So before we get started with installing a Kubernetes cluster with kube ADM, we need to actually provision a couple of nodes that we're going to use within our cluster. So we need at least 2 to 3 Kubernetes nodes which are just basically Linux servers. So we need three Linux servers. Now you could obviously buy a server or an extra computer. Um, or in this case three of them to accomplish that. But that's obviously going to cost money. And we want to make sure that if you are following along with this demo. Anybody can follow along. And so what we're going to do is we're gonna make use of a technology called virtualization. It's going to allow us to essentially spin up a computer within our computer. So I've got this windows machine here, and within this windows machine we can actually spin up three Linux servers that we can use as Kubernetes nodes. Now we're going to start off by going over how to do this in windows. And then in the next video we're going to go over how to do this in macOS. Because the steps are going to be a little bit different because they are two different platforms. So for um, getting this up and running with windows, we need two things. First of all, we need what's called a hypervisor. A hypervisor is what manages all of the different virtual machines. It's the tool that allows us to create all of these mini servers within my windows laptop. Now, there's a variety of different hypervisors out there. We're going to use a free one called VirtualBox. So this is free not going to cost anything. It's available to anyone and it's available across multiple platforms. You could even use this on Mac and Linux as well. Now I do want to point out that especially with Apple Silicon. So if you're running, you know, like one of the M1, M2, M3, M4 chips, there have been certain issues with trying to get VirtualBox up and running on Mac. So this is just something to keep in mind. You'll see that when we get to the Mac section, we're going to actually be using a different tool called Multipass just to help avoid any issues with running VirtualBox on Apple Silicon. But if you're running, you know, one of the old Intel based Mac computers, then you can absolutely use VirtualBox as well. So what you want to do is we go to VirtualBox org and you want to select this download button or select download up there. And that's going to take you to this page. That's going to show you the installers for the various platforms it supports. We're going to select windows hosts in this case because I'm on a windows machine and this demo is for windows or for PCs. So this is going to go ahead and download that. And then we can open this up and you'll probably get a message like this. Just go ahead and hit yes. You're going to get the installer window. Just go ahead and keep hitting. Next hit accept the terms in the license agreement. Hit next. You can leave everything as default. We don't need to change anything. It's going to give you a warning that you're going to temporarily lose network connectivity. This is just for a split second. Just because your hypervisor does manage the networking for your different virtual machines. So it needs to make a couple of changes. So just hit yes and then hit yes. You can go ahead and select which ones you want. I'm just going to leave everything as default. And then we're going to install that. And once that's complete, you can go ahead and hit finish. Um, right now I have it checked to start it up automatically. We're going to do that. Um, if you don't select that, that's okay. You could just open it up, um, inside your search window, um, so that we can go ahead and start the program. Okay. And so you can see, um, this opened up on another window, but we've got our VirtualBox set up and installed. So with this virtual box, which is our hypervisor, it's going to allow us to create these virtual machines. So our kind of computers inside my computer and you know, I can create a Linux virtual machine, I can create a windows virtual machine. I can even create a mac OS virtual machine. I would just hit new and I would go through the steps of providing an image for it, and then it's going to go ahead and go through the whole installation process. And it'll be like installing a brand new operating system on any server. So it's a little bit of a time consuming process, especially if you need three servers, right? Just like we do, we need three servers so that we can actually set up a Kubernetes cluster. So you could do it manually one by one. But instead of doing that, there's actually another tool that can actually help speed up this process. And there's this tool called vagrant. So vagrant is kind of like an automation tool for virtual machines. So it basically allows you to define in a file all the configurations that you want for your different virtual machines. You run one command and it's going to spin up, you know potentially, you know, three, four, five. However many virtual machines you want all configured in your desired configuration. So it helps speed up the process and that it's also going to allow us to give you a config file so that we can actually get three nodes, uh, set up as quickly and easily as possible so that you guys actually can get started with installing a cluster using kubectl. So we're going to use this tool to automate the provisioning of virtual machines. Now to set up vagrant, um, you could go to the website for vagrant which is developer.com. Or you could just search for Vagrant in Google. It's going to be the first result you want to go to install, and it's going to give you the instructions on how to install it. So here is for windows. You can see the binaries for that. So you got amd64 and i686. So whatever architecture you're using we're going to do amd64 I'm going to download that. And after it's downloaded I can just open that up and run it. And so it's going to do a little initial setup for us. All right. We're going to accept the terms in the license agreement and hit install. If you get a little pop up just go ahead and hit yes okay. So we can see that vagrant finished installing. So I'm going to hit finish. And you're going to see that after you hit finish it's going to ask you to restart your computer for it to actually take effect. So we're going to go ahead and hit yes. So we can restart now. And then I'll see you guys after my computer reboots. Okay. So after your computer rebooted you should have vagrant installed. And what you want to do is open up your terminal. So I'm just going to search for my terminal and I'm going to actually select, um I'm actually going to change to command prompt. I don't think it should matter. Um, but I just like I prefer using command prompt versus PowerShell. And I'm going to just zoom in for you guys. And what we want to do is we want to make sure that vagrant was installed properly. So I'm going to say vagrant dash dash help. So if this runs and actually instead of dash dash help I can just say vagrant dash dash version. And this is going to spit out what version of vagrant we installed. And as you can see, we installed vagrant version 2.4.6. This confirms that we have installed vagrant, um, and everything is working as it should. Now, the reason why we installed vagrant is to automate the process of provisioning all of the virtual machines that we need, so that we can actually run and use Kubeadm to install a Kubernetes cluster. So we can provide you with a vagrant file, which is the configuration for vagrant that will automatically do that for you. And that's what makes vagrant so amazing and so simple to work with, is that we can just share a file. You can run one command, it's going to spin up an entire environment for you automatically. So we have this repository here. And what we want to do is inside this repository. If you go under cube clusters under VirtualBox you will see the configuration. Um the vagrant configuration. This is the vagrant file that we're interested in. And you can see it's going to do a whole bunch of things, but ultimately it's going to provision a couple of virtual machines. It's going to give them specific IP addresses. And it's going to give you, you know, one virtual machine that's meant for you for your master node. And then you've got a couple of worker nodes. So we're just going to use this file. So what we're going to do is I'm going to go back to here and I'm going to grab the URL. And we're going to perform a git clone. So I'm going to say git clone here. So it's going to pull all of the code from that repository onto my local machine so that we can actually use that vagrant file. And that was not the command I wanted to run. We'll say git clone, paste that URL and we're going to copy it to the current directory. So we've pulled all of the source code onto our local machine. And what we're going to do is we're going to navigate to that folder the kube ADM cluster and then go under VirtualBox. So I'll say CD kube ADM cluster and then CD and we will go to VirtualBox. Now before we proceed any further we have to make sure VirtualBox is running. So remember VirtualBox is the hypervisor that actually runs our virtual machines. What's going to happen is vagrant will actually connect to VirtualBox and create your virtual machines automatically. So instead of us going one by one and creating it, it's going to do it automatically and it's going to do it based off of what you've configured inside the vagrant file. So all we have to do at this point with VirtualBox up and running, all we have to do to create everything that we've provided for you is make sure you're in the directory where this vagrant file is. And all you have to do is just say vagrant up. And so what it's going to do now is it's going to provision a three node cluster. Well it's not going to provision Kubernetes, but it's going to provision three VMs automatically for you. And at that point you'll be able to connect to them and then run them like any other Linux machine. Now you might get a pop up like this. So just go ahead and hit yes. And so you can see here it's bringing up a virtual machine called Control Plane. You can see here that it's bringing up a machine called node one. And you can see here it's bringing up a machine called node two. So it's going to spin up three virtual machines. See once again control plane node and two worker nodes. And we're just going to wait for it to go ahead and do that. And if you want you can actually take a look here. And you can see that it's physically creating a virtual machine for you. So you've got one here and you're going to see that there's going to be three populated. And it's doing this automatically for you. That's the great part about vagrant. It's going to automate this for you. So we just provide the file. So now all we have to do is just wait. And then once all of this is done, we can then connect to those virtual machines and get started on working with them. Okay. So we can see at this point that it's completed. And if we just take a look at the logs we can see VM build complete. That's what you want to see. You want to make sure that there's no errors. If there's some sort of error just go ahead and run a vagrant. Destroy F that'll delete everything. And then run a vagrant up again. And that's going to try to rebuild it. And if there's some sort of error, the logs are usually fairly helpful. And you can kind of debug by taking a look at the error messages that it's outputting. But at this point, once it's done, what we want to do is we want to run this command vagrant status. And what this is going to do is it's going to show us all of the virtual machines that vagrant created. And we can see here we've got three nodes. We've got a control plane node, we've got node one and node two. So three virtual machines. And if we take a look at VirtualBox, you can see it created three virtual machines. So that's all it did. It just automated this process. So we didn't have to manually deploy three ubuntu virtual machines. So how do we connect to these virtual machines. Well it's really easy. You just do vagrant SSH and then the name of the virtual machine. So if I want to connect to the control plane node I'll do control plane. And you can see we're now connected to the control plane virtual machine. And for the rest of this demo what I will do or in the next upcoming video, when we actually go through the whole process of deploying and installing a cluster using cube ADM, I'm going to have three tabs, one for each one of the nodes. So the top one we've already connected to the control plane. So I'll just rename that as control plane. Then this one will be node one. And I will have to change into that directory. And I'll do a vagrant. SSH! And, uh, what was the name of the node? I believe it was just called node one. Node one. And while that's running, I'm going to set up the last terminal. So this will be for node two. Once again we'll move into the proper folder. And this one will be node two. Okay. So at this point we should have a connection to all three nodes. So our control plane node node one and node two. And they're going to be labeled accordingly. So if you're going to follow along make sure you know which one I'm currently connected to. And also before we even move on to the the next step, I recommend you do an iPad just to take a look at the IP addressing that's been set up. So you can see the control plane node has an IP address of 192.168.86.32. And node one has a dot 33 and node two has. a dot 34. Now, one thing to keep in mind with, and this is specific to vagrant, is that you'll see that the first interface, Ep03, has an IP address of 1.0.2.15. Same thing with node 110 zero 215. Same thing with node two. This is specific to vagrant. This is vagrant. Uses this internally. So just ignore this interface. It's not really relevant to what we're doing. We're going to be using this interface for communication. Just something to keep in mind. Just a little quirk that comes with using vagrant. And as I stated it's really easy to tear down your environment. So I'm just going to open up another tab and show you guys how to tear it down. And I'm going to once again move into the clusters and then VirtualBox. And then what we want to do is we want to do vagrant destroy and then dash F for force. So that's going to go ahead and delete and tear down all of your virtual machines. So you could spin up your environment with basically one command vagrant up. And you can destroy it with a single command which is vagrant destroy dash F.