So now let's talk about the AWS App Runner service. It's a fully managed service that makes it easy to deploy web applications and APIs at scale. And with this, anyone can deploy to AWS, you don't need to know anything about infrastructure for containers or your source code or whatever you want. So the idea is that you start with your source code or a Docker container image, and then you're going to configure the settings. So it shows how many vCPUs you want, how much memory you want for your containers, if you want Auto Scaling, and a few health checks. So some basic settings to define your web application or your API. And then, automatically, that's it. It will start building and deploying the web app using the App Runner service. So, the container will be created and deployed, and then your API or your web app is deployed and you can access it right away using a URL. And so, as you can see, there was no knowledge whatsoever of what goes on underneath. Underneath, of course, it uses the AWS services, but as a user, you just don't know about it. So it's very quick. So with App Runner, you get a lot of goodness. You get automatic scaling, it's highly available, you get load balancing, you get encryption, and your application, your container, can also get access to your VPC. That means that you can connect to your databases, your cache, as well as your message queue services. So the use case for this is to very quickly deploy web apps, API, microservices, and do rapid production deployment with best practices, all using the AWS App Runner service. It's a very simple service. It does very simple things, but it's very powerful. So let's look at an architecture using App Runner in a multi-region architecture. So we have two regions, us-east-1 and us-west-2. And, first of all, we want to start with the Docker image. So we're going to have an image on the ECR Registry, but we've learned about the Cross-Region Replication feature of ECR, and therefore, that image can be replicated to another region. Therefore, in the first region, we can start using the App Runner service and it's going to leverage that image and we can persist data in the DynamoDB Table. We also know that DynamoDB Tables can be globally replicated, so we can replicate it to another region and then run the App Runner service in that other region as well, connecting to the same image and connecting to the same data source through DynamoDB. So now we have a very good setup in two regions, but how do we distribute our traffic across regions? Well, for this, very simple, we can use Route 53 where we set up a latency type of record that points to both end points of App Runners, and then, automatically, your user is going to be redirected to the best end point in terms of latency. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.