Now let's talk about Cross-Zone Balancing. So let's take an example of a very imbalance situation but it will illustrate the point. So we have two Availability Zones and the first one has a load balancer with two EC2 instances and the second one also has a load balancer. So, a load balancer instance, obviously, with eight EC2 instances. The load balancers instances are part of the same, more general load balancer. So, the client is accessing these load balancers. And so with Cross-Zone Load Balancing, each load balancer instance will distribute evenly across all registered instances in all Availability Zones. So the client itself is sending 50% of the traffic to the first ALB instance and 50% of traffic to the other ALB instance. But each ALB is going to redirect that traffic across all 10 EC2 instances regardless of which Availability Zones they're in. This is why it's called, Cross-Zone Load Balancing. So, if we take a look at the first, at the second ALB, sorry, instance it's going to send 10% of the traffic it receives, okay, to all these instances because we have 10 instances, so each of them gets 10% of the traffic. And same story with this first ALB instance it's going to send also 10% traffic to all these instances. So in this example, with Cross-Zone Balancing, we are distributing the traffic evenly across all EC2 instances. And that may be something you want to have or not, who knows, but at least this behavior is available to you. The second behavior that's available to you is to not have Cross-Zone Balancing. So we take the same example, but without Cross-Zone Balancing the requests, the requests, sorry, are distributed in the instances of the node of the Elastic Load Balancer. So this example, what we have is that the clients sends 50% of the traffic to the first AZ and the 50% of traffic to the second AZ. Okay. But the first ALB instance is going to send the traffic to only the EC2 instances in its region. So that means that each EC2 instance in this, sorry, Availability Zone is going to get 25% of the traffic overall. Okay. So half and half. And the one on the right hand side will again divide up the traffic it receives into the EC2 instances. The averages are within its AZ. So AZ2. So as we can see here without Cross Load Balancing the traffic is contained within each AZ. But if there are an imbalanced number of EC2 instances in each AZ, then some EC2 instances of a specific AZ will receive more traffic than others. It's just an option to know about. There's no right or wrong answer. It depends on the use case, obviously. So let's talk about Cross-Zone Load Balancing for each load balancer. So for the CLB, it's disabled by default and you have no charges for inter AZ data, if enabled. For the Application Load Balancer, it's always on, it cannot be disabled and you have no charges for inter AZ data as well. For the Network Load Balancer is disabled by default are you going to pay charges if you do enable this feature. And finally for the Gateway Load Balancer it's disabled by default and you are going to pay charges for inter AZ data if you enable this feature. Let's talk about Sticky Sessions, also called, Session Affinity, for your Elastic Load Balancer. So it's possible to implement what's called stickiness or sticky sessions. And the idea is that the client doing two requests to the load balancer will have the same instance in the backend to respond to the requests. So the idea is that for example, you have a ALB with two EC2 instances and you have three clients, if the client one makes a request and it goes to the first EC2 instance, that means that when it does a second request to the load balancer, it will go to the same instance. Which is a different behavior where usually the Application Load Balancer will do a spread of all the requests across all the EC2 instances. Now for client two, if it goes to the ALB and talks to the second instance, then all the requests will go there. And same for client three, okay. So this is a behavior that can be enabled for the Classic Load Balancer and the Application Load Balancer. And how it works, well there is a cookie that is sent as part of the request from the clients to the load balancer and has stickiness and it has an expiration date. That means that when the cookie expires, then the clients may be redirected to another EC2 instance. The use case for this is to make sure that the user is connected to the same backend instance, in order not to lose his session data. Which can take some important information such as the login of the user, for example. But if you enable stickiness, it may bring imbalance to the load over the backend, EC2 instances. In case some instances, I have a very, very sticky user. Now let's have a look at Routing Algorithms for your requests. So, there is one called the Least Outstanding Request which is at the next instance to receive the request is the instance that has the lowest number of pending or unfinished requests. So basically the instance that is the less currently busy is the instance that will receive the next request. Which makes sense, right? Because you want to make sure that if an instance has less requests than another, then maybe has more capacity to receive these requests. So it's available for the ALB and the CLB. And so the idea is that the first request will go maybe to the first instance. The second request to the second. And then the third request has to go to the third because the third instance right now, doesn't have any requests. So it has the Least Outstanding Requests. So this is how it works. And then the fourth one may go again to the third instance. If the third instance has the Least Outstanding Requests maybe the third request was very, very quick to finish and so the fourth one went again to the third instance and so on. Okay. Now, for the Round Robin, this is a bit different. So the Round Robin is that the targets will have one after the other, the next requests, regardless of how many outstanding requests are available on your instance. And so this works for ALB and CLB. The idea is that number one will go to number one, number two will go to number two, and number three go to number one. And then number four, will again go through the same cycle. So number one and so on. Then for the NLB there is the Flow Hash Request Routing. Which a target is selected based on a hashing of the protocol, source/destination IP address, source/destination port, and TCP sequence number. That means that each TCP or UDP connection is going to be routed for a single target for the life of the connection which is sort of equivalent for the sticky sessions on the Network Load Balancer. So very, very simply whenever a user makes a request in EC2 instance all the information I just said below is going to be hashed, through a Flow Hash Algorithm. And then thanks to this hash number is going to route the same requests from the same user to the same EC2 instance as long as the TCP connection is open, okay. And this is a specificity of your NLB. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.