Okay, so now let's talk about Route 53. And first, let's talk about the record types that exist within Route 53. So we have the A that maps a hostname to IPv4. Quadruple A which maps the hostname to IPv6. We have CNAME to map a hostname to another hostname in which the target of the hostname is being A or an AAAA record. And you cannot create a CNAME on top of, the top node of the DNS namespace which is the Zone Apex. So, you cannot create a CNAME for example.com. We can create a CNAME for www.example.com, and we'll see how to solve that problem with Alias records. And then finally, NS which are name servers for the hosted zone which control how traffic is rooted to a domain. So, these records are all you need to know for the Solutions Architect professional exam, so, don't worry about the rest. Now, for the A record, how does that work? Well, the client wants to access an EC2 instance that has a public IP, is going to first query for example.com in Amazon Route 53, and then get an IP back, and then thanks to the IP, reach our EC2 instance. So, this is for a very simple A record, okay? Now, let's talk about difference of CNAME and Alias. So, all the resources in AWS, for example Load Balancer, CloudFront, et cetera, they expose an AWS hostname. So, for example, this is the hostname of a Load Balancer, and maybe we want this Load Balancer to be instead myapp.mydomain.com. So, how do we do this? Well, if we have a CNAME, as remembered, it is a hostname that points to any other hostnames. So, it is very possible for us to do app.mydomain.com points to anything.com, and so therefore it would work for the example above, but this only works for non root domain, so, it must be something.mydomain.com. So, for an Alias record though it has difference. It's to point hostname only to a specified AWS resource. So, it's app.mydomain.com into something.amazonaws.com, so, it must be a resource from AWS, and this works for root domain and non root domain. So, it works for mydomain.com and it's free of charge and it has native health check as a feature, so that means that for the Load Balancer in AWS you cannot do a CNAME for mydomain.com, but you can do an Alias record for mydomain.com. In terms of the targets for the Alias records we get Elastic Load Balancers, CloudFront Distribution, API Gateway, Elastic Beanstalk environments, S3 websites, VPC interface endpoints, Global accelerator Accelerator, as well as any other Route 53 record in the same hosted zone. And you cannot set Alias record for an EC2 DNS name. Now each record in Route 53 is going to have a record TTL which is the Time To Live. So here's an example, the client wants to talk to our web server, but we have a DNS request for myapp.example.com. We're going to get a response, for example A record, but this will have a TTL, and this response is going to be cached for the time of the TTL. And then once the TTL expires then the record will be renewed. So while the TTL is still present and the record is saved on the client side, then the requests are going to go to the IP that was refetched from before. So, in case you do a high TTL, for example, 24 hours that means that you're going to get less traffic on the Route 53, but you have possibly updated records, for example, if you update them in DNS side then it will take up to 24 hours for clients to get the new values. Otherwise, if you set a very low TTL, for example 60 seconds that means you're going to get more traffic on the DNS side which is going to cost you some money, but on the flip side, the records are going to be outdated for less time and it's going to be easier to change records, so, it's always a trade off. And except for the Alias record the TTL is mandatory for each DNS record, very important to remember. Okay, now let's look at the routing policy, so we have the simple routing policy which is to route traffic to a single resource and this cannot be associated with the health check and this is the only kind of routing policy that is not associated with the health check. So, here's an example, so client goes to food.example.com and then gets a value back. Super simple. But you can also specify multiple values in the same record, and if that's the case then a random one is going to be chosen by the clients. So the client is asking for a DNS request and then gets multiple values as a result. The client is going to choose a random value. Okay, that's very simple. Next, we have Weighted. So, Weighted gives you the ability to control the percentage of the request that go to a specific resource. So in this example, we have 70% of the request going to my first EC2 instance then 20% to my second EC2 instance and then 10% to my last EC2 instance. So, this kind of record can be associated with the health checks to make sure that we don't send traffic to a resource that is not healthy. The use cases for Weighted records is around load balancing between regions, testing the application versions, and so on. Then we have latency based records which is to redirect resources that have the least latency close to us which is super helpful when latency is a user priority. And the latency is going to be defined on the traffic between the users and the specified AWS region. So, it's further possible for Germany users to be directed to the US, if that's the lowest latency, and for example, your app is in Asia. So, these kind of records can be associated with health checks as well which gives a failover capability. So if we have, for example, two ALB, one in US-East-1 and one in AP-Southeast-1, and our users all around the world it's very possible for these users to go to US-East-1 and for the others to go to AP-Southeast-1. Next we have Failover for active-passive type of record. So, we have a primary record and then a secondary disaster recovery record. And so there's going to be a health check performed on the primary one. And then in case the primary fails then we are going to have a failover to the second instance. And this will be characterized by DNS request that either reply with the first EC2 instance or the second EC2 instance. Then we have Geolocation which is different from latency based, so this is to route based on the user location itself. So you can specify by continent, by country or even by US states. And if you have overlapping then the most precise location is going to be selected. So you should create a default record in case you have no match on location. And then use case for geolocation is to be doing website localization, to restrict content distribution or load balancing. And these can be associated with health checks, so, here's an example, we have a map of Europe right here, and some Germany users could be sent to this record, French users could be sent to that record and then anyone else could be sent to the default IP right here. Another one is called Geoproximity which is to route to resources based on the geographic location of users and resources. And thanks to something called the bias you can shift traffic to some resources more or less based on that number. So, you change the specify, you change the bias value to expand traffic to resource, you're going to increase it from one to 99 or to shrink you're going to decrease it from minus one to minus 99 which is going to send less traffic to the resource. And the resource can be an AWS resource or it could be a non-AWS resource, and in that case, we need to specify a latitude and longitude for the Geoproximity and for it to be effective and to be set up, you need to use the traffic flow feature of Route 53. So, it's better to see where the diagram, how that works. So, if you have US-East-1 and US-East-1 then they're going to be bias zero zero, so you're going to get a line in the center of the US geographically. And so half the users are gonna go to West and half the users are gonna go to East. But in case you increase the bias in US-East-1 and for example, you set a bias to something much higher, say 50, then if you leave it to zero on US-West-1 then the line is going to be closer to US-West-1 and therefore more users to the right of that line are gonna go to US-East-1, and the other ones are gonna go still to US-West-1. So with the bias you're able to really manipulate how much proximity you want users to be next to locations. Which brings onto Traffic flow. So traffic flow is a feature of Route 53 which allows you to easily create and maintain very complex and large records as well as Geoproximity records. So it's a visual editor and it gives you complex routing decision trees available to you that you can set up easily. And these configurations are saved as Traffic Flow Policies, and they can even be applied to different hosted zones if it needs to, and they support versioning. Finally, we have one last type of record called the Multi-Value record which is to use when routing to multiple resources, and then the Route 53 is going to return multiple values and resources. But because this can be associated with a health check we can only make sure that the return values are full healthy resources. So the Multi-Value returns up to eight healthy records at each query. And a Multi-Value is a good balancer, but it's not a substitute for having a load balancer. So here's an example, We can set up a multi A record to set two multiple IPs, and then if they're all healthy then they will all be returned back to the clients. So now let's talk about another routing policy called the IP-based routing which is very intuitive to think about because you're going to define the routing based on the client IP addresses. In Route 53, you're going to define a list of CIDRs, they are IP ranges for your clients. And you're going to say based on the CIDR which location the traffic should be sent to. So the use cases will be to optimize performance because you know the IP ahead of time or to reduce network costs because you know where the IP is are coming from. So, an example is that if you know that you have a specific internet provider and they have, they are using a specific CIDR of IP addresses. You can route them to a specific endpoint thanks to this strategy. So let's go for an example, in Route 53 I'm going to define two locations with two different CIDR blocks. As you can see, one start with 203 and the other one start with 200. And the defined IP ranges. Now, we are going to link these locations to a specific record. So for example.com, we're going to have location one, so the first CIDR block to send to the value 1,2,3,4, and the second location, the block CIDR number two to send to 5,6,7,8, and these represents the public IP of two EC2 instances. Now, as you would expect, if a user comes in with a specific IP that is part of the location one CIDR block, they will be directed to the first EC2 instance of IP 1,2,3,4. And the user B with a second IP address that belongs to the location two, will be redirected and will have a DNS query response to the EC2 instance of IP 5,6,7,8. So that's it for the basics of Route 53, I hope there is nothing new for you, and I will see you in the next lecture.