So next, the second part of this Route 53 lecture ...so we have Hosted Zones and this is a container of records to define how to route traffic to a domain and its subdomains and we have two kinds. We have the Public Hosted Zones, to allow the internet to resolve them for public domains, but also we get the Private Hosted Zones and these can only be resolved from within your VPC and you can define private URL's. So, the difference is that the Public Hosted Zone is accessible publicly and you can have the target being the Public IP of an EC2 Instance, the Public IP of an Application Load Balancer or a CloudFront distribution or an S3 Bucket website for example. But in the Private Hosted Zone, it's used from within your VPC and it's very helpful to link to the Private IP of your EC2 Instances or the Private IP of your Database Instances and so on. Other good things to know for Route 53 is that in case you have a Private Hosted Zone with a Private DNS then in your VPC you must enable two settings called the enableDnsHostnames and enable DnsSupport. Also, on Route 53 you get support for the DNS Security Extensions (DNSSEC) and it's a protocol for securing DNS traffic to verify the DNS data integrity and origin. It helps you to be protected against Man in the Middle (MITM) attacks on the DNSSEC. And Route 53 has support for both DNSSEC for Domain Registration and also DNSSEC Signing. It only works with Public Hosted Zones. Finally, you can use Route 53 with a 3rd Registrar in which case you buy the domain outside of AWS but you still use Route 53 as your DNS provider. For this, you just update the NS records on the Registrar and you appoint them to AWS. Onto Health Checks, so you get Public Health Checks on Route 53. That means that for example, if you have two ALB's in two distinct regions then you can set up two Health Checks to check the health of these ALB. And you use the Health Check, to link them to a specific DNS record and this gives you automatic DNS Failover. So, you have three kind of Health Checks. You get Health Checks that will monitor an endpoint health so: application, server or maybe another AWS resource. You get Health Checks that will monitor other Health Checks and they are called Calculated Health Checks. And you get Health Checks that monitor CloudWatch Alarms, which gives you full control because you do whatever you want with a CloudWatch alarm. So you can monitor, for example, throttles of DynamoDB alarms on RDS or any custom metrics which is very helpful for private resources. Now all of these Health Checks will publish also CloudWatch metrics if you ever need to. So as we said we have Calculated Health Checks which is to combine Health Checks into a Parent Health Check and for this you can use the OR, AND, or NOT condition. You can monitor up to 256 Children Health Checks in one Parent Health Check and you specify how many of the Child Health Checks need to pass to make the Parent Health pass as well. So the use case of a Calculated Health Check is to perform maintenance on your website without causing, for example, all the Health Checks to fail. You can also monitor an Endpoint using Health Checks. So, we can monitor Public Endpoints and Health Checkers all around the world will do HFTP request to the health route that you set, okay? And when you do set something up you get about fifteen Health Checkers that will check your Endpoint health so it needs to be a Public Endpoint, of course. And then the Health Checks are going to pass only if the Endpoint is going to respond with the 200's or the 300's status codes. Now there's a cool feature that you need to know about that is coming up in the exam. Is that the health check can be set up to fail or pass based on the value returned by the Endpoint that you are checking. And if in the first 5120 bytes of the response you have some specific text that you specify then you make the Health Check pass or else the Health Check does not pass. Okay, so how do we do Health Checks of stuff in Private Hosted Zones? Well, because the Health Checkers are outside the VPC they cannot access Private Endpoints. So, Private VPC or on-premises resources. And so therefore to monitor the health of an EC2 Instance, what you can do is that you can create a CloudWatch Metric then you associate a CloudWatch Alarm with it and then you base the Health Check to monitor the CloudWatch Alarm itself and this is how you would effectively monitor the health of an internal resource. So let's take an example of a Solution Architecture for multi-region failover with RDS. So we have a main database and we have an Async replication into a different region, so we have us-east-1 to us-west-2. Then we have two ways, either we set up an EC2 Instance to monitor the health of the database and to expose a HFTP call /health-db route and that is one way of doing it. Or option two which I like more, is to define a CloudWatch Alarm and link the CloudWatch Alarm into a Health Check. Once the Health Check is off, we can link it to a CloudWatch Alarm as well. This is going to be linked to an SNS Topic or an CloudWatch Event which is going to trigger a Lambda function and then the Lambda function will update the DNS of your application into Route 53 and then promote your Read Replica in us-west-2 and effectively you have achieved automated failover using Health Checks and Route 53. So, I hope that was helpful. I hope you liked this lecture. And I will see you in the next lecture.