Now let's talk about AWS Global Accelerator. This is a way for you to leverage the internal network of AWS to route to your application. And for this, it will use what's called an Anycast IP, and two of them will be created for your application. Now the Anycast IP is going to be used to send traffic directly to the Edge locations all around the world. And then from the Edge location, the traffic will be sent to your application, but using the internal traffic of AWS. How does that work? Well say that all your applications wants to access a public ALB in India, but your clients are in Australia, America, and Europe, well, the way it's going to work is that they're going to use the Anycast IP, which is going to redirect them to an Edge location. And from the Edge location, the traffic will go privately on the Edge OS network from the Edge location into your desired endpoints. This global accelerator really gives you some of course, accelerations. The targets can be Elastic IPs, EC2 instances, ALB, NLB, could be public or private. It supports IP preservation of your clients, except for the Elastic IP endpoints. You're going to get consistent performance because, well, you're going to get intelligent routing from the lowest latency, and you're also going to get fast regional failover. You're going to get no issue with client cache, because the IP does not change. So your two Anycast IP are going to be there for the rest of your lifecycle of Global Accelerator, and it will leverage the internal AWS network as fast as possible. In terms of health checks, while the Global Accelerator performs health checks of your application, which makes your application global. And in case something is unhealthy, then the failover happens usually in less than one minutes. It's great for disaster recovery then, because of the health checks with a fast recovery time. For security, only two external Anycast IP need to be whitelisted, which is great. And you're going to get DDoS protection thanks to AWS Shield. So what's the difference between CloudFront and Global Accelerator? Well, they both use the global network of AWS, and they both leverage the Edge locations around the world. They all have integration with SHIELD for DDoS protection, but CloudFront is here by giving you cached content at the Edge, such as images or videos, or dynamic content such as API acceleration and dynamic site delivery. But for CloudFront, all the content is going to be delivered at the Edge, whereas Global Accelerator is here to improve performance overall. And it could be not only for HTP but also for TCP or UDP. And it's going to proxy packets directly from an Edge location into your application running, wherever it's running in the AWS network. And therefore it's going to be a good fit for non-HTTP use cases such as gaming for UDP, IOT using MQTT, or Voice over IP. And it's also going to be great if you have an HTTP use case that requires to use a static IP address, or if you have a use case that requires deterministic fast regional failover. Okay, that's it. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.