So we have seen a lot of different components so far and now it's time to just take a step back and compare all the kind of options we have when we do solution architecture, just with the web layer and the application layer. So we are going to compare EC2 with its own Elastic IP, EC2 with Route53, ALB + ASG, ALB + ECS on EC2, ALB + ECS on Fargate, ALB + Lambda, API Gateway + Lambda, API Gateway with AWS Service and then finally API Gateway with an HTTP backend, for example an ALB. So let's get started. First EC2 with Elastic IP. So we have our user talking to our public instance and has a public IP and an elastic IP attached to it and with an elastic IP address. And what we want to do is have some kind of failover. So we're going to have a standby instance and this standby instance is going to be there. We want to failover. So in case we want to failover we're going to have the elastic IP address move all the way to the second EC2 instance in case of the elastic recovery. Then our user will be redirected automatically because they've been using the elastic IP address to the standby instance. That is very classic. It provides you quick failover. The client should not see the change happen because it can make with the same elastic IP address. It's very helpful if the client needs to resolve only by static public IP address. But it does not scale because you can only have one EC2 instance at any time serving traffic. And on top of it, it's cheap. So that's one solution architecture and it's not too bad. Okay so next we have stateless web app. We want to scale them horizontally. So let's say we have three EC2 instances. They're public, but there's no elastic IP this time and we have users. What the users will do is that they will perform a DNS query on Route53 and they will get back an A record and thanks to this A record, they're going to be able to talk to our EC2 instances. But what happens if one of these EC2 instances is being terminated? For example in which case, some of our users will not be able to reach our application and that can be a problem. So in this case, we are to download something called DNS-based load balancing. Because based on the DNS results, we are getting different answers and this is how load balancing works. So here we are able to use multiple instances. And Route53 TTL implies that some clients may get outdated information. So even though we're able to have a health check for example, it will take some time, maybe one hour in this case because that's where the TTL is for our users to be redirected to the correct instances. Finally the clients may have some logic to deal with hostname resolution failures, for example if somehow one host name does not work, it may be interesting for us to do something, which is to redo a DNS query, force it, and resolve the new DNS results to try another URL. Finally I think an instance if you do that with its own same scheme they may not receive full traffic right away due to the DNS TTL. Again, you need to wait for the new clients to re-resolve the DNS for a new instance to receive some traffic. So this works fine. This is architecture that the both often choose, but it's not perfect. Okay, then we have ALB + ASG. So here's something that we've seen a thousand times where we have our Route53 DNS query pointing as an Alias Record to an ALB. The ALB will have health checks, multi AZ enabled, and then will be routing to three availability zones, five instances that are living in an auto scaling group. And so we've seen this as a very classic architecture on AWS that scales very well. The new instances that are added to our auto scaling group will be in service right away because the load balances will be routing traffic directly to them and the users will never be sent to instances that are out-of-service. Thanks to the health checks, this is very beneficial. The time to scale though is pretty quite slow because in case you add EC2 instances you need to wait for the EC2 instance to start up, then there is the EC2 user data bootstrap script and somehow if you use an AMI that has all these things clear already, it can help speed up the time to scale. But it's quite slow I would say, we're talking about a few minutes, but that's okay, that's very proper for many types of architecture. The ALB is elastic, but it cannot handle sudden huge peak of demands, okay, so you need to pre-warm it if you except a massive load happening very, very soon. And in case some instances are overloaded, it's possible that you're losing a request, meaning that your clients have to retry some requests over time in case they don't through. CloudWatch can be used for scaling the auto scaling group. And we've seen that there is Cross-Zone load balancing, if you want to evenly distribute across all AZ from the load balancer. Okay and so just a real world tip, which is that if you're trying to scale your auto-scaling group a good target utilization rise off CBU, a good number would be within 40% to 70% depending on how you feel about your application. Okay, next we have ALB + ECS on EC2 that is backed by an auto scaling group. So this is extremely similar to what we had before. It has the exact same properties as the discussion we just had before when we just had an ALB and an ASG, but now instead of having the task of instance run the application itself, we have ECS tasks on the instances. So the application has to be run on Docker and because we're using ECS it is possible to use a dynamic port mapping feature to run multiple tasks on the same application on EC2 instance, potentially helping us maximize the utilization of an EC2 instance. The thing is though with this architecture as we discussed already is that it's really really tough to orchestrate ECS service auto-scaling alongside ASG auto-scaling. So it is very possible that you will need to have two sets of auto-scaling rules in place to scale both your EC2 instances that will run your tasks and your service itself that will run the tasks as well. So the answer to this is to use ECS on Fargate. In this case we don't have any auto-scaling group. We don't have any EC2 instances to manage, we have Fargate that has service auto-scaling. And the tasks will be launched on the AWS network automatically for you, and we don't need to manage that at all. So the application again is run on Docker. Service auto-scaling is going to be very easy. The time to be in service is going to be very very quick, so we don't need to launch an EC2 instance in advance. The only thing we need to launch is a Docker container. So it could be really really quick to launch a Docker container. YOu're still limited by the ALB in case of sudden peaks of request. And the things we've made serverless in this instance is the application tier. I don't like to call ALB serverless, I like to call it managed, because it doesn't scale as nicely, but still it's a very nice architecture, something very common that scales really well that is no management or that requires no management on your side and is going to be very safe and very scalable. Next we're going to the serverless world. So we have Lambda. So we can use the application of ECS alongside Lambda so we see that target groups of an ALB could be Lambda. In which case, we're going to be limited by Lambda's runtime. Remember we have specific client runtimes and we can also have customer runtimes. But in case we won't have Docker it's more and more access recommended to use ECS instead, but we're going to have seamless scaling thanks to the Lambda runtime. It's going to be very helpful. Remember when we have 1000 Lambda functions that be convertly executed, it's going to be a very very simple way to expose your Lambda function as HTTP or HTTP/S without using all the features from API Gateway. And as you can expect you get a lot of cost saving factors like 20X or 10X by using the ALB + Lambda, but you don't have the features of the API Gateway. The cool thing is that you can combine this with the Web Application Firewall for security on your ALB, and it's good for hybrid microservices. As an example, you can use ECS for some requests and use Lambda for other requests, depending on the type of workload, your Docker container, or if it's a very simple function. This is a very fine solution architecture. One other thing that is lesser known on AWS, but extremely helpful. Otherwise, the one that is more known is going to be when you have API Gateway and Lambda. In which case, you eventually pay for requests, seamless scaling, fully serverless. You need to be aware of soft limits, 10,000 requests per second on your API Gateway, and 1000 concurrent in execution but both these things are sublimits and you can increase that. Because you have an API Gateway we get more features such as authentication, rate limiting, caching, API keys and all the things we've seen from before. Lambda Cold Start time may increase some latency for some requests especially if you start as well chaining up a bunch of these architectures together. We've seen this, but the good thing is that it's fully integrated with X-Ray, so we can get full tracing of all the requests made within your infrastructure. Finally we see the API Gateway can be used with AWS Service as a proxy. An okay architecture would be to do this. It's not the best, where you have the clients, API Gateway and then Lambda, and Lambda will be for example putting a message into an SQS queue. The better architecture would be to have the client talk to the API Gateway and the API Gateway be integrated with SQS directly. So we definitely would do this, number one, because we get lower latency and it's cheaper. We avoid invoking Lambda and it makes more sense. We're also not using Lambda concurrent capacity. There's no custom code to maintain and we are exposing AWS API securely for the API Gateway which is what it was intended to be in the first place. So this could not be joined only SQS, it could be SNS, Step Functions and so on. One thing to remember though is an API Gateway has a payload limit of 10 MB and so it can be a problem if you're trying to have an API Gateway as a proxy for S3. Okay, lastly, API Gateway with HTTP backend and for example an ALB. So we have this architecture and we would use this for getting the API Gateway features on top of a custom HTTP backend. So we would want the authentication, the rate control, API keys, caching, et cetera, et cetera. It can connect to on-premise servers, an application load balancer, or even a third party HTTP service. Okay, so that's it, we've visited all the ways to make a web layer and a compute layer so far. I hope everything makes sense. I hope these discussions of solution architecture are bringing your thinking forward and I will see you in the next lecture.