So now let's discuss a service that will come up with the exam, which is the Systems Manager service. So this helps you manage a fleet of EC2 instances and on-premises servers at scale. And this is going to be a suite of tools that'll see. There's so many tools in Systems Manager that will give you insights about the state of your infrastructure. It allow you to easily detect problem and also gives you some patching automation and enhanced compliance. This is something that comes up at the exam a lot. Whenever you need to patch your instances, usually it's going to be done with Systems Manager or any kind of automation you'll be running, also will be using Systems Manager. So it works for both Windows and Linux OS and it's going to be fully integrated with CloudWatch metrics and dashboards. Also integrated with Config and it's a free service. You're only going to pay for the resources they use or creates if it does anything like that. So there are so many features in Systems Manager that it can be overwhelming. So I'm going to list them and tell them afterwards what we're gonna do about it. So we have node tools. We have fleet manager, compliance, inventory, hybrid activations, session manager, run commend, state manager, patch manager, and distributor. We have change management features such as automation, change calendar, maintenance windows, documents, quick setup. Application tools such as application manager, app config, and the parameter store. We have resource groups and we have operations tools such as Explorer, app center, CloudWatch dashboard. So as you can see, that's a lot of features, but what I highlighted in blue is what I think is important from an exam perspective. Still System Manager is very important. So we're going to spend a bit of time to learn all of those and it'll become very easy to answer exam questions which you've seen them once. All right, so don't be overwhelmed, don't be afraid. This section is here to help you ease into this service that, by the way, has new features all the time. So now if I go into the SSM Service, just to show you the Menu. So we are in it, and as you can see, on the left hand side, we have all these options. As you can see right here, AWS knows how to change the structure of them as well over time. So it's not a given. That one will be here and not moved here at some point, okay? But do not worry, I will spend some time going over the most important ones and they should make sense to you. Now, how does SSM work? So we need to install the SSM agent onto the systems we want to control at a high-level, okay? And this is an agent that comes bundled with Amazon Linux 2 AMI. This is why we love using the Amazon Linux 2 AMI. And also some Ubuntu AMI. If your instance cannot be controlled with SSM, it's probably an issue with the agent or the IAM permissions, okay? And if your AMI does not have the SSM agent on it, it's as simple as running a few commands to install that agent. So you are going to have EC2 instances with the SSM agent running or an on-premises server or VM with a SSM agent running. And then automatically after the correct configuration and making sure that these have enough IAM informations to talk to the Systems Manager service, then the instance will be connected and then Systems Manager can operate all these kind of features that I just told you about on the instances to perform, for example, some compliance. So patching with some automation, okay? So if there's an issue with an instance not being registered into SSM, you either like to have to look with the SSM agents not running or not working correctly, or making sure that the EC2 instances have the right IAM role to perform actions on SSM. So in the next lecture, what I'm going to do is that I'm going to go ahead and set up three EC2 instances with the SSM agents and register them into Systems Managers. So I will see you in the next lecture.