Okay, so let's get started with systems manager. And for this we need to first register some instances within. So on the left hand side, let's go into Fleet Manager. And as you can see right now I have zero managed nodes but that will change in a second. So what we want to do is to go into the EC2 console and start some instances to be registered in Fleet Manager. So in my EC2 console, I'm gonna go under instances and I'm gonna click on Launch Instances. The operating system is going to be Amazon Linux two. And the reason we use Amazon Linux two is that the SSM agent is already running on it. So all we need is to then give the proper IAM permissions to our instance, and then it will be registered in SSM. So if we look at our instance type, we'll choose T2 Micro for a key pair, we'll proceed without a key pair. And for a security group, we'll create a new security group. But as you can see we will remove any kind of connectivity to it. So no SSH, no HTTPS, no HTTP, just to show you that the instance doesn't need to be accessible. It's the agent that's actually accessing the service and not the service that's accessing the instance. So we create a new security group without any rules in it. And then under advanced details, most importantly we need to select an IAM instance profile. So let's click on create new IAM instance profile, and then we're going to create a role, and it's for an EC2 instance. Next. And then here we need to find the proper permission policy. So we'll go into SSM. And here we have the Amazon SSM Managed Instance score, which contains enough permissions for the instance to be managed by SSM. And that's extremely important. So we'll have this as a attached policy of my instance. And then I will scroll down and go in here and call this Amazon EC2 Role for SSM. So now we're good. We have the Amazon SSM Manage Instance Core. Let's create this role. And we're good. So back into our instance Launch, we need to find this SSM role so that we created the Amazon EC2 Role for SSM. And we are going to launch three instances. So said three instances just to show you how to launch and have three instances in SSM in the fleet manager. So let's launch our instances. Now they have the proper security group and they have the proper IAM role. So let's wait until they are up and running. So my instances are now running and the SSM agent is going to automatically boot up on them because we're using Amazon X two. And therefore if I go into Fleet Manager and refresh this page, as you can see, my three nodes are appearing in the managed notes under fleet Manager. So they're running, we can look at the platform, the operating system, the source type, the agent is online, yes, as well as the agent version. So that's pretty good. We have successfully started three EC2 instances, assigned the proper IAM role and fleet. There is Return Fleet Manager. And again, what I wanna show you is that if we look at the security group of my instances as you can see, there are no inbound rules which means that it's actually the instance accessing SSM. Alright, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.