Okay, so here is a real-life example of what an SSM automation may look like. So for example, say we have an auto-scaling group and it's running a source AMI, but we want to actually patch that AMI and have the auto-scaling group launch EC2 instances based on a new patched AMI. So to do so, we must, and we can use an automation because everything will be managed by AWS. So what are the steps of our automation? Well, step number one, we need to make sure it has a proper IAM role to perform all needs to do, but then what happens? We set up the automation, first of all to launch an EC2 instance from the source AMI. And then the second step of the automation is to do a run command from SSM to install the patches on your EC2 instance called AWS run patch baseline. This is going to give you an EC2 instance. Then you can, that is patched of course, then we can stop it and when it's stopped, we can create an image. So again, all these steps are run by your automation. I'm just demonstrating what's happening over time. And then that instance is terminated. So out of this first part of the automation, what we have is a patched AMI. Okay, so how now do we apply this patched AMI on the auto-scaling group? Well, we have the opportunity to run a script directly in your automation a Python script. So this script is going to update the launch templates to have a new base AMI for your EC2 instances. And then we update the auto-scaling group with the new launch templates, again, from the automation. But still, this doesn't change all the EC2 instances, it just make sure that the new EC2 instances of your auto-scaling group will be launched with a proper patched AMI. And so therefore, we must replace all the EC2 instances of your ASG. And for this, we're going to use the feature of auto-scaling group called EC2 instance refresh that it can, that again can be launched and started from your automation. So as you can see here, an SSM automation allows us to do a very complex flow, interact with many different APIs of AWS, and everything is managed directly from SSM. Alright, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.