So now let's see an overview of the SSM Patch Manager. So we use the Patch Manager to automate the process of patching our managed instances. This includes OS updates, applications updates and security updates. Of course, it supports both EC2 instances and on-premises server and Linux, MacOS and Windows. You're going to patch on demand so you can run the patch manager as you want or on the schedule if you want to use a maintenance window. What's going to happen is that the patch manager will scan the instances and will generate a patch compliance report which is a list of all the machine patches. And then this report can be sent to S3 and then we can act upon this report. So patch manager has two components we need to know about, which is the number one is the patch baseline and the number two is patch groups. So patch baseline defines which patches should and shouldn't be installed on your EC2 instances and the ability to create custom patch baseline is up to you if you want to specify approved or rejected patches on your instance. The patches can also be auto approved within days of their release in case someone is not there to approve them. By default, the patch baseline is to install only critical patches and patches related to security onto your SSM managed instances. Now for patch group, this is to associate a set of instances with a specific patch baseline. So if you define custom patch baselines, then you can create patch groups to associate them together. And for example, you can have a patch group for dev, test and prod. Now, instances when using patch groups should be defined with a tech key patch group and an instance at any time, therefore can only be part of one patch group. And the patch group can only be registered with one patch baseline. So we have two kind of patch baselines in Patch Manager. We have the predefined patch baselines and they're managed by AWS and they're defined for operating systems that are different and you cannot modify them. Now to run one of these predefined patch baseline, you can use the SSM document named AWS Run Patch Baseline, to apply both operating system and application patches for Linux, MacOS and Windows server. You can also define your custom patch baseline. So you define your own patch baseline and you choose which patches are auto-approved, which are allowed, which are rejected, and the operating system. And you can also specify custom or alternative patch repository. So you can really, for example, have an internal corporate patch repository for this. Now I want to make this clear with a diagram. So we have three types of easy two instances all running the SSM agents. The number ones are going to be tagged with OS Windows patch group dev, number two is OS Windows, number three is OS Windows Patch Group prod. And in Patch Manager we're going to define patch baselines. So the first patch baseline is attached to the default patch group which is when a patch group is not defined by default. And this is default yes. So any instance that doesn't have a specific patch group is going to get the first patch baseline ID. And the second one is running the patch group dev, which is not a default patch baseline. And we have a specific patch baseline ID. So thanks to this tagging the first instance which is under patch group dev is going to have the PB98, whatever, patch baseline ID. And the other two are going to have the PB0123 patch baseline ID because they are not tagged with a patch group dev. So here we're going to run a command and this command is going to be running a document called AWS Run Patch Baseline. And this can be initiated from the console, the SDK or the maintenance window. And then the run command itself will be applied to all these EC2 instances, from within obviously, to install the patches. Now, the SSM agent on these instances will query to the patch manager service to get an idea of which patches to include and to run thanks to the patch baseline. So this may seem complicated but hopefully this is something you understand. And then obviously you can have rate control, just like anything in SSM, using a maintenance window. So talking about maintenance windows, this is when you want to define a schedule for when to perform actions on your instances. For example, OS patching, updating drivers and installing software. For example, this could be done at night between 3:00 and 5:00 AM. And a maintenance window contains a schedule, a duration and a set of registered instances, as well as a set of tasks that can be run during that maintenance window. So hopefully that makes sense. From a exam perspective, what you need to know is that patch manager is used to patch your instances but that comes, I guess, naturally. And these patches can be run within a specific maintenance window with a specific rate control if you need to. Okay, that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.