Welcome back. In this video I will teach you to create an Azure Databricks cluster. So let's start. Go to your Databricks workspace. You already know how to reach here, right? Great. So this is the place from where we will be starting most of our lectures. We want to create a new Databricks cluster. So let me go to the compute menu. We can create an all purpose cluster from here. You can also create job clusters, SQL warehouse, and we also have an option to create a cluster pool. You can also create cluster security and access policies. I'll talk about these options in the later chapter, but for now, let's hit the Create Cluster button and create an all purpose cluster. The first thing is to give a name to this cluster. By default it shows Prashant Pandey's cluster. But you can change it. Let me change it to demo. Cluster. The next step is to choose the cluster type. You can create a multi-node cluster or a single node cluster. A multi node cluster will start the driver and executors on separate machines. The single node cluster will start on a single machine and your driver and executors will run on the same machine. Then you can select access mode. We have three options single user shared and no isolation shared. Let's go with the single user and I'll cover the three types later. The next option is to choose your Databricks runtime. You can go with the default runtime because that's the latest with long time support. You can also choose photon acceleration. The photon is a new accelerated query engine for spark, and it is designed to boost your query performance. It comes with some extra cost. We do not need it for learning purpose, so let me remove it. Great. The next option is to choose the worker node type. Your default selection might be higher and more expensive, so make sure you are choosing this appropriately. The minimum VM size is 14 GB of memory and four CPU cores, so for learning purposes choose the 14 GB and four CPU core VM. But remember this one is a VM configuration for each worker. If you are running two workers, you will have eight cores and 28 GB of memory at the worker end, right? The next option is to choose minimum and maximum number of workers. And these two options are related to auto scaling. You can see the enable Auto Scaling option here. This option is enabled by default. So what is auto scaling. Well you can define the minimum and maximum number of workers. The default setting is two minimum and eight maximum. You can change to whatever you want. I can even set it to a minimum of one and a maximum of two. Let me do that. So when I start the cluster, it should start with one worker. And depending upon the workload, Databricks will automatically increase it to two workers. I won't go beyond two workers because that's the maximum. Similarly, it will automatically terminate one worker when the workload comes down and reduce it to a single worker. So auto scaling will automatically scale up and down your cluster size depending on the workload. Make sense? Great. You can also switch on the auto terminate option. It is enabled by default. Databricks will terminate this cluster if my cluster is idle for one 20 minutes. I can change this value to ten minutes or anything above ten minutes. Let me set it to 30 minutes. That's an ideal and recommended setting for learning clusters. You must set an auto termination to your clusters to protect against unnecessary costs. You can restart it again even if it is terminated. The next option is to choose the driver VM. You can make it the same as worker or choose a different VM size. I am choosing the same size because that's the bare minimum I can get, and the bare minimum is more than enough for learning projects. Great! You can add some custom tags to your cluster. Some tags are automatically created. The tags are user defined metadata about the cluster. You can use these tags to identify them in a various reports. We also have some advanced options. You can specify default spark configurations and environment variables. Databricks will set these configuration and environment variables appropriately before launching the cluster. Once those configurations are set, they become default configurations for your spark cluster. You can change any of those configurations later for your application, but you can use this place to set some defaults. Databricks automatically sets good default values, so it is acceptable to skip this place and accept Databricks defaults. The cluster logs are not collected by default, but if you want, you can set the log location and Databricks will start collecting cluster logs. The last option is to specify the init script. This location is to supply a cluster specific init script. These are nothing but shell scripts to install or configure something on the VM, even before the spark cluster starts. That's all in the advanced options. Let me close it. You can also see the estimated cost of your cluster in this summary section. It shows you the estimated cost in DeBeers. But what is this debut per hour? The debut is known as the Databricks Unit. It is an indicator of the Databricks charges. They are showing 1 to 3 debut per hour for the selected configuration. That means Databricks will charge somewhere between 1 to 3 DB. For the one hour runtime of this cluster, you will get a consolidated bill from Azure, including debut and hardware costs for running these VMs and other resources. But debut is the cost to Databricks only. The total cost includes the debut cost plus the Azure resource cost. But what is debut and how does it translate to currency? Well, you can check the documentation for this, but I roughly take it as 1 USD for the debut. It is often less than 1 USD, but you can take it as 1 USD per DB. Great. You cannot create a multi-node cluster if you are on a Azure Free account, and Azure Free account subscription allows you to use four CPU cores at a time. That is the maximum limit set for the free account. This cluster configuration requires two worker nodes and one driver node. Each of these nodes should have four CPU cores, so the total comes to 12 CPU cores, right? But the free account can have only up to four CPU cores. So you cannot create this multi-node cluster using a free account. Azure will lift this restriction when you upgrade your subscription to a pay as you go plan, but nothing to worry about. Let's see what options we have in a single node. Let me change it to a single note. Here we are. Looks good. You can still choose your access mode. All these are supported. We do not have an auto scaling feature for single node clusters. Why? Because it is a single node cluster. Auto scaling is not applicable. A single node Databricks cluster is more than enough for learning and development activity, and you can easily create this cluster using your Azure free account. So I'll create this cluster and use it for learning this course, but nothing to worry about. I will create a multi-node cluster for some of the lessons. When having a multi node cluster is really necessary to understand some concepts. So we will use a single node cluster when it is not essential to have a multi node cluster. But when explaining things that need a multi node cluster is essential. I will create one using my pay as you go subscription and show you remove the photon engine because we do not need it. Good. Do not forget to check two things. Check the node type and your debut cost in the summary. Make sure you create a small learning cluster and keep your costs low. Set auto termination time to 30 minutes or lower. Great. Let me create the cluster. Great. Databricks is now creating and launching a cluster for us. It may take up to 5 to 7 minutes to start the cluster. I will pause the video and come back. Great. My cluster is now ready. Once your cluster is started, you will see some tabs at the top of the page. The first one is the notebooks tab. This tab shows the active notebooks that are attached to this cluster. We have nothing yet, so we do not see anything here. But when we start creating some notebooks, you will see them here. The next one is for libraries. This tab allows you to install additional libraries on your cluster. The next one is the event log. These are the log entries created during the start and stop times of the cluster. The next tab presents you with the spark UI. If you know his part, you already know it, right? You can change the tabs within the spark UI and look at the running jobs. But we do not have anything, so nothing is showing here. The next tab is a place to see your driver logs. You will see three sections here. The first one is a standard out. Then we have a standard error. And finally you have log forge output. The next one is for matrices. Azure Databricks comes with a ganglia metrics monitoring system pre-configured so you can go to Ganglia Metrics UI and look for cluster matrices. Databricks is also working on integrating apps such as web based terminals and RStudio. The last one is again a shortcut to the spark UI. It duplicates the same spark UI tab you have shown earlier. Now let's come back to the configuration tab. You can see the edit button here at the top of the page. So you can come back here and change the cluster configuration. You can even change the Databricks Runtime version. Change the auto termination duration. You can even change the node type. Some changes will apply without restarting the cluster, but others may restart the cluster. Let's cancel and come back. We also have a terminate button so you can terminate the cluster. Let me do it. So my cluster is no longer running. If you want, you can delete it permanently by going inside the more button. But let's not delete it for now. Come back to the compute menu to see the list of clusters. All your clusters are listed here. They might be terminated or running, but you can see them here. You can start your cluster if it is in the terminated state, but I am not starting it. Let me go back to my Azure portal. Let's see all the resources. Great. So you can see a bunch of resources now and you can see a virtual machine here. It is not running because I terminated my cluster, but I can still see the resource here in the terminated state. You can also see two disk resources, two network interfaces, and one public IP address. All these are created and used by Databricks for a single node cluster. They remain here in the resources list even if the cluster is terminated. Azure will still charge you for resources such as disk and public IP. That's a small amount, but you will get some charges. Now let me return to the Databricks workspace and permanently delete the cluster. Go back to the Azure portal after a few minutes and recheck the resource list. There will be all gone. Azure might take up to ten minutes to clean up the resources and refresh the resource list, but when you permanently delete the cluster, Azure will clean up the resources and they will not charge you anything. The point is straight. If you are learning, delete your cluster after the practice it will save you some cost. Great, that's all for this video. See you again! Keep learning and keep growing.