Welcome back. In this video, I will give you an introduction to Databricks Notebook. So let's start. Here is my Azure Databricks workspace. You can create notebooks using the shortcut on your workspace home page and write code. However, we recommend you to go to the workspace menu. Let me go there. Now expand the workspace folder. You can see shared and user folders already created there. These are default folders. Right click the workspace directory and create a new folder. Give a name to your folder. Right click the exercises and create a new notebook. Databricks will create a new notebook with a default name. You should change the name and give your notebook a meaningful name. Every Databricks notebook has a default language. This one is a Python notebook. You can see the default language of the notebook next to the notebook name. If you want, you can change the notebooks default language. We have four options Python, SQL, Scala and R. Let's keep it. Python. Databricks Notebook is your code file. You can write code in your notebook and run it. However, a notebook runs on a cluster, so you must have at least one Databricks Spark cluster already running. Then you can attach the notebook to the running cluster. We already learned to create clusters in the earlier lecture, but I deleted that cluster. So let me create a new cluster for running this notebook. Click this connect button at the top. If you have a running cluster, you can see that in the drop down list. But I do not have a cluster, so let me create a new one from here. Click create a new resource to create a new cluster. Choose the personal compute policy. Give a name to your cluster. Select 14 GB and four core VM. Choose a standard and latest runtime version. Review your summary to ensure you chose a low cost debut. Now hit the create button. Databricks will launch a new cluster and attach this notebook to the cluster, and once attached, you can execute your notebook code while the cluster is starting. Let me quickly talk about a notebook. Here is my notebook. It shows me a line number. Click on line one and you can start writing code here. We write code in notebook in small sections and each section is known as notebook cell. So I am currently in the first cell of the notebook. This box shown here is a notebook cell. The default language of my notebook is Python, so you can write Python code in this cell. Let me define a hello world string. Great. So you can press enter and write more Python code lines in the same cell. But let's keep a single line in this cell and run it. How do I run this cell? You can press Control Plus Enter to run the current cell. Or you can click this run button shown here. My cluster is already running and I can see the status at the top. So now I can run my code. Let me run this cell. That's all I defined a Python message string. You can see the output just below the cell. Now let me add one more cell and write code to print this message string in the next cell and run it. Then. And you can see the output here. And that's how the notebook works. You can write and run one or more lines in a notebook cell. Then you can write more code in the next cell and run that. This notebook is attached to a learning cluster. You can see it here at the top. So whatever code you are writing and running in the notebook is going to the cluster for execution. Then the notebook returns the output to you and shows it below the cell. Makes sense. Click on this cluster drop down. Move your cursor to the cluster name and see some menu items. Great. So you can see. Detach this notebook from the cluster and attach it to another cluster. I have only one running cluster, so it doesn't show me any other cluster. But in real life you may have multiple clusters such as dev and test clusters, so you can detach your notebook from the dev cluster and attach it to the test cluster. And you can run the same notebook in multiple environments. You also have some other options here. You can restart your cluster, detach and reattach your notebook directly, jump to the spark UI or go to the driver logs. Great. Let me close this. You also have some menu items. Let's look at the file menu. So the file menu allows you to create a new notebook. Clone this notebook, rename, move, delete and some other standard file operations. You also have this excellent export option. So you can export your notebook in four different formats. You can export it as a Databricks notebook archive, Python source file, IPython notebook, and HTML document. The most commonly used option is to export it as a Databricks archive. Once exported, you can import it anywhere again in another Databricks workspace. The import option is available in the workspace menu. Now let's go to the edit menu. The edit menu gives you a standard editing options such as cut, copy, paste of the notebook cells. I often use these find and replace options. You also have some code formatting options here. You can format an individual cell or an entire notebook. You can also set your Python indentation. Let me click. So the default indentation is four spaces. You can change it I like four so I will not change it. Great. The next one is the view menu. As usual, the view menu gives you options to change the visual presentation of the notebook. I have this standard view, but you can switch to results only and see only the results. You can also switch to a side by side view to display code and results. Let's try side by side. Looks good, right? Let me switch back to standard mode. The next one is the run menu. You can run all. Run a specific cell. Run all cells above the current position. Run all below and run only the selected text. The bottom of the run menu gives you options to manage outputs and notebook state. You can clear cell outputs and clear notebook state. So what is a state? Let's clear the state and output so I can explain it. Good. I created a variable in the first cell. Then I print it in the next cell. But the next cell does not know anything about what happened in the previous cell. Let me run the print message. It throws a name error. Why? Because it doesn't know anything about the MSG variable I defined in the previous cell. So I must go back and run the first cell. Once executed, the notebook maintains a state of the commands executed in the previous cells. Now I can return to the second cell and run it without any error. And that's what I mean by state. So you can clear the state using the clear menu. The next one is the help menu. The help menu gives you access to the list of keyboard shortcuts. We have two modes in the notebook. You are in the edit mode when you are in a cell with an active cursor. Press escape and you will come out of the specific cell and it becomes command mode. You can see the list of shortcuts here. Memorize some commonly used operations. For example, you can see that shift enter will run commands in the current cell and move the cursor to the next cell. The control enter will run the command but does not move the cursor. Great. The notebook environment also gives you some additional options in the right side menu. You have this comments option. This one is mainly used in a multi-user environment for adding review comments. For example, you can select some lines of code in the notebook and come back here to add comments for those lines. Other users can reply to the comments. That's a nice feature used over the shared notebooks for review and feedback loop. You also have an experiment menu mainly used by the data scientists. Then you have a revision history, so your notebooks are versioned every time you save them, and the workspace keeps track of the versions. You can return to the older notebook versions to restore old code. You have a variable explorer to debug and see the value of variables in your notebook. Finally, you have Python libraries to see what is installed. Choose the notebook in the type. You can see only Pip is pre-installed at your notebook level. Choose the cluster in the type and you will see nothing. So nothing additional is installed at the cluster level. Now choose the runtime and you will see. A lot of Python libs are pre-installed in the Databricks runtime. If you need anything additional, you can install it at the notebook level using the Pip command in your notebook. You can also install it at the cluster level, so the library is available to all notebooks on the same cluster. We will learn about the installation of custom libraries later, but you can see what is there from this place. That's all. Let's come back to the workspace home page. Click the Databricks logo at the top of the page. Great. Now you can see a shortcut to your notebook in the recent items, so you can directly jump to your notebook if you want to work on it again. However, you can also navigate to your existing notebook from the workspace menu. Great, that's all about the notebook introduction. See you again in the following lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.