Welcome back. In the earlier video, I gave you an introduction to Databricks notebooks. In this video, I will help you learn the Notebook Magic command. I will quickly introduce you to magic commands, and we will be using and exploring them in more detail throughout the course. So let's start. Here is my Databricks Workspace home page. I created a notebook in the earlier video. Let me open it again. Grade. I selected Python as the default language for this notebook. You can see it here at the top. Click that button and you can change the default language of your notebook. But that's not required. We usually choose one default language for the notebook, but we can mix other language codes in the same notebook. I chose Python as my default language because most of my code will be Python and PySpark, but I can also run SQL commands in the same notebook. Databricks offers you some magic commands to do that. The first magic command is percent sequel. Let me show you. Go to any cell to type percent SQL and press the new line. That's all. Now you can write SQL in this cell. My notebook is a Python notebook. So the default language for any cell in the notebook is Python. But using the magic command I can change the language of this cell. You can see that in the cells context menu it shows SQL here. Now you can write SQL expressions and run them. Let me show you. I do not have a database table yet, so I am writing a simple SQL expression. Let me run it. It works, right? Similarly, you can use the percent Scala magic command and write Scala code. Let's try it. But right. You can also use the percent Python magic command to run Python code, but my notebooks default language is Python, so using the percent Python magic command is not required. But if your notebook is a Scala notebook or SQL notebook, you must use the percent Python magic command for executing Python code. The following magic command is the percent empty command. Let me show you. Go to the first cell and add another cell above the current cell. That's how you can add a new cell to your existing notebook. Use the percent MD command, and you can use markdown language to add notes or documentation to your notebook. Let me type something and run this cell. That's all. You should learn a little about the markdown language and create excellent documentation within your notebooks. Where to learn markdown language? Just Google for it. You can find some quick tutorials in GitHub documents. The markdown is quite rich, allowing you to add links, images, and many other formatting options to create impressive documentation. Now let's come back to the last cell. And let me show you a new magic command. The next one is the percent FS command. This one allows you to run some common file system commands. Let me show you the LHS command. Great. Databricks comes with some pre-loaded datasets in your default Dbfs directory. You can see some of those here. Great. You can further explore any of these folders. Let me check the details of the airline dataset. So I am checking the list of files and folders available in the airline's directory. The percent FS allows you to use some file system commands over the distributed file system. That's powerful, but the percent FS command does not offer a complete set of Linux shell commands. But you can also use Linux shell commands. Let me show you. So you can use the percent magic command, which allows you to run Linux shell commands. The tail command is unavailable for the percent FS, but I can use the percent magic. Great, so we'll learn some commonly used magic commands. Here is the list. Databricks notebook also inherits a bunch of magic commands from IPython. You can get a complete list of available magic commands using the percent Lw's magic. Let me show you. So we have a lot here. But do not worry about all these magic commands. We will be learning the useful ones in the course, and you can get details of any magic command using the documentation. Magic. Let me show you. You can append a question mark in the magic command and see the documentation. You can also see the source code of the magic command appending double question mark. Let's try one. I can see the source code of the pip magic command. It is a Python function to run the given line of text with the pip system command. Great. So now we have this notebook with multiple cells and we are using multiple languages in different cells of the notebook. You can hit the run all button and run the entire notebook. And that's a powerful feature. You can create a sequence of code blocks in multiple languages for doing things that are easy to do in those languages, and run it as a single notebook. That's amazing, isn't it? Great. That's all about the magic commands. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.