Welcome back. In this video I will introduce you to Databricks Utilities, which we will use throughout the course. So let's start. Databricks offers you the following utilities. Many utilities are experimental under preview and not yet matured for production usage. However, FS notebook and widgets are the most commonly used utilities. I will introduce you to these and show examples of FS notebooks and widgets. However, the approach for using all these and any other upcoming new utility is the same. You can learn the mechanics of using one, and you will be able to use the others as and when needed. So let's start. Here I am on my Azure Databricks workspace. Let me create a new notebook for this lesson. Change the name of your notebook. Great Databricks DB utils is a package that offers you many utilities. Let me show you the list of currently available utilities. Good. So you can see a bunch of utilities listed here. The credentials utility allows you to show user roles and assume a user role within a notebook. The data utility allows you to understand a data set as on date. It only gives you a method to calculate some statistics on a data frame and give you a summary. The PFS utility gives you methods to interact with the Databricks file system. Dbfs. The jobs utility is to interact with the Databricks workflow jobs. The library utils allow you to locally compile an application that uses DB utils. The meta is not for metadata. It allows you to hook into the compiler. The notebook allows you to run a chain of notebook. The preview is for hidden utilities under preview. The secret is for accessing secure credentials from within the notebook. The widget is to create notebook parameters. You can see the documentation of these utilities using these second level help. For example, you can see the list of methods for the FS utility using the FS help. Let me show you. Good. The entire documentation for the PFS utility is listed here. In the same way you can check the documentation for other utilities. You can also get the documentation for a specific command. Let's assume you want to see the documentation for the CP command of the PFS utility. You can see it using the following. Great. So you know how to get help for any Databricks utility. Now let's try some of the most commonly used utilities. The first one is the file system utility. Let's start with the FS utility. The file system utility provides you with methods to perform some dbfs operations. So you can do copy head lz mkdir mv, put rm and mount operations. If you remember, we used the percent fs magic command in the earlier lecture. Let me show you once again. It works as a magic command. However, this magic command uses Databricks File System Utility behind the scenes, so you can do this same thing using the utility package. Let me show you. The results are the same, correct? They are being displayed differently, but the outcome is the same. But what is the benefit of using the file system utility package when we can easily use the magic command? The db utils package allows you to use the file system commands in your Python code. Let me show you. What am I doing? I am taking the list of directories using the utility package and looping through each item. You cannot do these things with the percent FS magic command. The DB utils allow you to leverage the power and flexibility of a programming language. Most of the file system utilities are straightforward. You have cp head, lz, mkdir, and other usual file system commands. They all behave similar to the Linux commands. The file system utility allows you to mount a cloud directory into the Dbfs, so you can mount your Amazon S3 or Azure ADLs directories to Dbfs using the FS dot mount function. I will show you the mountain later when we need to do that. Now let's look at the next utility. The next one is the notebook utility. Let me show you the help for this same. Great. So the notebook you tell offer you only two command, exit and run. The exit method is used to return an exit code from the notebook. The run method is used to call a notebook from another notebook. These two methods look simple, but they offer a powerful feature. Together, they allow you to design a modular spark application. You can create multiple notebooks, each taking care of one specific thing. Then you can have one main notebook calling the other notebooks. This allows you to create reusable spark code and design a modular application. I'll show you all that and how to take advantage of this feature in the later part of the course. But for now, let me show you how to use these two methods. Let me create a new notebook. Let's give it a name. I call it a child notebook. I will write some code here. Then in the next cell, I will exit from the notebook and return an exit code. Let me run it once and see if things are working. Great. Now I will go back to my first notebook. Let's go to the last cell and call the child notebook from here. The run method takes three arguments. The first argument is the full path of the child notebook. The second argument is a timeout in seconds. I am giving only two arguments here. The third argument is to pass some values to the child notebook. We have nothing to pass yet, but I will show you that feature shortly. So what am I doing here? I am calling a child notebook from a parent notebook. That is a powerful capability and I will teach you how to use it in real life projects. But for now, let's run it and see if this works. Then you can now see two things in the output. The first line shows a child's notebook job. And it is a link. Click that link to see what happened in the child's notebook. The next line shows the exit code. This is the same code that we returned from the child node. Correct. Click the notebook job to see what happened in the child's notebook. Good. So we have the print statement and its output. Then we have this exit statement and the exit code. So everything worked as expected. Let me come back to the parent notebook. Great. So you learned about the notebook utility. Now the next one is the widget utility. The widget utility allows you to add input arguments or parameters for a notebook. That's also a powerful feature. It allows you to write a parameterized code. I mean, a code that works for different values depending upon the input parameter. You will learn the real life usage of this feature during the project work towards the end of the course. But let me show you how to use the widget utility. Let me jump back to the child notebook. Good. Now I will add a new cell at the top of the notebook. Here it is. Before using the widget utility, let me show you the help. Great. So the Databricks widget gives you four methods to add arguments. The most commonly used method is the text method, but you can create combo box, a drop down list, a multi-select argument list in your notebook. Then you have the remove all to delete the arguments from the notebook. The most important one is the get method. The get method allows you to read the input argument value. Let me give you a quick demo to understand how it works. I will use the text method to create a text argument for this notebook. Replace the help method with the text method. The text method takes three arguments. The first one is the name of the input variable. The second one is the default value. So if no value is given, you will get the default value. Let me keep a null string there so we do not get any default value. The last argument is a label. Running and you will see a text box at the top of the notebook. The label is displayed here and you can type an input value in the text box. Whatever value we type in this text box will be assigned to a variable in the utility package namespace. You can retrieve the input value using the get method. Let me show you. Great. So I retrieved the input value in a Python variable. Now I can use it. Let me show you. So now I will concatenate the input value in the print message. Renamed. But it is not showing anything. It simply says I am a child. Notebook and received. That's all. Why? Because we did not set any value to the argument. The text box at the top is still empty. Place some value in the text box and run all. Now you can see that the variable has some value also printed there. What does it mean? Simple. You can define one or more variable inputs to your notebook, then get them in Python variables and use them in your code for testing the single notebook. You can set the input values in the text box, but the real magic of these input values is seen when you call this notebook from the parent notebook. Let me show you. Go back to the parent notebook. We are calling the child notebook from here, right? But the child notebook now accepts one argument. So I can pass the argument value from here. Let me do it. The argument list goes as a set of key value pairs. Even if we have a single argument, we must send it as a list of key value pairs. Let me run it. Completed. Let me hit this child notebook job and see what happened. Great. You can see this output string here. We got the value that we passed from the parent notebook right. Great. So that is all about the Databricks utilities. Let me quickly summarize. Databricks offers you many utility modules. Some of them are still experimental and not yet mature. However, we have three most commonly used utilities that we will be using in our course and project. You can use file system utilities to read and interact with your Dbfs file system. You can bring the values from your file system to Python variables and use them in your notebook. Notebook utilities allow you to chain your notebooks. You can call one notebook from another notebook. These notebooks can also return an exit code to check whether the notebook calls succeeded or failed. Widget utility allow you to add parameters to your notebook, and you can set values to these parameters while calling them from the parent notebook. Great. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.