If you choose to follow along with the hands on activities in this course, you might want to set up a billing alarm just to make sure that you don't inadvertently leave something up and running that might cost you money. If you just follow along with the instructions here and clean up after yourselves like we show you, it shouldn't cost you more than a couple of bucks to get through this course, but it is all too easy to leave something up and running by mistake and end up with a big, nasty surprise on your AWS bill. So it's a good idea to go to your console here. Once you've created your AWS account, search for billing and let's set up an alarm so we get notified if our expenses start to exceed a threshold that we're not comfortable with. From here, just go down to budgets and planning and select budgets and create a new budget. Use the template. If you're not comfortable with spending anything, you can select zero spend budget. But again, you're not going to get through this course for free. If you truly don't want to spend anything, then you should just watch the videos for those activities instead of following along. Hands on. But if you have a certain budget per month that you want to stick within, you can select monthly cost budget, enter the amount that you are comfortable spending, let's say $20, and specify an email address that you want to get notified if you exceed that amount for the month. So by setting this up, if I start to exceed more than $20 in expenses from AWS in the month, I'll get an email so I can go and look into what I forgot to shut down and try to fix that before it racks up into something more substantial. Once you're done, hit Create Budget and then you will automatically get notified if you have any lingering resources that might rack up a bill that you don't want. So good idea to do that just to cover yourself and protect yourself, because it is all too easy to forget to shut something down and leave an expensive resource running for the entire month. You don't want that to happen, so take a moment to protect yourself and set up a billing alarm here. And with that, let's move forward.