All right. So the real exam is not just going to be trivia about all these services we've talked about. It's going to be about how do I put these services together to make larger applications. So let's fill in a few gaps that we haven't really touched on enough. I think in the course previously, we've certainly covered a lot of architectural discussions coming up to this, but this section is just about kind of filling in some gaps that we left before and reinforcing a few things. So let's take a look at an example system here. Now it's important to realize that there's more to generative AI applications than just bedrock. I mean, bedrock is going to be taking care of the actual AI part of it, but that's not all you need for an application. So there's more to a production system than just bedrock. And I stumbled across kind of a really cool resource here called the generative AI Application Builder on AWS. You can go search for that. Or if you have the copy of the slides, there's a link for that here as well. And what it is is just a collection of CloudFormation templates for some common generative AI application patterns. So here's an example of one here that we can walk through. And just kind of use that as a base to start off from. So over on the left here we have basically users talking through some client application. Maybe it's a web app, maybe it's a mobile app. I don't know, it's something and all it's doing is doing some sort of a LM based, um, agentic AI based thing using Amazon Bedrock agent under the hood. So way over there at number seven, we have bedrock sitting there kind of tucked away. Right. But there's all this other stuff around it that's important too. So for any application, the first thing you're going to need is the actual UI for it. And that's probably going to be largely static content. So that might just be stored in Amazon S3, the actual HTML or whatever resources it is, the images and whatnot. And you would probably have CloudFront sitting in front of that to make it more scalable. Right. So first thing we're going to do is hit CloudFront for the actual bones of the application itself. Once we have that downloaded and all the resources and code and whatnot that we need on the client side, we can then maybe go to authenticate the user. So the idea here is that we have an application that's probably dealing with some sort of a personal information or information that's at least tied to an individual somehow. So to do that, we need to authenticate. And we don't want to be hitting Cognito directly from the outside world. We're going to go through API gateway instead. Right. So step three here is to actually sign in. We're going to go to API gateway. Hit a Lambda function that then in turn calls Cognito. And maybe then that same lambda function says okay, I know who you are. Now let's go off to Amazon DynamoDB and retrieve which IAM policies are associated with that identity. And then we can pass those IAM policies around those IAM roles and whatnot, to make sure that you actually have the appropriate permissions to view the data that we're going to be showing you later on. All right. So now that we know who you are, we can actually then do gen AI stuff. Right. So again we're going to have lambda sitting between the actual API calls and bedrock agent itself. And in this particular example they've also stuck an SQS queue in between API Gateway and Lambda where it's actually doing the orchestration for our AI stuff. And again, that's just sort of a buffer in case Lambda gets backed up or you have a big surge in traffic and you need to sort of queue things up to recover, right. Now let's talk about the security side of things here too. So you can see that everything's going through this big virtual private cloud over here on the right, a VPC. And within that VPC, we in turn have things split up between two availability zones and an even higher level. All this stuff is just within a single region. So you might duplicate this all across multiple regions as well. But you can see that we have a VPC to VPC Nat connection here that's aligned to Lambda to talk into this virtual private cloud to keep things nice and safe. And then we have VPC gateway endpoints and interface endpoints coming out of it as well to talk to the back end services that we need. So imagine that our Lambda function is calling Lang chain, which is just a Python library for orchestrating AI stuff. Right. And this could be any other orchestration method you might want to, you know, I mean it could be flows, could be strands, agents, whatever. But it's going to talk to that VPC in that there to actually get into our VPC. And then in turn talk to bedrock agent. And maybe it's pulling in some information from DynamoDB along the way as well. Could be other stuff too. You know, maybe I need to retrieve some contextual information from Kendra or from a bedrock knowledge base along the way to that same lambda function might manage that, too. All right. So we've actually done some AI stuff here at this point. That's the bones of the application. This particular example here also has a feedback loop in it as well. So we have a mechanism for users to submit their feedback on the quality of the results. And that's what's going up on the top loop here. So in that case we have a web application firewall WAF sitting in front of the API gateway to make sure that nobody's going to be, uh, dosing our feedback API. That in turn talks to Lambda, which again goes through our VPC and out the other end, it might be storing that information in S3 where it might be analyzed later on. Finally, off to the right here we have CloudWatch sitting on top of everything. And it has its own interface endpoint there to kind of keep track of everything that's going on and logging all the activity that's happening for auditability purposes later on, and debugging whatever it might be. All right. So this is just one example of a AI system built using the generative AI Application Builder. Again, I'd encourage you to go through that site and see what else it has to offer. It might be a good review and spark some ideas on how to put some of these pieces together, because again, that's what the exam is all about.