So let's take a look at a couple of simpler examples here, and how we might use these different services to piece together an actual functional application. So let's start with an internal application. This is just going to be an internal application for some legal Q&amp;A chatbot. Okay. So because it's internal we don't need to worry about massive scale or people attacking us right. We don't need DDoS protection because, well, hopefully nobody inside our company is going to be dosing ourselves. So we're just going to hit the API gateway directly here for this particular application. Don't have to worry about CloudFront or AF for these internal applications, right? But from there on it's going to look pretty similar whether it's internal or external. So the first thing we're going to do from API gateway is call AWS Lambda to kind of orchestrate what we're doing. And because this is legal information, you know, we probably need to have some sort of a trail here, right. So we're going to have to log someone in. And to do that authentication we might use Amazon Cognito. Once we have that identity incognito we can then build sort of a user profile that contains that person's permissions and pass that along. In this case to bedrock. Now in this case Kendra would be an appropriate tool for bedrock retrieval if we had a requirement for document level access control. Again, ACLs is going to be a key feature of Kendra. And we also want to talk to SharePoint. It turned out. So imagine a scenario where you have an internal legal chatbot where you need to have ACLs at the document level and you need SharePoint integration. Kendra is probably your beast for that, right? And Kendra can talk to bedrock and use that for some additional contextual information that we then pass on to the generation phase to actually do a generate call on bedrock and produce our output. Okay. Now you could get more fancy here and have, you know, more stuff surrounding this, like, uh, you know, CloudTrail or CloudWatch and whatnot to do auditing and logging and everything else. I'm just going to smooth over that. Obviously there's going to be, you know, security aspects to it, how you actually structure the VPCs around this. Again, we talked about that a little bit earlier, but at a high level I'm just kind of sticking to this kind of what are the building blocks here and how do we put them together. All right. Again we're using Cognito in this case for authentication. And that user context will be passed through all the way through Bedrock and Kendra for authorization as well. In this case, bedrock is being used for retrieval using Kendra for documents used for grounding that retrieval stage. Okay, so as a counterexample, let's take a look at something that's customer facing. So in this case we're making a chatbot that is exposed to the external world. And in this case we're definitely going to need something like WAF and CloudFront sitting in front of that before it hits the API gateway, because we want to make sure we aren't getting hit by bots that are going to run up our AWS bill. Right. And really, in a real world scenario, you probably would still need to have some sort of authentication, like, are you really going to open up a system to the world where anybody can log in and call bedrock on your dime? Probably not. Right. You need some control on top of that. So you might actually have a Cognito step here as well, like we did in the previous architecture. But anyway, putting that aside in this more simple application, this is kind of like, you know, the general starting point for any customer facing bedrock application. WAF goes to CloudFront and then that goes through API gateway that goes to Lambda. Lambda in turn can call bedrock for retrieve and generate, which might be in turn calling Amazon OpenSearch as a either as part of a knowledge base or maybe even directly. So this is basically your starting point for any external facing chatbot. You're going to have WAF going to CloudFront from CloudFront, maybe going to API gateway. The idea here is that your API could have some things that can be cached on CloudFront still, you know, so it's a little bit of a extra insurance against controlling your prompt or your token costs. That in turn will call Lambda, which will do the stuff needed to orchestrate the response. Maybe that talks to bedrock, which just talks to a knowledge base that's pulling data from OpenSearch. Maybe it's serverless, maybe it's managed probably serverless. And that Lambda function could potentially do other stuff too, right? So maybe it's calling OpenSearch directly. Maybe it's calling other databases to get contextual information. Maybe it's calling Kendra. I don't know. Whatever it needs to do. Right. Depends on your application. And again, if there is personal or private information involved, even if there isn't, if you just want to control access to this thing because bedrock can get expensive, you might want to integrate Cognito as well. Now these requirements that you have might also involve guardrails. So I'm kind of lumping everything into that bedrock box there. But remember, bedrock is a pretty huge system that can also incorporate guardrails to make sure that people aren't making nasty requests and you're not giving back nasty responses. Also, think about the ingestion side. So how do we get that data into Amazon OpenSearch to begin with? That might also be something you need to architect, right. So one possible pipeline would be that you have data that's getting dumped into S3. Maybe EventBridge finds out when those events happen of new data being either added or modified within S3. That could then in turn talk to a lambda function that goes and talks to bedrock to create embedding vectors for that new information, which then in turn stores that in OpenSearch for use in this larger application. So there's also architecture on the ingestion side as well. All right. Again not a comprehensive look at its potential architectures. And of course there are many many many many ways of doing it. But I just want to kind of get you wrapping your head around how to put these things together into building larger systems. We'll see more of those in the practice exam at the end of the course for sure. But you know, this is just a taste of things to come.