Now that we understand the database objects that we can create within Databricks, let's start creating some of those. So I'm going to create a new notebook under the demo folder and I'm going to call that one as, 6.sql objects. And this time I'm going to pick the default language as SQL, because we are mostly going to be working on SQL rather than Python, and we'll attach to a cluster and click Create. So in this lesson, these are the things we're going to do. So we're going to start looking at the SQL documentation. This is slightly in a different place to the API documentation that we've seen previously. I'm going to show you how to create a new database. We'll create one called Demo, and then I'll show you the Data tab, which you can see here. And then we look at the SHOW and the DESCRIBE commands, which will let you examine the metadata within the Hive Meta Store. And also I'll show you how to find out the current database so that actually you know which database you are working on. So let's start with the Spark SQL documentation. And if you come over to the Spark documentation home page, under Programming Guides, you'll see SQL, DataFrames and Datasets. And here, if you click on SQL Reference, then you're going to get all of these SQL documentation. So things like DDL statements or here the DML statements are here. So let's click on the DDL statements. We're going to create a database first. So if you go into create database, then you'll see the options here. So you can create a database, as we said database and the schema are synonymous. So it is exactly the same thing in the Spark context here. So you can create a database and you can specify if not exists, so that means if it already exists, it's not going to create that database. And you give the database name and you can give a comment and the database directory and you can set some properties as well. So I'd encourage you to go through this. But let's switch over to our notebook and start creating the database. So let's create the database first. As we said, we are going to create the database demo. So you may have noticed we didn't use the Magic command % SQL, because we are in a SQL notebook. So it is simply create database demo should create the database for us. So that database now exists. But one thing we saw previously in the documentation is, if not exist clause. So if I rerun this command, it's going to fail saying actually the database already exists. So if you are going to have these kind of DML statements in your notebook which are running on a daily basis, you want to put, if not exit so that it doesn't fail if the database already exists. So now when I run it, it hasn't done anything because the database already exists, otherwise it will just create one for us. The next thing we wanted to look at is the Data tab. So let's go to the Data tab, that's this one here. In order to look at what's in here, you need to have a cluster running. So in our case, we have the database course cluster that I created is running. So that's why it's listing all the metadata here. So here we've got two databases. We've got the default database that's always there. You don't create it that's being created for you. Uh, and when we did the initial demo, one of the demos, we imported some data and created the table using the UI, that's why we got the circuits_CSV file there. And we've created the new database here called demo, and that doesn't have any tables as we expected, because we haven't created any tables here. So if I switch back to default, you can see the table and if you click on that one, it'll give you some of the metadata here. So things like you've got the schema and then it's going to give you some tables as well. So that's what you can see in that Data tab. And also we got a bit of history. So it will tell us actually when we did it, whether we copied any data into it. So we created this table. And that's a managed table, as you can see, is managed is set to True. While we created the table, we also copied some data into that. So that's where it's got data as well. So you've got the history tracks, the full history of what's going on and it'll keep all of that information and you can come and have a look here as well. So let's switch back to our notebook. You saw using the UI, how to look at the databases. But you can do the same thing from the notebook itself. And this comes quite handy, a lot of the times. So you want to know these things. So SHOW databases would list all the databases available. So as you can see, we got the default and the demo. Let's now look at the DESCRIBE command. DESCRIBE Command lets you describe an object. In our case, we only have databases here, so let's do the database. So either you can go the abbreviated DESC or you can do the full describe word in there and you need to specify what you're describing, Is that a database or a table? So in our case, it is a database. So I'm going to say demo. Okay. So as you can see, it's described the database demo. We got the database name. We got the location where the database is going to write the files to. And the owner in this case is root. And if you specified any comments that will be here as well. Every DESCRIBE command, you can add an optional keyword called EXTENTED here, and that will give you more information. So it is quite simple, In the case of database, it's going to give you any properties. So as you saw, we can give a list of properties to that one. And if we specified any of those, you're going to see them here. But in our case, we got nothing for the database. But when you look at the table, there will be a lot more information as well. So the extended keyword, you can use it on a database that's as we've done here. You can use it on a Table as well or a View or whatever, really. So the next thing I want to show you is the current database. So how do we specify which database we are working on? Because when you create a table without a qualifying database name, it will create that table in the current database. So you can run SELECT current_database, that will tell you what is our current database. Current database, normally is default and I'll show you how to search that. So if I did SHOW TABLES here, it's going to list me all the tables in the current database, which is our default database, because default is the current database. But say we wanted to see the tables in our demo database. We got two choices. One is you can specify here the name of the database, IN, I can say demo. And that's going to give me all the tables under the database demo. In this case, there are no tables. Or the other option is we can change the current database. So if I did use and then put the database name, which is demo, it's going to search that. So if I run that statement again, select current database, I will see that my current database is demo and when I do SHOW TABLES, It's going to list no tables because there are no tables. So that's been changed. But if I did SHOW TABLES IN default, it's going to show us that one table we already have. So that's the end of this lesson and I'll see in the next one.