In this lesson we are going to look at manage tables in SPARC. So first we're going to create a managed table using Python, and then we'll look at how to create a manage table using SQL. And also we'll drop onto the table so that we can see the effect of dropping the managed table. Because the difference between managed table and external table is that when you drop a manage table, you drop the data as well. In the case of external table, the data reminds us it is just the metadata gets dropped. And then finally we'll look at describing a table as well. So let's get started. So I've just run this one. So that is just to get the variables for our folder parts being available. So the first thing we want to do is to create a manage table using Python. Because we are in a SQL notebook, we need to use the magic command to switch to Python. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to use the race underscore results file that we created. And read that into a dataframe and save that as a table. So the data frame that we create would be saved as a table, and then we'll see that in SQL. So let's do that. Let's start by creating the data frame first. Okay. The data frame now has the data. The next thing we want to do is write that data into a table. So you do similar to what we did. So we're going to use the API to write the data. So that will be race results data frame. Right. And then we need to specify the format of the data in the table. We'll still use the park data park format. And here is the difference. What we're going to do is we are going to use this method called Save us table. And then we need to give the name of the table. So when we give the name of the table, we want to qualify that with the database name. So that will be Demo Dot. I'm going to call this one. As race results underscore Python, just to say this was created by the python. So let me execute that one. So what I have missed here is the magic command. So let me do that. And that table is now created. So a couple of options for us to have a look at that so we can go to the data tab. And then on the demo, we can see we got the race results and the score Python table. And if you go there, you've got this schema and you've got a sample data as well. So that's that looks as we expected. Or you could just do the show tables. So that's going to give us the tables from the default database. So as we did before, we can use the demo database or you can even say show tables in demo. So I've done the use demo and then show us tables and we got the table here and now we can describe the table as well. So let's do that now. So describe would give you the data, column names, data types and things like that. But describe extend that is quite useful. And that's going to give you a lot more information. So if we scroll down. So as you can see here, we got the detailed table information which has got information about who is created it, what time it was created, and last access created by Spark in this case and type. That's the key one. So we created a managed table. We didn't specify that we want to create a managed table, but the way you do that is you do the save as table without a path. I'll show you how to create an external table in a minute. And as you can see here, the location of the table is under DB, FS User High Warehouse Demo DB, and then you've got the table name. I've used the Dbf location here, but when you create the database, you can give a different location, as we saw that in the documentation. If you use the different directory, then it will put the table under that directory as well. Let's now try and select some data from the table. It'll be exactly the same as what you did from the views. I normally tend to qualify all my tables with the database name so that we know which database we are reading the data from. But as I said before, you can use the use to search the current database and then not qualify your table names. But this is my preference and I would encourage doing this. That's because a lot of times you might be joining up tables from different databases and coding the data from there. One, it makes it obvious to know which database you are getting the data from. And two, when you have multiple tables, current database one lets you set one of the databases, you still have to qualify the others. So this is this is my recommendation, but it'll be up to you. So let me do run this query. So as you can see, we got the result. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to filter the data for one 2020. Okay. So that's how you run your SQL statements on a table. The next thing we want to do is we want to create the manage table using SQL. So there are ways you can do so. You can, for example, create a manage table and then insert data into that table. Or if you're familiar with other relational databases, you can use cetus or create table as statements. So we're going to use the create table as statement. I'm going to copy this. And all you have to do is create a table. And instead of race results, Python, I'm going to call this one a sequel and use as create table race results underscore SQL as that select statement. So what's going to happen is I'm going to get this results which is restricted to one 2020 and select that data and put it into a new table called race results Equal. We don't specify the location. The location is taken from the database itself and it will be a managed table. So let's run this statement. I should have specified the database, but I think we switched the database to demo, so that means it's created there. So let's do a select from current database. And that's demo. So it's okay. It doesn't make any difference. But I would have normally qualified that with the database name. So let's describe this table now. Let's scroll down to the bottom and see whether that's a managed table. And as you can see, that's a managed table. And the location is, again, user high warehouse demo. DB Race results underscore SQL. I'll show you how and where to see these files. I'm going to just duplicate this tab so we can create we can open up another one. And if I go to the main page and if I go to explore data under DB, FS user Hive Warehouse and Demo DB is the one that we created. And then the demo DB we got, the two files are two folders, the rest results equal and the Python one. So what we're going to do is we're going to drop this drop one at the tables and then I'll show you what the effect is. So let's drop the SQL table. So in order to do that, you run the drop table command. And Demo dot race results underscore SQL. So that table's now dropped. So let's do a show tables in demo database. So we should only. See one of the tables, which is the Python one and the SQL tables now dropped. So what that means is that information has been wiped out from the high metal store. It doesn't know about that table anymore. But the important thing is we want to look at whether that data exist in our file system. So let me just do a refresh. Of the UI and then come to use Hive House Demo DB. And as you can see, we only have Python now. We don't have that SQL table that we created because it's a managed table. Then you drop the table, it drops both data as well as metadata. So that is the main thing you need to bear in mind when you come to differentiate between a managed and an external table. I hope you've got an understanding about what a managed table is now. In the next lesson, we'll talk about external tables and I'll also reinforce the concepts around manage tables so you know exactly what the difference is between the two. I'll see then.