In this lesson, we are going to create an external table using Python like we did before, as well as using SQL. And also, I'll show you the effect of dropping an external table. So we'll use the same dataframe that we used for our managed table, which is the race_results.df. And this is the statement we had to create our managed table. The only difference between this and to create an external table is to specify an option that will include the path for the files to be written. So as options, we'll specify the path. I'm going to specify the path as, wherever we want the data to be returned to. So let's write the data to our presentation folder path. So that will be the presentation folder path. And under that, we don't want to overwrite the race_results file. And I'm going to call this one as race_results_ext for external and then we can say py for Python. And we'll do the same thing here. So that will be ext_py. So let me go over. So we got exactly the same as what we did before, but we're going to specify the path, where the data to be written to, and that we choosing our presentation folder path and the name of the folder, there would be race results ext py. And that's the same name I've used for the table as well. So let's run this. So that's completed. Let's describe this table and see what the difference is between what we had for the manage table and this one. So if I scroll down, we should be able to see the detailed information. So as you can see, the type of the table now is external and the location is our mount, because we use the presentation layer for us. So that is the dbfs/mnt/Formula1dl presentation and that's the folder name. So let's go into our storage explorer and have a look at that folder path as well. Just to be sure that it's there and that's under the presentation folder in my Formula1 dl storage account, I'm going to just do a quick refresh and as you can see, I've got race results_ ext_py there, which is a parquet file. So let's go back to the notebook now. Let's now look at creating the external table using SQL statements. In case of the managed table, we use to create table a statement to do that, which you can do exactly the same thing. But I want to show you how to create a table and then insert data into that. So in this case we are going to create an external table, but it will be the same thing you would do for managed as well. I want to show you both techniques. So in order to do that, you would use the create table statement and I'm going to call my table as the same name except for py, we will use SQL and then we need to specify the schema for the table. I've already prepared that one just to save a bit of time, so I'll quickly copy and paste that. And that's got race year, race name, date and everything as we know. And we need to specify the format of the file. In our case, I want to create the table with the parquet file so it will be parquet. And the one difference between Managed table and this one is we need to specify the location. If we're creating a managed table, we would stop at this. But for an external table we need to specify the location. So I want to put the data into our presentation layer again. So that is under /mnt/Formula1dl /presentation /, I tend to normally use the folder name as the table name, so that is race_results_ ext_sql. So let me run that one. So what that's done is just created the table. There is no data in the table. So if I did show tables in demo db, that will show me all the tables and that should show me this table as well, which is the ext sql. But if I switch to my storage account and look for the SQL folder, it won't be there. So we got the race results ext py, but not this SQL. We need to insert data into this, but I want to show you quickly where the documentation is for these things. Last time when we came here under SQL, we came into Data Definition Statements, but you've got Data Manipulation. So as part of Data Manipulation, you've got the Insert and the Load statements. We're going to use the Insert statement to do that. So what you do is you do insert into table and then you specify the values. So there are a few ways of doing that. The first way is you use the insert into table using the values, but you can only pass in like one record at a time, which you don't want to be doing, or you specify more than one, but you have to put them like this. We don't want to do that. We want to select from a table and then insert into this table. So for that you can use the select sorry Insert using Select statement. So you do like this insert into the target table, which is the new one we've created. If we had a partition, we can specify a partition. In this case we don't have a partition and then you can put your select statement there. So let me switch back and write that statement. So in our case, we are going to be inserting into the new table that we created, which is the SQL table. And let's select the data from the other table that we've created already in. In a real project, you would probably select it from your raw table and then insert into the, for example, your processed layer or your presentation layer. But in our case, let's just take this one. This is just for demo and like we did before, let's just pick one of the race years so that we're not writing a lot of data. If you run this one, what's going to happen is, we're going to select the data from this table, which we've already created and filter down to only 2020 and then insert into this table, which is the new external table be created just high up here. So that's now completed. And if I just do a select from this table, let me do a select count * from this table, I would see the 340 records as we expected. But the important thing we want to do is to go over to the storage explorer and see the folder. So the folder should appear here. So as you can see, the folder is here. So when you create an external table, it's just a table that's being created, which is the metadata has been created in the Hive Meta Store, or you could call it that you've registered an external table. But when you insert data into that table, that's when the data gets written into your object storage, in our case, which is ADL's. If you're in AWS, that will be S3  for example. So the last thing we want to do is to see what happens when you drop an external table. So let's drop this table. Before we do that, I'm going to do show tables in our demo database just to list all the tables there. And then now we're going to drop this table and we expect to see that table being removed from the meta store. If I just rerun this one, one more time and that table has now disappeared. But, the data here will stay as it is. So it's not going to change. It's exactly staying as it is. So that's the difference between external table. In the case of external table, you are controlling the data. So if you wanted to remove this data, you will have to run commands to remove data from the file system separately. Dropping the table itself won't have an effect. The beauty of this is I could simply come here and then run this statement now, which is create a table on this location. I don't even have to insert the data because the data is already there. So if I just run the Select Count * one more time, it'll give me all the data. So that is 340 records. So that's how it works, because it is our presentation layer we played with. I'm going to remove these two folders so that it's clean. I should have really created a separate container called Demo and then worked on that one for the demo purposes. But it's okay. We can just remove it and tidy up from our project space. So let's click Yes. So that was two folders have been deleted and the table could stay as it is, because it's just on a demo database. So just to recap, the difference between external and managed tables is that, in the case of managed table Spark manages or Spark, maintains both metadata as well as data. But in the case of external tables, Spark only maintains the metadata and we externally maintain the data itself. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.