In this lesson, we are going to look at Views that you can create on tables. If you're coming from a relational database background, it will be familiar. But the difference between a table and a view is that, tables are supported by data and they store data. In our case, the tables, the managed as well as the external tables that we created have underlying data stored in our Azure Blob storage or the Azure Data Lake storage. But a view is simply a visual representation of that data. So in in this case, we'll be creating views on top of the tables. So when you execute a view, it doesn't have any data in itself. It's going to query the data from the tables and then give you the results back. So that's the main difference between a Table and View. If you remember from a couple of lessons back where we created temporary views on dataframes. The concepts are pretty much the same, except that here you're going to use the SQL syntax to create views on top of tables themselves rather than dataframes. But we have the concept of the temp view and the global temp view, and they work exactly the same way. So temp view for example, is only accessible within this Spark session, It's not available outside of the Spark session and the global temp view is available within the Spark application, so that means any notebook that's attached to the cluster can access that global temporary view. So if you're unclear about any of these, please go back and watch those videos. But we'll just quickly create those temporary views here and I'll show you how that's done using the SQL syntax. So the way you do that is CREATE TEMP VIEW and it'll be you can call it a name, So I'm going to call mine as v_race_results. As, so that is like a create table as statement. So it is create view as and then you specify the table from which we want to select the data. So I'm going to get the data from our managed table, because that's the only one which is got data. The moment we drop the data from the other two external tables. So let's do that. And if you wanted to apply a filter, you can do that. You can do any kind of transformations you want to do. So I'll just simply apply a filter just to show you how that's done. And when I run this one, it's going to create the temporary view. So that's because I haven't qualified it with the database name. I restarted the cluster. I'm on the default database. So it's it's better I show you why that's happened. So if you do SELECT and then if you did a CURRENT DATABASE, that will give us the current database. And that is default. So it's looking for that table under the default database. And now that I've qualified it with demo, it's going to find that table, or I could have used the use statement, use demo to switch to the current database as demo, but I'm going this way. Now, It should create the View for us. So let's run that statement and we should have the view. So if I do a SELECT * FROM the view, I should be able to see the data. So that's brilliant. That's worked. So we limited to race year 2018, that's what we see in the 2018 data. The next view we wanted to create is the Global Temporary View. But before that, let me tell you, if we rerun this statement again, it's going to fail because the view already exists. So in order to get around this, you can use the CREATE OR REPLACE  statement, so that means if the view already exists, it won't try and recreate it. Otherwise it'll just create the view for us. So this notebook will become re runnable by doing this. Let's now create the Global Temporary View. So I'm going to copy that statement and put it here. And the difference here again, is the one keyword global here. So it's going to be create or replace global temp view. And I'm going to call this one as gv_test results or race results. And let's pick data from, say, 2012. And again, in order to select data from this table, you have to use the global_temp database and then use the table name. So that will give us the data. I'll show you why we needed to use the global temp. We explained that previously, but let me quickly show you, because that database is the one which is going to have the View. So I'm going to do show tables here and it's not going to have that view, but if I just qualify that with show tables in global temp, you should be able to see that view which is gv_race results. That's why we need to use global temp.gv_race results to get the data. Again, similar to what we said previously, this global temporary view is not only available in this Spark session, which is this notebook, it can be accessed from another notebook which is attached to this cluster. So that's the difference between the Temp View and the Global Temp View. So the last thing we want to do is to create a permanent view. So this view would be registered on the Hive Meta Store and it is permanent. So even if you detach from the Databricks cluster or terminate the cluster and restart or from another cluster, you will still be able to use it. So let's do that. So in order to do that, we just simply remove the global and the temp here, and I'm going to call this one as pv for a permanent view, and I'm going to get data from, say, 2000. And if I do a SHOW TABLES, I would see that view in the default database. As you can see here, default database has got that view now. So if we simply go over to the Data tab, you would be able to see that view under the default database. But we wouldn't want to put anything under the default database. So it's normally advisable to put it into a named database, which is created by us. So let's put it into the demo database. And now that will be created under the demo database. We still have the other view that we can drop. But if I do show tables in demo, you're going to see that view as well. So we have the view here called pv_race results. And I'll just quickly detach and re-attach to the cluster and you will still be able to see that view. So if I go over to Data, under demo you're going to see that view, it'll be there. And also if I just run the select statement on this view, you're going to be able to see that data as well. So that is pretty much permanent and you can come and access that view any time you want to. So that's how the permanent views work. You might be wondering when to use which view, so as we said before, if you want to create a view and use it within the notebook and then you think it's not going to be useful anywhere else, you would create a temporary view. So that is only available within the Spark session, which is the current notebook. But if you want to create a set of views and then use it in the other notebooks within the same application, and then once you've done that batch process or a job, you don't need those views anymore because we produce the outputs and written to, for example, tables. Then you go for a global temporary view. But if you want to have views which you want to be able to come back and access, then you want to create permanent views. A typical scenario where you might want to have a permanent view is you have a table with a lot of data which is being populated by pipelines and then you have some dashboards accessing these tables. But the data needs to be summarized for the dashboards. You can create some views and the results of the views could be used in the dashboards, so they could be permanent views. So that's about the views on SQL tables. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.