As we discussed, we want to create external tables for our raw data. So in order to do that, let's create a new notebook. But we don't have a folder for raw at the moment, so let's create a folder first. So I'm creating a new notebook called create raw tables, and that's a SQL notebook. And let's click Create. And I also want to create a new database so that we can keep all the raw tables in a separate database or schema, whatever we want to call it. And it's easier to find them. So let's do that first. I'm going to do create database, f1_raw. So the database is now created. We can look that under data, and that's the database with no tables at the moment. As we discussed previously, very similar to the tables, you can also do create database if not exists. So this becomes a re-runnable script or a notebook. So the next thing we want to do is to create the tables. So let's start with the circuits table. If you remember, the circuits file is a CSV file and we've examined the data already when we did the injection for the circuits file. So let's pick that script up that will give us all the information we need in order to create these raw external table. So I'm going to open this in a new tab. So this is the CSV file that's under the raw folder path circuits.CSV, and that file had this structure here as we defined. And it's got the header as True, and that's the schema that we've defined. So it's quite a simple file. So we're going to use this information to create our create table statement. The only difference will be that instead of using these kind of struct types and struct fields, we'll be using the DDL style of schema. So let's do that. I've already prepared the schema for us just to speed up the time. And the next thing we want to do is we want to give the format of the file. In this case, we as we said, it's a CSV file, so let's use using CSV. And the next thing is we want to specify the path. There is a couple of ways of doing it, you can use the location option to do it, but I'm going to use path here and you specify the path here. We have got that under the Raw Mount for us. So that's created the table. And let me just do a select from the table here, and the data looks okay, except for the first record because we've got the header being printed as the first record. So in order to fix that, let's specify the header as True. This is still not going to work and I'll show you why. So as you can see, we've got the header record being printed as the first record. That's because we have got the statement here as create table, if not exists. Our table already existed without the header option being specified. So, It didn't recreate the table with the new options we've specified here. So to fix that, we need to drop the table. But we will create the drop statement in the same way as we did the create statement so that it is runnable. So we're going to say drop table if exists and we specify the table name. What that does is if the table already exists, then it will drop, otherwise it won't. So when you come to run the notebook first time, there won't be a table, but it'll do nothing and just carry on, because the table doesn't exist. Otherwise it will drop it and then it just carries on. So now if I run it, it should fix the problem. So the header has now been removed and the data is as we expect to see. So we need to do the next one, which is the races table. I would like you to have a go at this yourself. If not, come back to the video again and I'll explain how I'm doing it. Okay. I hope you've managed to create the races table, If not, we'll go through that now. So let me switch to my other tab and then open up the races ingestion file, that will tell us actually how the data looked. And as we can see, again, it's very similar. So we got the schema and header is True. There is no difference between the circuits file and the races file. So let's do that here. So that's worked. And let's have a look at the data as well, just to make sure that's as expected. Yep, that worked fine. So as you can see, it's a CSV file and the header is True, and the schema is as we've seen in our ingestion. So that's all the CSV files we had. In the next lesson, we'll look at handling the JSON files.