In this lesson, we are going to look at creating External Tables for the JSON files. So as we know, we got a few JSON files, we've got the constructors, drivers, races and pitstops and there are varying combinations, so some of them are single line files, some have a simple structure, some have a complex structure and others have got multi line JSON as well. So we'll deal with each one of those. We'll start with the constructors file first and that is a single line JSON with a simple structure. Let's open up the ingestion notebook, so we can look at it properly. So as we can see here, this is basically got the schema here and we've used the DDL structure as well, which is great. So we can directly use this in our code for creating the table and that's got a single line JSON, so that means we don't have to do anything special either. So let's switch over to the create tables notebook and I've already put the structure here, so we got the create table if not exist. Constructors is the table we are going to create and that's the schema. And what you do is you need to specify the format as JSON like we did for the others, and then we need to specify the path. So that's all we need to do and it should work. Let me just quickly run the select statement, just to make sure that the data is as expected. That looks brilliant. It's as simple as creating the table like this for a JSON file. So the next one we've got is the driver's table, and that's again a single line JSON, but it's got a complex structure. So let's again open it up and see what we mean by that. And this is the schema, and the name here is actually a complex structure. So we got a name schema, that contains the Forename and the Surname. So we need to specify that in our DDL and I'll show you how to do that. And everything else looks exactly the same because it's a single line JSON, we don't need any other options either. So let's switch over to our notebook. So up to the column name code, everything is as we normally do, because that's a string type and the name is not one of these base data types. So we need to use the struct type for that one, and then you specify within the struct, what other fields you've got. So as we know, we have the forename, and that's a string, as well as we have the surname, and that's a string too. So we need to specify those. So after this, everything else is exactly the same as the other one. So I'm going to copy and paste from my pre-prepared statement here. So we got the data of birth, nationality, url and then the format is JSON, and this is the path where we got the file. So let's execute that. And that's worked ok. Let's quickly do a select to make sure we can see the data. And as you can see, everything looks okay. And the name column is an object with the forename and surname, rather than a simple datatype of string. So the next one we want to do is the results table, and it's a single line JSON with a simple structure as we did for the constructors file, because that's the single line JSON as well, and I would encourage you to do that as an assignment and then come back to the video if you get stuck. I hope you've managed to do the results file. But let's see how we go about doing this. So let's switch to the Ingestion script, and as I said, it's got a simple schema as defined here, and there is nothing special, so there are no other options we need to specify. It's a single line JSON. So let's get back to the notebook here to create the raw tables, and I'm going to put the pre-prepared statement here and I'll walk you through what I've got here. We drop in the table as we did for the other ones, and then we're going to create the table with the schema, and then the format we want to specify is JSON. And the one thing I'm missing here is the path. So I'll just quickly specify that. Okay, let's execute that one. And that should be okay. Let's quickly check the results anyway. And as you can see, everything looks okay. So the last one of the JSON files is the Pitstops file. So let's have a quick look at that. As we specified here, it's a multi line JSON with a simple structure, but let's quickly look at the ingestion script anyway and as you can see, we got a simple schema here, but we have the option multi-line, which we need to specify when we create the table. And everything else looks as we've seen for the others. So let's switch back to the notebook. So similar to the other tables, everything else looks the same. So we got the create table with the schema and then you've got the format as JSON. But within the options, the path is very similar, we just have to specify the path. But we also need to specify that it is a multi-line JSON. So in order to do that, you do the multi-line, see the case, it's a camel case. so we've got m lowercase and then the L as uppercase. So you need to use the same and we specify that as True. So that should pick up the multi-line JSON and let's just do a select to ensure that we can see the data and we haven't done anything wrong. So yeah, you can see the data. So that's how it works. The one difference here is multi-line as true, So any options we specified in our spark.read API or the DataFrame Reader API as we called it, we can use them within options here as well. So everything we did there in ingestion, we can use it on a table here as well. I hope now you've got a good understanding about how to create external tables for a JSON file. That's the end of this lesson and I'll see in the next one.