In this lesson, we are going to be looking at creating tables for a list of files. What we mean by that, actually, we have some of the files which is split into multiple files. I'll quickly show you what they are. You've seen them before, but just to just to make sure you understand what we're talking about. So we have the lap times and the qualifying. But under the lap times, we've got five different CSV files and under qualifying, we've got two different JSON files. So what we want to do is, we want to create a table on top of the lap times folder and also create a table on top of the qualifying folder. So let's switch back to our notebook and let's start with looking at the ingestion for the lap times first. Even though it's multiple files, we don't do anything special about them, apart from the fact that within the folder path, we specify the folder which is lap_times rather than the individual files. So that's what we need to do, everything else looks the same because the schema is a simple schema as well. So let's switch back to our notebook to create the tables. And again, all of this looks very similar to the others. You've got the table being created here and the columns listed here and the data types. And then we specify the format of the file, which is CSV, and now we need to specify the folder path, which is slightly different. It'll be /mnt/formula1dl/raw, and then we stop at lap times, we don't go to the individual files. So let's execute that one. And it should pick up the files from the folder and then give us all of the data. And if I just select from the table, I should see all of the data. As you can see, we've got 490,000 records. We got five files, in each one had roughly about 100,000 records. And that adds up. And let's do a SELECT * as well, just to make sure that the columns look okay. And that's all perfectly fine as well. So the last one we've got is the qualifying file. This is slightly different. We got JSON files, it's multi-line JSON files as supposed to a single line JSON file and there are multiple files within that as well. So as we saw in our Storage Explorer that it had two files within the folder. So let's switch to the ingestion script, just to be sure as to what we're doing. So we specified the schema, schema is a simple schema, that's fine. For the folder path as as we did for the lap times, we will have to specify the folder. And we also have another option which is multi line is true. So that's the combination we need to do. I would like you to do this as an exercise, because we've done these combinations before. If you get stuck, come back to the video and I'll show you how I created the table. Okay. I hope you manage to create the table. If not, we'll do that now. As we said, everything up to here is pretty standard. So we create the table with the columns and the data types and the format as JSON. So now we need to specify the options and that's where there are differences. So path that we know, we need to specify the path to the folder as opposed to the files. Let's do that. So we stop at the folder here rather than the files, and then we need to specify that it is a multi-line JSON. So again, remember to get the right casing here, which is camel case and it should now create the table. So that's done. Let's query the table to make sure we got the right data there as well. So that will be SELECT * from this table. And we got the data as we expected. So that's brilliant. So that's how you deal with folders, which contains more than one file. So I hope with all the eight tables being created, you've got a good understanding about how to create external tables. But I just want to quickly show you, the describe of one of these tables. So let's just do describe extended on this table, and we should see them as external tables as we saw them previously. Let's have a quick look at that. And as you can see that the type is external. And also the eight tables should be listed under the Data tab, so come over to Data and then under f1_raw database, we got all of those eight tables as well. That looks neat. So when we come to create the other databases, we will have separate databases for each of the areas as well. That's the end of this lesson, and I'll see in the next one.