In this lesson, we are going to look at creating tables for our data in the processed layer. So they are the ones we ingested. So let's have a quick look in the storage explorer and these are the folders for which we want to have our tables as well, so our analyst can carry the data using SQL as well as we can process the data using Spark. So let's get started. The first thing we want to do is we want to create a database, because we have got a f1_raw database, but we don't have a f1 on processed database. So let's create a notebook within our ingestion, so that we can create the database. And I'm going to call this one as 1.create_processed_database. And let's create the database. Create database, if not exists. And that is going to be, f1_processed is what we said. But we also want to specify the location here because we are going to create managed tables, not the external tables. And so that means we don't want to specify the location, we want the location to be picked up from the database itself. So that will be /mnt/formula1dl/ this is going to be processed. So what will happen is any table you create on the database, which is a managed table, would be created under this Mount. If you don't specify the location, the data will be created under the Databricks default location. We don't want that. We want the data to be created in our storage account that we've specifically created to keep the data. I'll show you where the default location is, because when we created the database for raw, we didn't specify the location, so that would have the default location. So we're going to look at that. As you can see, that would be under user high warehouse raw in the storage account that's created by Databricks rather than us. So we want it to go into the formula1dl storage account. So let's create this database with the location here and then we can look at the describe as well, just to make sure the location is as we expected. So that is the /mnt/formula1dl/processed. So now we need to create the tables. So we got two choices. As we said in our demos, we can either use the SQL syntax like we did for the external tables, or we can use the Python PySpark syntax. So I'm going to do the PySpark syntax for this one, which will be using the .saveAsTable method on the dataframe itself. So let's go to our ingestion scripts, so let's pick this circuits.CSV file and if I scroll down, at the moment we use the dataframe writer to write the data into a parquet file. So we need to turn this into using the saveAsTable method. So let's do that. In order to do it, we got to make a few small changes, so that would be the dataframe name. write. mode is still overwrite, because we want to overwrite the data and now you specify dot format and within the format you specify the file format, which will be parquet in this case. And then we need to use saveAsTable  method. And when we do the saveAsTable method, we specify the name of the table. So that would be the database name, which is f1_processed and then dot, this is the circuits file. So it will be circuits. So what will happen is it's going to create a table called circuit and register that under the f1_processed database. And also it's going to write the data to the folder path that we've specified in our database. So let's execute this notebook and see whether that works as we expect. I'm going to run this notebook. We've got this exception because we've already written the data into the folder, but the high meta store doesn't know about this at all, really. So the best thing to do is to delete the folder here. I'm going to just do that. And then if we come back and run this, it should go through Okay. And if I go over to the Storage explorer, and then if I do a refresh, we got all the data here. But from here onwards, any kind of re-run should go through okay, as well. So I'm going to run all again. And it should be okay. So you might be wondering how this re-run still worked. Because we have the data in the containers. That's okay. That's because we've created the table via Spark now, and it's a managed table and hive meta store knows that there is some data and we need to overwrite and that's done that. So the issue was just because we initially created the data without using the saveAsTable method, but now we're using the saveAsTable method. So once you've done this, it will be fine. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to quickly delete all the other folders as well, so all the other seven can go and we need to make those changes to those notebooks and then we will re-run them and everything should be okay. And as you can see as a test, we are querying the folder path and the data is what we expected. And let's also query the table. So that will be %sql, because we are in a Python notebook and let's do a select from the table. So that's given us exactly the same data as well. So now we've got two options to query the data. You can use the folder path and get the parquet files and process that. And normally, if you're doing dataframes and PySpark code, you could be using that option, so you can use this spark.read.parquet to get the data. But if there is an analyst working on this data, they would normally prefer to get the data using the SQL statements. So we got the best of both worlds here. So now that we've done this one, let's make the same changes to the other notebooks as well. Okay, I've done the changes to all of the eight files here to use the save as table to save our data into a table as well as write it as a parquet file into the containers. So we have got the workflow notebook to ingest all files so we can run that one. But before that, I want to just quickly rename this one because I've used the same numbering for that. I'm going to put number nine on that one. And let me open up the ingest all files as we know, actually, this one would run all of the injections and then just load the data for us. So I'm going to just quickly run that. Okay, that's now completed. Let's have a look at our storage explorer to see whether the data has appeared for all of them. So let me refresh this. And as you can see, we got all the eight folders appeared. And let's also do a final check to make sure that our tables are created under the f1_processed database as well. So we go to Data, under f1_processed, we see all the eight tables as well. So which is brilliant. So this is how we create managed tables using PySpark. That's the end of this lesson. And I'll see you in the next one.