Now that we've created managed SQL tables for all our data in the processed container, let's move on to the presentation container. So as we know, we've got three sets of files here and we would like to create tables for those as well so that if there is an analyst who wants to analyse the data, it'll be easier for them to query using SQL. So let's switch to our Databricks workspace. And as you know, these are the three notebooks which creates those three sets of files, and these are the ones we need to change. They'll need a similar change to the ingestion scripts in order to create the managed tables on these parquet files. And also, as we did before, we will have to create a new database called f1_presentation, and that should have a location of the presentation folder path, which is the mnt formula1 dl presentation. Because we've done this once before, I would like you to take this as an assignment and then come back to the video, if you get stuck where I'll, show you what I have done. Good luck with that. Welcome back. I hope you've managed to complete the assignment. Now I'll show you what I have done. So I've created the database in this new script, our new notebook, and the database name is F1 Presentation, and that's pointing to our presentation container in our storage account. And also, I've changed all three scripts to use the Dataframe writer command to have the format as parquet and also we using the saveAsTable method with the name of the table being passed in as well. So let's run this. If I run this as we know, it's going to fail because it's a managed table and Hive is supposed to manage or Spark supposed to manage it. Whereas we've already written the data without the knowledge of hive meta store. So we will have to delete these folders, which I'm going to do now. And then we can run these notebooks. And once this is completed, we can run the driver standings and the constructors standings because they both run off this output. Okay, that's completed. Let's have a look at the data. We should have the race results which is there. And also we should have the table for the race results as well, which is good. So we can now run the driver standings and the constructors standings. I'm going to do them alongside each other because they're just dependent on the race results and they should be able to run alongside each other. So the constructor is finished and the driver standing has finished as well. So let's have a look at the database. So we should have the three tables and also we should have the three sets of folders here as well. So now for all our presentation data, we've also got the SQL table as well as the parquet files in our storage account. So that's the end of this lesson and I'll see you in the next one.