Welcome to the section where we're going to focus on static website hosting. Now, traditional hosting in the past can be complex and pretty costly sometimes, but when you use Amazon's S3 static website hosting feature, it really helps simplify the process of deployment and management of your website. This feature does offer several cool benefits. First, it provides simple hosting for your static websites. You don't have to worry about setting up or managing complex infrastructure or worried about something like server side processing. You can simply focus on creating and delivering your content to your users and then you can simply upload it to an S3 bucket to be accessed by your customers. So let's go ahead and check it out. So as I mentioned, Amazon S3 does offer the capability to host static websites that are going to be accessible to the public on the Internet. Now, using this feature, you can develop your website assets like HTML, CSS, JavaScript and all the images that you need for your website. You can store them directly in an S3 bucket and that allows easy access for your users or your customers. Additionally, client side scripts can be used to enhance the website and enhance functionality for your users. Now S3 Buckets do support two main options for website hosting. First, you can use a bucket to directly host a website, and that's what we're going to be focusing on mostly in this section. And this allows it to make it accessible through a user friendly URL like you're used to using any kind of website. Alternatively, you can also configure a bucket to be used for redirection. It's kind of similar to a name DNS record which allows you to redirect users to another website or URL or another object in the case of Amazon S3. So overall, this feature is going to provide you with a really simple and efficient solution for hosting these static websites. So let's go ahead and take a look at them. My first example here is we have a website visitor on the right, maybe at home, and he wants to access our website. What we're going to do is create a bucket inside of our AWS account, and then we're going to, of course, load all of our website assets into this bucket. This may include things like HTML files, images, CSS, JavaScript, anything that's really part of a static website. Those are going to be uploaded as objects into our bucket. Then what we're going to do is we're going to configure our bucket specifically for static website hosting. So once we do that, we're going to get a specific URL and that URL is going to be tied to the name of our bucket. So let's check that out. When we use the default URL that's provided to us, when we simply enable static website hosting, it's going to be tied to the bucket name and the region that's going to be used to access your website. So in my case, I created a bucket called S3 Dot crowds and IO crowds, and IO is a domain that I own, so I'm simply going to create a bucket named s3.io. And then when I create a bucket name and enable static website hosting, this is the default URL that Amazon S3 is going to provide me. So once I upload all of my assets into this bucket and I make all the other changes required in order to make these objects public and all that good stuff, I can simply click on this link directly and it should show my website. So pretty easy. Now one thing you can also do, and I would say most people are going to do is use your own custom domain. Again, I own the domain of crowds and IO. So what I can do is I can create my bucket, load all my assets into that, that I'm going to take that default URL that the S3 bucket provides me and I'm going to go to my DNS provider. In this case, it's Route 53. And what I can do then is create a C name record in there that says, Hey, anybody trying to get to S3 dot Crowson IO, go ahead and redirect them to that default URL that I get from my bucket. So then my customers, my website users, they only see my custom domain name and on the back end it gets named over to the default name of the bucket. A really cool and easy way to use your own custom domain because that's probably what you want your customers to see. You don't want them to see that big long URL that we just saw. Now, even better, we can actually tie a CloudFront distribution to add a TLS certificate to our website as well. Almost every website on the internet today is going to be protected by a TLS certificate, even if that website is simply hosting static content. So what you probably want to do is add a TLS certificate to your website. Now, by adding a CloudFront distribution to the front of your S3 bucket. We can go ahead and tie a TLS certificate that's minted by certificate manager. All native services. And then we can simply serve our content to our customers. Now, using Https versus Http, we are encrypting all the traffic from our user to our bucket. So let's go ahead and look at how we would do that from a custom domain perspective. We talked about how we would have the redirection done using a C name record, and that's going to allow us to use our own custom domain. So what I would do is I would go into my DNS provider. In this case, it's going to be for Krasnaya IO, and then I'm going to create a new record. And that new record is going to be my website name. It could be W-w-w-what, Krasnaya could be S3 Buckets, Dot Krasnodar or whatever you want to call it. In this case, for this demonstration, I'm going to call it s3.croudson.io. So I'm going to create a C name record there and the value of that record is going to reflect that default URL that I got from my bucket. So I got S3 dot Krasnaya dot S3 Website US East one dot Amazon Aws.com That's the value of my C name record. So whenever a user hits S3 dot krasnaya they'll be redirected on the back end to that default URL for our bucket. Now, if we want to introduce the TLS certificate I mentioned, we can use cloudfront distribution. Well, what we can do is create a cloudfront distribution and we can set up the cloudfront to use the origin of our S3 bucket. All of our static website assets live in our bucket and I want CloudFront to distribute that. When we set up a CloudFront distribution, we have the option of protecting it with a TLS certificate. Now, of course, CloudFront gets its own URL down here. Have this D111 this example URL from cloudfront. It's not a real one, but what we would do instead now is our S3 dot Crowson dot IOC name. Now we would point that to our cloudfront URL because now when our users access our assets for our website, we want them to hit it through CloudFront because CloudFront is protected by the TLS certificate that we can create with AWS Certificates Manager. So again, we have the full blown infrastructure all the way from our user accessing our site through CloudFront. CloudFront is going to fetch all of the objects that live in our S3 bucket and it's going to present those to the customer using a TLS certificate. So everything is encrypted with our DNS records look like when we're using CloudFront. Well, it's very similar process. We would go to the service that's hosting our DNS for our custom domain. Again, in my case it's krasnaya. I would create a new key name record called S3 dot Krasnaya because that's the DNS record that I want my customers to hit to access my website. And instead of pointing it to the URL for our bucket. Now in this case, we're going to point it to the URL of our CloudFront distribution. So again, the only reason we would add a CloudFront distribution here is we want our website to be faster. We want to distribute all this content using CloudFront and all the edge locations. So if you have very large objects, that may be beneficial. But again, in this case I'm simply using CloudFront to add the option of protecting our site using TLS because S3 does not have that capability natively. So we have to integrate this with another service. Two reasons why we want to integrate with CloudFront, distributing our content, adding TLS What does this actually look like when we're using all native services for this entire configuration? Again, on the right side, we've got our administrator. Our administrator is responsible for generating our website. Maybe they're developing our website and then they upload all those assets to S3. Now of course, all this other configuration is going to be the responsibility of our AWS admin. But from an infrastructure standpoint, you can see we have our assets in our S3 bucket. At the top, we have our CloudFront distribution and that's going to fetch all the assets from the origin, which is our S3 bucket. Now our CloudFront distribution is going to be secured by a TLS certificate from AWS Certificate Manager. Cool thing about certificate manager certificates are free, so if you're using all native services, you can go ahead and create your search for free using certificate manager and now you can protect all your websites and your applications using CERT manager. Now when you set up a certificate for your domain, you're going to validate that TLS certificate through Amazon Route 53. And that's assuming that's where you are hosting your DNS for your domain. So in my case, my Krasnaya domain, it is hosted in Amazon Route 53 for DNS. So if I go create a certificate for s3.io, I can simply validate that I own that domain by adding a text record into Route 53 and then validate. That force. So from a user perspective, now our website users on the left here, the first thing they're going to do is open up Chrome or Internet Explorer or whatever Safari, and they're going to type in s3.crowson.io. Of course, we all know on the back end we're going to ultimately query for DNS and that's going to land on Amazon Route 53 because that's my authoritative DNS server for that domain. So the user's machine is going to say, I need the IP address for S3 and it's going to respond with the C name and say, you know what, you really need to go to one, two, three, four dot cloudfront dot net. It's going to provide that C name. Then it's going to look that up and it's going to ultimately land on Amazon. CloudFront And of course that CloudFront is protected by our TLS certificate that is secured by certificate manager. So our website users now access our website. It's presented to them, it's secured by TLS and any of the assets that currently do not live in CloudFront up front, then CloudFront is responsible for fetching those assets from our bucket and of course it's going to cache those in CloudFront. So this is what the entire picture would look like if you're using all native AWS services for this configuration. Now, if you want to take it one step further, I've got this full DevOps experience here, so a little bit more complex. I'm adding more DevOps kind of services in here. So you see on the far right down the bottom we've got our admin instead of our admin committing our website assets directly to an Amazon S3 bucket. Maybe we want to add more of a gitops functionality in here. So our admin is going to commit our changes to say AWS code commit. It's going to commit it to a repo. So that way we are versioning our website, we can make changes, we can collaborate, all those good things. So any changes or maybe even just the initial upload of our website gets committed to code commit. Now that's going to trigger a pipeline in AWS code pipeline. One thing we can do is if we want to take again a step further is instead of deploying all the infrastructure on the left side manually, we could actually use something like AWS, CloudFormation or TerraForm to go deploy all the infrastructure. So go create my S3 bucket, go get a certificate, go set up Route 53, go create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. We can set all that stuff up using infrastructure as code. So if we opt to do that, we wait for CloudFormation or TerraForm to go build our infrastructure and then our code pipeline can go ahead and generate our site and push all of our website assets into our bucket. So again, all our administrator has to do at this point is commit changes to our code, commit repo, and then we automatically get any changes pushed to our Amazon S3 bucket using Codepipeline and then any changes are automatically rendered for our website users whenever they refresh the page or first access our website on top of adding the code commit and code pipeline and CloudFormation to this. I also put monitoring and logging in there. Again, CloudFormation or TerraForm can be used to go ahead and set up Cloudwatch and Cloudtrail. So anything happening in this entire this full DevOps experience is both monitored using Cloudwatch and it's all audited and logged using Cloudtrail as well. Full experience here. We can use all native AWS services to walk through this entire workflow and provide more of a gitops experience when we're working and deploying our website directly to S3. We've talked a lot about it. How do we actually do it? Well, step by step it's actually pretty easy. The first thing we're going to do is of course enable our static website hosting feature on our bucket. Now the next thing we'll do is upload all the contents of our site to our bucket. That, of course, means that it's already been developed. You've got your images, you've got your CSS, you've got JavaScript, all that stuff. You simply upload it into the bucket. Then what we're going to do is go into the bucket, ensure that we've disabled S3, block public access. Remember, that's a feature we talked about in the securing your data section. But what we want to do is ensure that, well, people on the public internet need to access our website. That's the whole point of creating a website. Well, we need to do is ensure that block public access is disabled for this particular bucket. Once that's done, we can actually create a bucket policy on our bucket to say, you know what, we're going to allow get object or simply read access to all the objects in our bucket. And then finally a user can access your website using CloudFront or your DNS records that you set up as well, setting up on the S3 perspective one through five, super easy. So that's what we're going to do in the demonstration coming up. We're going to go ahead and create a bucket. We're going to upload our assets, we're going to make all these configuration changes, showcase how we can access it using the default URL. Then we're going to take it a step further and use my. Krasnaya domain and set up redirection. So now we can hit it with a friendly URL. And even one step further, we're going to go ahead and create a CloudFront distribution, tie a TLS certificate to that and showcase. Now we access our website using our friendly URL, but now we have a TLS certificate tied to that as well. So the full spectrum in here, we want to make sure that you fully understand how to go from configuring it all the way to deploying it successfully in an environment in the most secure and easiest way possible. Hopefully that was useful. You better understand what static website hosting is and we'll see you in the demo next.