Welcome to the first demo in our static website hosting section. Now what we're going to do in this demo is go ahead and set up our bucket. We're going to move all of our website assets into this bucket and we're just going to do it mainly just kind of showcase how we can do that using the AWS management console. And then we're going to go ahead and configure our bucket to ensure that everything is public. And we of course are going to test it on the screen here. I'm in the Amazon S3 console and the first thing I'm going to do is go ahead and create a bucket. So I'm going to click Create Bucket. I'm going to call this s3.krausen.io. That's going to be our bucket name. Now, I don't really care what region I'm in. I'm just going to leave it as the default of Ohio. I'm going to go down. We're going to leave ACLs disabled with bucket ownership enforced right now. I'm going to leave this enabled so block all public access. And you already know by this time that we're going to go ahead and have to take that off. We're just going to leave all the defaults since this is just a demo. So I'm going to click Create Bucket, and now we have our new bucket right here, S3 IO. Now I'm going to go ahead and open up this bucket and the first thing we need to do is we need to upload all of our website assets. Now if I go over here, you can see in VS code, I've got a bunch of different files in here that make up a website that we're going to use. So I've got CSS fonts, images, uploads, and I've got a bunch of HTML files in here. We're going to use these as our website. What we're going to do is I'm going to minimize this. We're going to copy all those files into our bucket. So I'm just going to click on Upload and on my other screen I'm going to browse to that directory and I'm just going to highlight everything. We're just going to drag them all over here and drop them here. So there are quite a bit of files. There's 708 total, 15 megs, so it's not too bad and I'm just going to go ahead and leave all the defaults and click on upload. Now in the past I've done this, it takes about six minutes and so what we'll do is we'll just go ahead and cut out the video just so you don't have to sit there six minutes and watch all these files upload. So we'll kick back off as soon as these files get uploaded and we will continue configuring our bucket. All right. Looks like that just wrapped up. It went a little bit slower than I expected. It's actually storming here as I'm recording this, so I don't know if that's impacting my Internet, but you can see that we have uploaded all the files. So I'm going to hit close here. And you can see in our bucket, we've got all of those files. So click on type here. You can see we've got a couple folders in here and we've got all of those files. So we've got all of our files in our S3 bucket. Now the first thing that we need to do is we need to go ahead and disable S3, block public access. So if we go over to our properties and scroll down, we've got our static website hosting configuration right here. But if we go over to permissions, you can see we've got block all public access on. So I'm going to click on edit and I'm going to go ahead and just uncheck this box and say, save It doesn't make our bucket public but is going to allow us to do that. We'll go ahead and confirm that. Now, underneath the permissions, we need to modify our bucket policy. So if we go to properties right now, we don't have any URL to use for static website hosting. And actually, if we were to go into our objects and I'll find index.html and click on that, you can see that we get access denied so does not yet public. So I'll go back here, go to our buckets, go into our bucket here, go into permissions and we're going to modify our bucket policy. So I'm going to click edit here. And then what we're going to do is we're going to use the bucket policy, public access, and go ahead and put that in here. And this is the one that I showcased on my GitHub. And so what we're going to do is go ahead and just ensure that all of our objects inside of our bucket are public. So I'm going to go here in this bucket right here and click on copy and highlight this right here and paste it in. And you can see that we have resources on AWS, S3, S3 Crowds and IO. I'm going to click on here and do forward slash Star because we want to access all of our objects inside of our bucket. And of course we have principal star here, which means anybody. So if I were to apply this before I remove the block public access, I would actually get an access denied because it would prevent me from editing this bucket policy and adding a policy that has a principal of Star. So we've got our bucket policy here. We're allowed Public Read, S3 get object is the only action we're permitting and we're permitting that on anything inside of our bucket. So I'm going to scroll down here, click on Save Changes and there we go. Objects can be public. Now what we need to do is enable this bucket for static website hosting. So I'm going. Click on properties here, scroll all the way down to the bottom. We have static website hosting down here at the bottom. I'm going to click on edit and we get static website hosting configuration. I'm going to click on Enable and we get hosting type. We have host a static website or redirect requests for an object. We want host a static website down here at index document. I'm just going to leave the default as index.html because I do have an index.html. I don't have an error document right now or any redirection rules, so I'm just going to leave the defaults and I'm going to click on save changes. So that has enabled our bucket for static website hosting. We've enabled public access and we've uploaded all of our contents. So now if I scroll back down here, you can see now we have a bucket website endpoint, I have Http S3, IO S3 website, US East two because we're in Ohio Dot, Amazon Aws.com. So if I click on that, we should get access to our website that's hosted in our bucket. So there we go. Welcome to the Amazon S3 Restaurant Serving the Delicious Clouds since 1990. There is our static website that is hosted in S3 and you can see that our URL is pointing directly to our bucket. That's how we create a bucket, enable all the permissions and settings for static website hosting. And then of course we can test it by hitting the URL that's provided in our bucket.