Now that we have our website up and running, what we want to do is tie this to a more friendly name. We don't want users going to S3. IO S3 website, blah blah blah. We want to give them a simple DNS name. So let's go back to AWS. And what we're going to do is we're going to work with a domain that I already own, which is just IO. So under services, I'm going to go into Route 53 and I've got quite a few domains in here already. I actually cleaned them out, so I actually only have four now. If I go into Route 53, you can see I have crowds and IO. So we're going to modify this domain name. So we're going to go back into S3. I'm going to right click this and do open a new tab so we can work on both of them at the same time. We're going to go into our bucket, go to properties and scroll down and I'm going to right click and I'm going to copy this link, or you just click the little button right next to it. Now what we need to do is go back into Route 53. We're going to go into our hosted zone. That's already been created for my domain, and then I'm going to create a name. So I'm going to create a record and I'm going to drop this down. I'm going to say See name that's going to redirect one domain name to another URL. And the subdomain we want is just S3 that creates S3 dot crowds and.io and under the value, I'm going to paste the URL that I want for our domain and get rid of Http. And here is the value we want to redirect people to. I'm going to leave the TTL as the default and I'm going to go ahead and create our record. So we've got a new record in here, down here, S3 Dot Crowds and IO, it's a key name and it points to our bucket. So if I were to open up a new incognito window here and then type in our S3 dot crowds in.io and hit enter, we'll see how fast DNS propagates. Sometimes it may propagate a little bit slow. And there we go. There's our website. By using our friendly name of s3.io, we get access to our same static website that's hosted on S3. Now notice up here, it says Not secure. We do not currently have a TLS certificate to secure our domain. So what we're going to do is go ahead and add CloudFront to the mix. We'll add a TLS and then we'll secure our website that way. But hopefully that was useful for you. Again, I'm going to close that out. Again, all we did in Route 53, we went into our domain. We created a new C name record and we pointed to the URL that's provided to us by the static website hosting feature, and then that allows us to do the redirection. Now, of course, if you're not using Route 53, you can do this in any DNS provider that you're using. So if you're using some other service maybe provided by your domain registrar or something like that, you simply go in there and modify your DNS and add the domain, add the C name record and you're good to go. It may not propagate as fast as if you're using all AWS services, but that's the way you would do it even if you're using an external service. That was helpful for you. In the next section, we're going to go ahead and add our CloudFront distribution.