Let's spend a little bit of time talking about Amazon QuickSight. Even though QuickSight is more technically a data analysis tool, it is explicitly covered in the machine learning exam. So we're going to spend some time on this. It is an analytics and visualization tool. And analytics and visualization are things you need to know about for the test. So what is QuickSight? Well, its official description is that it's a fast, easy, cloud powered business analytics service. That sounds wonderful, but doesn't really tell you much now, does it? Fundamentally, it's just an application that lets you very quickly and easily create dashboards and graphs and charts and reports based off of whatever data you're storing in AWS or elsewhere. And it does this very quickly and at scale. Something that's a little bit different about QuickSight is that it's aimed more toward end users, toward business people. So it's not really aimed toward developers. Think of it more as an application that allows all the employees in an organization to build visualizations, perform ad hoc analysis, get business insights from the data, and do it from any device that they have a browser or mobile device at any time. So it's not something where you need to be a developer and deal with the AWS dashboard or APIs or command line or anything like that. It's more of a higher level application interface for visualizing data that is stored pretty much anywhere. And due to that nature, of course, it is a serverless application. You don't need to think about the underlying implementation. You're just a user of an application here for creating various charts and graphs. It can connect to many different data sources, both inside and outside of Amazon, so it can connect to redshift. Obviously, that's an obvious application of where you might want to visualize data in a data warehouse hosted by Amazon. You can also put it on top of Aurora or RDS, and we'll see that more generally, you can put it on pretty much any database. Athena. That's a very common use case as well. Say you have a data lake in S3. You want to stack Athena on top of that through glue maybe. And you can use QuickSight to hit Athena and visualize the data in that data lake. Also, EC2 hosted databases. You can just run your own database in and EC2, and as long as it talks to standard language, you can talk to it. A file based you can talk directly to S3 data in a data lake. You can also talk to Excel data. Data stored in comma separated value or tab separated value format, or any of a variety of log formats as well. Also, there's ways of preparing the data ahead of time. Before you analyze or visualize it. You can change some of the stuff before visualizing it. Like let's say you select a CSV file as a data set, and you want to change the column names to something a little bit more pretty. You can do stuff like that. Change the field names. You can add in calculated fields, uh, use SQL queries on top of it, change data types, whatever you need to do. It also can work on top of AWS IoT, analytics, internet of things and data preparation, like we said, allows some limited ETL so you can actually do a little bit of transformation in the process of using QuickSight too. How does it work under the hood? Something called spice that's sort of a forced acronym for super fast parallel in-memory calculation Engine. That's its underlying engine for accelerating these queries. So oftentimes you're using QuickSight on top of a massive data store or data warehouse or data lake. It's got to get that those visualizations that you want really quickly and spices how it does it. The tricks it uses includes columnar storage in memory and machine code generation, and it uses that to accelerate your interactive queries on very large databases. That in-memory calculation is limited to ten gigabytes of memory per user. And of course, it's highly available and durable. Like everything in AWS, it's also highly scalable, up to hundreds of thousands of users at once. Some things you might use QuickSight for. It's intended for interactive, ad hoc exploration and visualization of data, so they make it easy to create charts and graphs and explore your data visually. And the idea is that if it's easy to do so, you can do that interactively and try to dig in and explore and slice and dice your data on the fly to gain some insights out of it. You can also use it for creating dashboards and KPI reports, and we'll see that it has a new paginated report feature as well to make that even more robust. You can analyze and visualize data from logs stored in S3, the databases you may have on premise any of the standard AWS database sources like RDS, redshift, Athena, and S3. SaaS applications. You can tie it to Salesforce, and anything that talks JDBC or ODBC is fair game as well. Tying this more directly into machine learning, it does have a new feature called Machine Learning Insights has a couple of cool features. One is called ML Powered Anomaly Detection. Under the hood, that's using Amazon's Random Cut Forest algorithm that they love so much. So you can use that for things like trying to detect anomalies in your sales data. Anomalies, anomalies in latency on your website, whatever it might be. If you need to identify, um, anomalies that might exist in your data and strip them out. It also has an ML powered forecasting feature as well, which also uses random cut force in order to automatically get rid of the anomalies in your data in making that forecast. You can use that to make forecasts with seasonality taken into account and any trends that automatically exclude outliers and impute missing values automatically as well. And again, this is made for non-technical users so they can very quickly and easily just say, hey QuickSight, make a forecast based on this data. QuickSight through Machine Learning Insights, will then do all the dirty work of figuring out how to massage and prepare the data to give you the best forecast. There's also something called auto narratives and machine learning insights, and that allows you to build rich dashboards with embedded narratives to tell the story of your data in plain language. So that's a kind of a way to cheat and turn the AI on to creating your dashboards for you. And you can use the one that it creates for you or just build on top of it. Of course, it doesn't always get it right on the first try. So if you do want to customize what it comes up with, you can do that as well. Now, as far as direct machine learning capabilities in QuickSight go, this is it. So if the exam asks you about other machine learning features or metrics as part of QuickSight. They don't exist yet. It's a trick question. So remember that relatively new feature in QuickSight is called QuickSight Q. Well, this is one more machine learning thing, but it's it's an add on. So it is machine learning powered. And it answers business questions with natural language processing. So with QuickSight Q instead of trying to figure out what SQL queries to write or, you know, trying to figure out how to drag and drop what field into your dashboard and how to construct charts by hand. You can just say things like, what are the top selling items in Florida? And that's offered as an add on for given regions. It does cost more, as we'll talk about in a bit. However, it doesn't just work out of the box. As you can imagine, somebody has to tell QuickSight. Q in this particular example, what column represents sales data? Right? It can't just magically figure that out on its own. So. So first of all, there is personal training offered on how to use it. And it's required in order to use QuickSight. Q so they don't just unleash it on you and hope for the best. They do give you some personal training on how to massage your data and prepare your data, and how to use QuickSight Q to get the best results. So not quite as intuitive as you might hope. You have to set up topics associated with data sets to get QuickSight Q working. Obviously, you need to make sure your data sets and fields are NLP friendly. If you're a column for sales, data is called Q 73 255. Um, that's not going to give the algorithm any help on how to know that represents sales data. So you need to make sure that your fields and data sets are named, uh, in English language stuff or whatever language you're using to make it NLP friendly. You also need to explicitly tell it how to handle dates. That needs to be defined up front as well. That's QuickSight. Q uh, the takeaway here is that it's natural language processing business questions on top of QuickSight. Another new feature in, uh, late 2022 is QuickSight Paginated Reports. These are highly formatted, multi-page reports designed to be printed for management. So here's an example of it here on the right may span many pages and you can build this on top of existing QuickSight dashboards as well, so you can take your set of dashboards you made in QuickSight, put them all together and make them pretty, and print out a regular report for management. This way. What do you not want to use QuickSight for? Well, it used to be that you would not use it for highly formatted canned reports, but the introduction of paginated reports makes that no longer true. I'm calling this out, however, because sometimes the exam does not keep up to date with the latest changes as quickly as we would like. So if you're taking the exam in late 20, in early 2023, mid 2023, I don't know if they've taken paginated reports into account yet, so you might want to keep that in the back of your head. If you see a question specifically about highly formatted canned reports in QuickSight. Used to be you could not do that, but now you can ETL it is not designed for ETL. Like we said, there are some limited ETL capabilities, but for doing, you know, hardcore ETL operations, you want to use glue for that. That's what glue is for. QuickSight can do some transformations, but really you want to use glue for the heavy lifting there. Quick note about security it offers MFA on your account. Obviously, like pretty much everything. VPC connectivity is possible. So you can add Amazon's QuickSight IP address range to your database instances. Security group rules to enable traffic flow into your VPC and database instances. Row level security. LRS is offered to enable QuickSight dataset owners to control access to data at row granularity, based on permissions associated with the user interacting with the data. So with LRS, QuickSight users only need to manage a single set of data and apply appropriate row level data set rules to it. Also, a relatively new feature in the enterprise edition of QuickSight is column level security as well. So in the enterprise edition only, you can also restrict users to specific fields of your data and not just specific rows. Private VPC access in QuickSight is also possible. That's made possible by the Elastic Network Interface or Eni, for secure private communication with data sources in a VPC. It also allows you to use AWS Direct Connect to create a secure private link with your on premises resources. User management. There's a few ways of handling that as well. Like we said, it's kind of an application that people use. So it's a website, basically a web app. And you need to control how people access that and have permission to view the underlying data within QuickSight. Also because you get charged per user. So you don't just want the whole world hitting your dashboards. That could get really expensive really quickly because you are charged by the user. Users are defined through IAM, like most things in AWS or through an email signup process you can do. So you could have QuickSight email the user to be part of QuickSight domain, and then you can decide to delete the user if you want to. And what to do with the orphaned resources when that happens in the end. There's also Saml based single sign on capabilities as well. Again, built on top of IAM and in the enterprise edition only. There's also integration with Active Directory possible as well. And everything has multifactor authentication of course, because that's just standard these days.