So just as a quick reminder we're going to use the CDK to create an S3 bucket, a Lambda function that will invoke Amazon Recognition and DynamoDB tables to save the results of our action all using the Amazon CDK. So let's go. Okay, so let's practice using the CDK. For this I'm going to use CloudTrail to be able to run commands against my AWS environment. So click on CloudTrail and CloudTrail is getting ready. And in the meantime you can go under CDK and open the steps.sh to get started and run some commands. So first of all, what we have to do is to initialize and install the CDK on our environments. So for this, we do a sudo npm install and we install the aws-cdk-lib. So let's paste this and press Enter. And now we have installed the CDK lib on our computer. So that means that if I type cdk now we're going to get some commands out of it as you can see. Right now we get some error because we have to specified which CDK command we want, but it's working. So next we're going to create a directory called cdk-app and then we're going to change directory to go in it. And this is very important to do so. Next we're going to initialize our CDK application. So for this the command is cdk init. Then we specify app and then we specify a language. This is what we will write the infrastructure in. So we have JavaScript but we can also have for example, Python. But we chose JavaScript in this example. Okay, now everything is done. So we're going to verify that it has been successfully initialized by doing cdk ls, which should return one thing, it will return the CdkAppStack. Alright, that's perfect. So next what we have to do is to actually copy the content of the cdk-app-stack into the lib directory. So if you do ls lib, you'll see there's a cdk-app-stack. So let's go into this lib directory. We're going to remove the cdk-app-stack, and then we touch the cdk-app-stack to create a new file and we'll use nano to edit this file. So if you see nano command not found. Just do sudo yum install nano. Nano is a text editor. Yes. Nano is a text editor, which will allow us to edit some files. So let's clear this and we'll do again, nano cdk-app-strack.js. And now we're going to paste the content of lib, this file. So let's copy-paste it. Yes, please paste multiline. Exit. And Save, so Control + X and Y. Okay, just make sure you're good by doing a cat. And cat allows you to see that, yes, you have indeed copied all the content into this file. Okay, so now let's do a little look into what this file is because this is the core of the CDK. So at the top, we require the CDK library and then we require some specific constructs from CDK such as S3, IAM, Lambda, DynamoDB, as well as more. So we scroll down and then we see that thanks to code we start deploying and defining our infrastructure. For example, here we define an S3 buckets and we say this is an S3 bucket, and by the way, the removal policy is destroy this. So that means that please destroy this bucket when the stack is destroyed. And we have an output that's defined out of it called CfnOutputs. And the name is buckets and the value is the bucket name. And so this is going to be converted into CloudFormation but this is programmed as code. This is because the CDK knows what to expect to create an S3 bucket, and so therefore you can define different parameters. And this allows you to be a lot more versatile, a lot more agile when creating your stacks because you just write code, you don't write CloudFormation. So if you know a little bit of JavaScript or you know a little bit of Python, you may prefer this method. So then we go ahead, we create a role for Lambda. So we call this one role and then we define how it's working to work. And then there's a function called addToPolicy where we can add a policy statement into a role. So we've done this in two steps, in two lines of code, one and two. And this really shows the power of mixing programmation and then at the end, compiling into CloudFormation. So we have a DynamicDB table yet again we created, we defined the partition key, the removal policy as well as that becomes an output. Then we have a Lambda function. We define the runtime, the role, some environment variables that are linked directly to the table we have defined from before. And the buckets we're defining right after, or right before right here. So it really shows again the power of using programming languages. We can add event sources to say that the Lambda function is going to be triggered from Amazon S3. And then we have some very good shorthand such as we can grant read-write access to the Lamnda function on the bucket and the table by just having one line and using this function instead of figuring out what is the correct IAM policy. So that's really the power of using the CDK right here. Okay. So once we're done, we need to actually set up the lamb function that will be invoked. Okay, so to do so from the lib directory, we go one level up. So now we're back into our top-level directory. We're going to create a Lambda directory and go in it. And then we're going to create a file called index.py in it by doing touch index.py. Then we're going to edit it, so nano index.py and we copy the content of Lambda index.py. So let's take everything from here and paste it and then paste it. And then Control + X, Y Enter. Okay. So now our index.py file is properly set up as you can see. This is perfect. We can have a look at what it does. So what it does that it detects labels in images using Amazon Recognition. So it's going to actually look at the image coming from S3 and then run it through recognition. And then finally write the data, the target data into DynamoDB. Okay, so this function is now created. Now we need to bootstrap the CDK application, bootstrap CDK overall. So this is something you have to do once per account per region, and of course you should be running this command from a directory one level up because there is a cdk.json file in it which contains some important information around how we want to be set up. Let's go back, we run the CDK bootstrap again. Paste this. Press Enter. And this is going to create all the necessary stuff in your accounts to run the CDK. So it actually goes into CloudFormation. So if you open the CloudFormation service, so CloudFormation in here. As you see right now, there's a stack being created called the CDK Toolkit. And this is what's necessary for CDK to work. So if you look at resources in here, you can see that there is SSM parameter, IAM roles, ECR repository, IAM role, IAM roll, and then an S3 bucket. A bit of necessary stuff for the CDK to work. This is something you have to do once per region and per account. Next, we're going to run cdk synth to get the target CloudFormation template that is going to be generated out of our stack. So by running cdk synth, what's going to happen is that we're actually going to get a whole CloudFormation template, as you can see in here, an entirely a big one. And that contains everything we need. So it has an S3 bucket it has S3 bucket notifications being set up. It also has a Lambda function and so on, and IAM role and SSM parameters. So the idea here is that this is what's going to be deployed to CloudFormation, and we can preview it, but we don't need to necessarily do it. And finally, we need to deploy the CDK stack. So we'll run CDK deploy. And this is actually going to generate this CloudFormation template and deploy it into CloudFormation. So you say, yes, here are all the things that are going to be created. Everything looks good, let's say yes. And press Enter. And now is going to actually deploy a new CloudFormation template that is going to be representing our stack. So if I go in here, we have the CdkAppStack, actually yes, being created. And if we have a look at our resources, there's going to events and resources and refresh. We can see everything that is being created such as the IAM role, the S3 bucket, DynamoDB table, and so on. So let's wait until everything is created. Okay, so my stack is fully created and if we refresh this page, we see we have 11 resources being created. So what's important to us is going to be the S3 bucket and the DynamoDB table. So let's go into the S3 bucket right here, open it in a new tab, and then the DynamoDB table as well. So the idea is that whenever we upload a file into this S3 bucket, the Lambda function that get deployed will be run and then we will have some data in our DynamoDB table. So for this right now, if you go into explore table items, we don't have any items, but let's do a quick experiment and see if everything is working. So we go into these buckets and I'm going to upload the file. Add files, and then underneath my code, I'm going to choose the cdk, images and then we'll choose penguins. So let's upload this file in our buckets. And we're done. So this file is right here. I'm going to open it right here to show you what it looks like. Let's go, Preference, Allow. Okay, so this is just a man with some penguins. And so this is sent into our S3 buckets. And then what's going to happen is that our Lambda function is being run. It's going to be triggered because S3 sent a notification to our Lambda function and then recognition is going to be invoked. And finally, if I refresh this, you see that now there's one item return in my table. So the image is penguins.jpeg and then we can have a look at the fact that a penguin, a mobile phone, animal, bird, person, man, adult, male, glove and shoe all get detected in my images. And you can play a bit more. You can, for example, go back to your buckets and upload two more files. So we could upload kid_and_pigeons and swans and upload them. Okay, we good? So they've been uploaded and very quickly I go back into the DynamoDB. And now I see that more of my images have had item detected in them. And you can have a look at this table on your own. So that's pretty cool. We've seen how to deploy a full stack using the CDK. Now to clean up everything, what we have to do is that we have to empty our S3 buckets. So let's take all these files and yes, we say yes, I want to permanently delete them. So that's step one. And then step two, to clean everything up we're going to do cdk destroy. So back into CloudShell, do cdk destroy and is going to destroy everything for you. Yes, and you're good to go. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.