Okay, so what are the important commands to know for the CDK? So you have all of these and I will walk you through them and this should make sense to you right away. So the first one is to install the CDK CLI and libraries so you can start writing your CDK stack. The second one, cdk init initializes an app from a specified template. And so you can choose Python, JavaScript and so on. Cdk synth synthesizes and prints the CloudFormation template. So this is the transformation between your CDK stack as code into a CloudFormation templates. Cdk bootstrap is something we'll see in the next slide, so I will just skip it for now. Cdk deploy is to deploy the stack. So once you have a CloudFormation template, of course, you want to deploy it. Cdk diff is to look at the difference of the local CDK. So whatever you have changed and what is actually deployed on CloudFormation. And cdk destroy is to destroy the stacks. So the last little thing that we haven't discussed in depth is cdk bootstrap. So what is bootstrapping in CDK? Well, bootstrapping is the process of provisioning resources for CDK before you can deploy CDK apps into an AWS environment. So what is an environment in AWS? Well, for CDK, it's the combination of an account and a region. So the idea is that before you are able to deploy to an account and a region, you must deploy a CloudFormation stack called the CDKToolkit that will contain an S3 bucket and it will contain an IAM role. And these are necessary prerequisites to deploying any CDK stack in that specified environment. So when you are deploying to a new account and region combination, so a new environment, you do cdk bootstrap and then aws://aws_account/aws_region. So here is what happens. We have the account and the region, and the user runs the bootstrap. A CloudFormation stack called CDKToolkit is going to be created with what we need. Now, if you try to deploy a CDK stack after this, everything is going to work but if you didn't bootstrap into your environment, you will have an error when trying to deploy your CDK stack, which will say policy contains a statement with one or more invalid principle. That's because you're missing the IAM role. So that should make sense. Hopefully now you understand what bootstrapping is and all the necessary commands to make CDK work. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.