Hi. So in this section, we have already seen a couple of ways in which you can troubleshoot the network traffic issues and how to monitor your VPC traffic. But AWS now also provides different ways to analyze the network traffic. And it basically helps you accelerate your troubleshooting issues or making sure that your network traffic is compliant to your security policies. So in this space at this moment, there are two tools that AWS provides and I think it will be beneficial if you just understand at high level how these tools work. So this comes under VPC network analysis and natively AWS provides two ways. First reachability analyzer and second network access analyzer. Now, what's the difference between two? So reachability analyzer will tell you if you provide the source and the destination of the traffic, can you reach to the destination from your source? So in that hop, there could be internet Gateway, there could be Network-Access-Control-List security groups, VPC peering connections, all these things. So at the end of your analysis, it will tell you whether you can reach to the destination from your source. So this is very helpful in use cases, something like you are not able to reach to a particular EC2 instance in another VPC or from your workstation to your EC2 machine over SSH, right. So for this kind of connectivity issues, you can use reachability analyzer. Now the second tool is network access analyzer. Now this also works in a similar fashion. But the difference is that here you are trying to analyze which all paths exist to go from source to the destination. And whether those paths are as per the security policies that you have for an example, if there is a source and there is a destination as two different EC2 machines in different VPCs. And you want to make sure that all the traffic goes through your Firewall or through a particular EC2 instance or through a NAT Gateway. For example. Now, in that case, you can use network access analyzer and it will tell you which all paths exist between the source or destination. And then you can see, OK, I see that this path is going over the internet, which I did not want. So you can mark that path as a non compliant and then you can modify your routes. So that next time you scan your network network access analyzer shows you that this path now doesn't exist. So basically network access analyzer is used to make sure that you have the compliant network. So that is at high level, these two services provide. And now let's talk about these individual services.