Hi. So in this lecture, let's understand VPC reachability analyzer. So as I said in the previous lecture, it is used to analyze whether you can reach from source to the destination. And if given this kind of architecture where you have VPC, internet Gateway, couple of public subnets, private subnets. And of course, in the VPC, you have additional components like security groups and then Network-Access-Control-List and these components are also analyzed for testing the reachability to the destination. So if source is internet Gateway and the destination is one of the instance in a public Subnet, maybe your web server tier, then you can configure that instance as a destination and then you can run this analysis. And in the analysis result, it will show you whether from the source, you can reach to the destination. And also if required, you want to track the reverse path. Right now, In here, the source is internet Gateway and the destination is EC2 instance. But the source can be anything right? It could be your EC2 instance in one of the Subnet and the destination could be again internet Gateway or another EC2 instance in the same VPC or this instance can also be in a different VPC. And sometimes this traffic can go through the NAT gateways to the internet Gateway. So VPC reachability analyzer will tell you hop by hop how the traffic is flowing from source to the destination. So it produces hop by hop details of the virtual network path. Also it will tell you that what is blocking that traffic. For example, if you have security group, which doesn't have the allow rules for the source IP address, then it will tell you that this security group is not allowing that traffic. Or if you have Network-Access-Control-List, which is blocking that traffic, then it will also flag that as a blocking component and we will see that shortly during the exercise. But the point here is that the VPC reachability analyzer will exactly tell you where is the problem and then you can go and fix that and just one more thing while doing this analysis, it doesn't actually send any traffic. So it all works based on your network configuration in your AWS account. So it just analyzes all the networking components and their configurations and then give you the result without actually sending any traffic. So what are the use cases? Of course, the first use case is to troubleshoot the network connectivity issues. And more than that, I think one another important use case is to automate the testing of your network. For example, if you are using infrastructure as a code for deploying your networks. And whenever you make any changes to your network configuration, you want to make sure that everything is working as expected. That means your web server tier is accessible over the internet or your database tier is accessible from your web tier. All that can be done in an automated manner. If you have corresponding VPC reachability analyzer test included in your CI/CD pipeline. And if any of the test fails, then you can stop your CI/CD pipeline and raise that as an issue. So that's another good example of use case where you can use VPC reachability analyzer right now, what are the sources and the destination of the traffic that it supports? So there are a bunch of components here and you can see that on this slide, right? And few limitations that you need to know at this moment. And of course, AWS will probably launch more features to address these limitations. But as of now, the source and the destination of the traffic must be in the same AWS Region, which means source and destination can be in the same VPC or they could be in different VPCs in the same AWS Region. And then the connectivity between these two VPCs could be over Transit Gateway or the VPC peering connection. And the good thing is that it can work across AWS account in a given AWS organization. So this is useful where you have multi account setup, where you have a separate account for network and rest of the accounts for say application deployment. Then also you can use VPC reachability analyzer. So I hope that is clear. And just last thing that it currently supports only IPv4 traffic, which means it doesn't support IPv6 traffic, but in the future, AWS may support that. So just look at the AWS announcements for that. Okay. Now with that, let's quickly see how the successful connection looks like and unsuccessful connection look like. So on the left side, you can see the destination is reachable and it will trace down all the components in that path. So in this example, we are using source as internet Gateway and destination as our EC2 machine. And it shows that the traffic is coming from internet Gateway and then it is hitting the Network-ACL for the Subnet in which you have launched your EC2 instance and then it hits the security group and finally it hits the ENI which is attached to this instance. And on the right side, it is the same case, but we have the security group which doesn't have the allow rule. And that's where it is flagged as you know, not allowing that traffic to flow in. So if you get this kind of map, then you can very well see where is the problem and then you can go and fix that problem. So that's essentially is VPC reachability analyzer. And if you're interested to further see this in action, then we are going to do a quick exercise in the next lecture. Thank you.