Okay. This is a quick exercise for VPC reachability analyzer. The setup is pretty simple where we have VPC and a Subnet in which we have EC2 instance. And then we want to access this instance over SSH from our workstation. So the connectivity will look something like this. Now here we'll try a few scenarios. So very first thing that we will do is purposefully we will launch this instance in a private Subnet and then see what the network reachability analyzer tells us, right? Then we'll modify the Subnet and make it public and then further, we'll modify the Network-ACL rule not to allow the traffic. And then finally, we will update the security group and test the connectivity through the reachability analyzer. Now, for you, a word of caution, there is a charge for, you know, every analysis that you perform. And in my opinion, this charge is little higher than I would have expected. So for this lab, you might get four times this cost because we are going to run this analysis four times, right? So bear that in mind. So let's go to AWS console and set this up Okay. So I am in Mumbai Region and I'm in my VPC console. First thing I'm just going to do is to create my VPC with the name demo and some CIDR and just create the VPC. And again, I want to create internet Gateway so that I can later connect over the internet. And I also want to attach this to my VPC, right? And now I want to create a Subnet and this time, I'm not going to create the public Subnet and that's purposefully because we want to see the connectivity. So let's call it a demo Subnet and in one of the availability zone and let's give it some CIDR range, that's it. And we also want to create corresponding route table. So let's call it demo root table in this VPC. And I'm not going to create a public route here, but just one thing, make sure that you associate this route table with our Subnet. Okay. Everything is done. Now, let's go to the EC2 instance and launch one of the instance. Let's call it demo again. And here make sure that you use your key pair and edit this network to select your VPC and then your Subnet. Now, here we want to assign the public IP to the instance because ultimately, we want to connect over the public IP. And this is how typically, you know, when you start with AWS, your setup will look like, right? And most of the time some students make mistakes where they accidentally launch the instance in a private Subnet and then they are not able to connect. So I would say this is one of the, you know, very basic problem that most of, you know, newcomers in AWS face. And in that case VPC reachability analyzer can help you to detect such problems. Ok. Moving on. So we are assigning the public IP and we are going to create our own security group and in the security group, we are going to open SSH from anywhere. That's it we want, and that's it. Let's launch the instance. Now at this moment, if you see the instance, it has a public IP and once it is in a running state, we will try to connect it over SSH. So let me pause this video for maybe 30 seconds till the time instance comes in running state. Okay? So instance is in running state. I'm just grabbing its public IP. OK? So let me put the public IP and then load my SSH key which will be of course your private key. So I'm loading my PPK file and opening this connection and as expected, it won't work because we launched this instance in a private Subnet. Okay. So you may get something like this which is expected. Now let's go to the VPC reachability analyzer and also check from there. Now earlier this reachability analyzer was part of the VPC console. But now AWS started moving this kind of, you know, tools into a Network Manager. So in your case, it could be under the Network Manager. So open the Network Manager and if you go on the left side, you will see this reachability, analyzer under monitoring and troubleshooting. Now here make sure that you are in the Mumbai Region. And what we want to do is to create and analyze the path. So let's give it a name, demo, EC2 path and then source type is internet Gateway and let's select demo, internet Gateway and destination is EC2 instance which is here. And that's our demo instance. Now protocol, it supports TCP and UDP. So SSH works on the TCP. So let's select that and now let's create and analyze the path. So it generally takes like 10-15 seconds for this path to be tested. So let's wait for a couple of seconds. You can just refresh this. So if you want, you can just wait and refresh this. OK? So it has analyzed the path and it says it's not reachable and this was expected, right? And if you just go down and see the reason, it tells that the route table does not have the route to the internet Gateway. And that's exactly what's the problem. And if you just do something like reverse the path, it will tell you that this route table which is demo RT doesn't have route to the destination. And this is how you exactly know where the problem is. Now, of course, what you can do is you can just go to your route table and now modify this route table and say if the traffic is going to the internet or coming from the internet, then it has to go through the internet Gateway. Now, once you do that, you can just come here again and you already have this path. So you can just analyze the path again. So just say confirm and then it will again, start analyzing the path. So let's wait for again a couple of seconds. Okay. Now this time, it says the reachability status is reachable and it will exactly show you how the path is getting traversed. OK. So this was expected. Now let's modify the Network-Access-Control-List and then see how it affects the traffic. So let's go here and let's go to the subnets. So we have this demo Subnet and there is a Network-Access-Control-List. So you can just go down here and click the Network-Access-Control-List. So it will take you here then look at the inbound rules. So this is inbound rule which allows all the traffic. So let's go and remove this rule and save the changes. Now again, let's go here and analyze the path and confirm, okay, it failed as expected. And if you just go down, it tells you that Network-ACL does not allow the inbound traffic from this Subnet to the VPC, right? And it is exactly the reason also shown or marked as in the red. So you know that what's the problem? Now, let's try the last scenario which is blocking at the security group level. So let's go back to the Network-ACL, let's go back to the inbound rule and make sure that we add our inbound rule back with all the traffic from everywhere. And now instead let's go to the security groups here and we had this demo security group and in the inbound rules, we had this rule. So let's now delete this rule and save the changes. Okay, let's go back here and analyze the path again. So it will start the test again and now let's wait again for a couple of seconds. Okay. So as expected, the result is not reachable. And here it exactly tells you that SG rule mismatch, that means there is no rule which allows the inbound traffic and that's what we were expecting. So that essentially is the network reachability analyzer. And it is very helpful when you want to troubleshoot any kind of networking issues between any source and the destination. Finally, if you have done this exercise, just go and terminate your machines because you may be otherwise paying for those. So that's it for this lecture. And next, we will see network access analyzer which is quite similar, but the purpose is different. So see you in the next lecture