So now let's talk about CloudHSM. And the best way to start is to talk about KMS. So when we have KMS, AWS manages the software for encryption and the encryption keys. But with CloudHSM, AWS will only provision us the encryption hardware. It's going to be dedicated hardware and HSM stands for Hardware Security Module, hence the name CloudHSM. And your responsibility is going to manage your own encryption keys entirely, not AWS. The idea is that you are entirely responsible for the security, the maintenance, and the backup of these encryption keys, not AWS. So the HSM device is going to be tamper resistant. It has some kind of compliance, and so that means that if anyone on site tries to open up your HSM device, there's going to be a flip and it's going to be seen. So it supports both symmetric and asymmetric encryption which is really helpful if you want to do something called TLS or SSL offloading. And there's no free tier available. For you to use CloudHSM, you need to use the CloudHSM Client Software. It's not something that is done through API calls. And you have some integration with CloudHSM, for example, with Redshift that supports CloudHSM for database encryption and key management. So in case you want to use SSE-C type of encryption for your S3 objects, which is when you provide your own encryption key to S3 and then there will be server-side encryption happening, then a good way to generate that encryption key would be to use CloudHSM. It's a very common pattern. Okay, so let's have a look at a diagram. AWS will manage the hardware for us, but then we will be provided with a CloudHSM device and it's dedicated to us and then that's all AWS does for us. So if we lose the encryption keys, if we lose anything, AWS cannot recover the device for us. It's really our own responsibility, so use with caution. And to manage these keys and everything, you need to have CloudHSM clients which will access your CloudHSM device and you manage your keys. They will have encrypted connection between your CloudHSM clients and your CloudHSM device, of course, to encrypt and share a secure information. But it's your responsibility to manage everything within your device. AWS cannot help you once it has provided you with the hardware you need. In terms of IAM permissions, therefore, the only thing AWS can do in terms of IAM is helping you create, describe, and delete your CloudHSM cluster. But anything within your CloudHSM cluster, it's your own responsibility. So using the CloudHSM software, you can manage the keys, that means create, read, update, delete keys, and also manage the users that have access to these keys. It's very similar to say a database where AWS will give you the database itself and you have to manage the users within it. It's not exactly the case, not exactly similar as CloudHSM, but you get the idea. You have to manage all the security within your device and AWS cannot help you with that. Okay, another very important thing is to set up CloudHSM with high availability. And for this, you need to create a CloudHSM cluster that will be spread across multiple AZ. It's going to be great to enhance one more time the availability, but also the durability of your data. So we have this very classic architecture where we have two AZ, two CloudHSM devices that are going to be paired up in a cluster and your CloudHSM clients. And the idea here is that if we lose one AZ, well, we'll still have access to the second AZ, and our data is safe, highly available, and durable. But important to see it once to know that it's possible to do it, going into the exam, it can be very handy. So for CloudHSM, you have a single-tenant device. Whereas for KMS, it's multi-tenant. For Standard, both KMS and CloudHSM are FIPS 140-2 Level 3. In terms of the master keys, you have different kinds. On KMS, you have the AWS Owned Keys, the AWS Managed Keys, as well as the Customer Managed KMS Keys. Whereas on CloudHSM, you just have one thing. It's Customer Managed CMK. Now, for the key type, well, you have similar ones. You have symmetric, asymmetric, digital signing, and CloudHSM gives you also hashing. For key accessibility, KMS keys are scoped per region, although you can do KMS key replication. And CloudHSM, well, they're deployed and managed in specific VPC. And they can be shared across different VPC by using VPC peering, for example. CloudHSM has cryptographic acceleration for SSL and TLS and Oracle TDE. In terms of access and authorization, KMS is using IAM, whereas CloudHSM is using their own users and you have to manage your own permissions from within the CloudHSM device itself. For high availability, well, this is embedded in the KMS service. But for CloudHSM, you need to have multiple HSM device over different availability zones. For audit capability, you have CloudTrail and CloudWatch. But on top of it, CloudHSM has multifactor authentication support. And finally, there's a free tier for KMS whereas there's no free tier for CloudHSM. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.