So now let's talk about KMS Key Policies in depth. So KMS Key Policies allow us to control access to KMS keys and they are very similar to S3 bucket policies. The difference is that if you don't set up an S3 bucket policy, you can still access your S3 bucket. But if you don't set up a KMS key policy, you cannot access your KMS key. So you must create one. So when you go through the console and you create a KMS key, the console makes it very easy on you and it will create by default a KMS key policy called the Default KMS Key Policy, and this is going to give access to any user in your accounts. So it gives the root user, but that means your entire account. And, of course, that doesn't mean that anyone can access the key. That means they must still have the proper IAM permissions to get access to the key. But this just delegates the administration of these rights to IAM. If you create a Custom Key Policy, then you can define directly here the users, the roles that can access the KMS key. You can also define who can administer the key. And this is extremely helpful when you have cross-account access of your KMS key, and you want to define who in the targeted accounts can access your key. So if we look at the Default KMS Key Policy, it looks like this. It says "Allow", "kms:*", "Resource": "*", and the principal is the root user of your account. But it actually gives the account itself full access to the KMS key, but it does not give permission to the account or any of the users. You still must use IAM policies to access the KMS key. Hopefully that makes sense. So if we have a look at KMS key policies, we have the Owned Key, the AWS Managed Keys, and the AWS Customer Managed Keys. So for the AWS Owned Keys, we cannot view and we cannot change the Key Policy because it's owned by AWS. For the AWS Managed Keys, for example, when you see a key, aws/ebs, you can view the Key Policy but you cannot change the Key Policy. If you were able to change it, then you could break the way AWS is working for you. And so this is what the key policy looks like for the AWS EBS key. So, as you can see, the first part of this allows you to do encrypt, decrypt for any service within your accounts. And then the last one is to allow metadata access within the accounts with "Describe", "Get*". So this is not something you have to remember, but it's an interesting KMS Key Policy to look at just for practice. And for your AWS Customer Managed Key, you can, of course, view your Key Policies and you can edit them so you have full control. So, if we have a look at Custom KMS Key Policy, this one allows administrators. So these key administrators will have the permission to manage the KMS key. And in this instance of this policy, we can look at the principal part and we see that we have a user called KMSAdminUser and a role named KMSAdminRole, which both have access to pretty much many API calls on the KMS key to administrate. But as you can see, encrypt and decrypt are not there. So that makes it a key administrator but not a key user. That's the difference. And you can add any kind of IAM users or roles as key administrators. Then you also have users of the key. So this is what the policy would look like. You can define a user, a role, or, again, a target account if you wanted to have cross-accounts. And here the actions you would look at, for example. You would look at the encrypt, decrypt, re-encrypt, generate data key, and describe key type of API calls. So, here we have authorized ExampleUser and ExampleRole. And because they've been explicitly outlined in the KMS Key Policy, then they are authorized to use this key. They don't need an IAM policy to do so. The alternative, of course, is to use the Default KMS Key that we saw before, and then define IAM permissions from within IAM so that your users and your roles may be able to use the keys. Hopefully that makes sense. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.