So this lecture is going to be a little bit complicated, can be quite heavy. It almost seems very complicated. You don't have to remember everything. You just need to remember the main idea behind it. Just a little disclaimer because this next diagram can be a little intense. But I want to show you the KMS Key Authorization Process, how is a KMS Key usage evaluated for yes or no. So get ready. First, the theory, then a few examples. So we start and we look at whether or not there's a DENY statement in the KMS Key Policy or anywhere. If there is, this is the same as anywhere in AWS, the request is just going to be denied. If no, then we look at whether or not the SCP of your organization ALLOW the access. Again, if it doesn't, DENY. Or if it doesn't exist, it's going to be ignored. Then is there a VPC Endpoint Policy that allows access to KMS? So if you're accessing the KMS service privately. Again, no, DENY. Yes, move on. And, of course, if it doesn't exist, you just pass that step. Next, we are go into the KMS specific stuff. So is the Key Policy allowing the caller to perform the action? No, then we look at a Grant. So remember, we have the Key Policy. But even if the Key Policy doesn't contain things, a Grant may still allow the caller to perform the action. And then we look at the Key Policy. And then we look at whether or not, so before it was authorizing the caller itself, so the user or the AIM role directly. But then we look at the Key Policy and we say, "Well, do we allow the accounts to use IAM policies to control Key access?" which is the default KMS Key Policy that we saw before. So here, we would delegate access to IAM. If it doesn't exist, we look at whether there's a Grant that allows the caller's accounts to use IAM policies to control Key access. And if it doesn't exist, no. But if we do have the default KMS Policy, for example, then we look at IAM. And is IAM allowing the action, yes or no? Then, of course, if we have a Grant allowing this, again we look at IAM. Then we look at whether or not the Key is in the same account as the caller. So because we have cross account concerns. If it is in the same accounts, we're good to go. And again, we can draw this yes lines from the two from before. But if the Key is not in the same accounts as the caller, then we look at whether or not there was a Grant created by the caller's accounts to allow the caller's action to perform the action. If yes, we're good. If not, we look at the IAM Policy in the cross accounts, and then we are good. So this is a complicated schema, but hopefully, because I've covered all the concepts of these before, you should feel somewhat familiar with it. But I wouldn't blame you if you don't remember this. Again, just remember the concepts of Grants, Key Policies, Default Key Policies that would delegate actions to IAM. And for cross account access, I'll have a simplified slide in the next lecture, so don't worry too much. So, okay, just remember Key, Key Grants, IAM Policies, SCPs, and VPC Endpoint Policies are included. So let's take this example. We have the default KMS Key Policy to grant access to an accounts. And Alice makes API calls within the same accounts. So here, we have all this path that could be relevant and so we go one by one for all the steps. Those the same boxes have just been reordered. First is you categorize it for the use authorization and then the Key trust. So is there a denying statement? No. Then is the Key Policy allowing the action for the caller? No, because we use the default KMS Key Policy. So there's no Key Policy, there's no Grant. Then we use the Key Policy and it's the Default Key Policy. Therefore, yes, this one is a box for yes. Then we look at the IAM Policy and is Alice having the proper IAM permissions? Well, yes or no? If it doesn't have it, then it's gonna be denied. But if it has it, then you go into the Key trust, it's in the same account, and it would be allowed. So hopefully this path makes sense. It's the most common one you see when you use AWS. So let's take a look at another example. This time is for cross account access. So let's look at the Key Authorization Process. So we have a KMS Key Policy in Account 2 that allows for all the Principals in Accounts 1. And then because it's cross accounts, we must make sure we have also an IAM Policy in Account 1 authorizing things. So let's go through this diagram again. Is there a DENY statement? No. Is the Key Policy allowing the caller to perform the action? No, because we authorize an entire accounts. So no Key Policy, no Grants. Then we have this. Does the Key Policy allow the caller's accounts to use IAM policy to control Key access? Yes. So we are going in here. And then does the IAM Policy ALLOW the caller to perform the action? The answer is yes. Is the same Key in the same account as well as the caller? No, because we're doing cross accounts. Is there a Grant? No, there is no Grants. So then we look at the IAM Policy of the caller to perform the action. And if the caller has the proper policy in this account, then, yes, we're good to go and we have an ALLOW. So that's it for this lecture. Hopefully that makes sense. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.