So let's have a look at some advanced concepts around Secrets Manager. First one, we can use KMS to encrypt and decrypt every version of every secret value. And so each secret is going to be encrypted thanks to envelope encryption, with a unique data key. So Secret Manager internally is going to use the generate data key API call to get a data key and is going to encrypt, for example, a secret value, a database password, and then you're going to get the encrypted value and that's how it works in the reverse mechanism for decryption. So we have the option to set our own KMS key for this, or to use the AWS managed key called AWS/Secret Manager. It only works with symmetric KMS keys and all the encryption process will happen within the service. You don't have to do it on your own. To access a secret, very similar to SSM Biometric Store. You must have access, of course, to the secret in Secret Manager, but also have access to the underlying KMS key to be able to encrypt or decrypt that secret. Next thing is around secrets rotation for Secrets Manager. So this is around the idea that you want to automatically and periodically update a secret. So for some databases you have automated password rotation for example, RDS, Redshift, Document DB or other databases. What's going to happen is that Secrets Manager, if this is enabled, every 30 day is going to invoke a Lambda function that you create yourself or that is provided by the service when there isn't already in existing integration such as RDS. And this Lambda function is going to change the password of your Amazon RDS database and therefore it's also going to store the final value in Secrets Manager. So no matter what the secret you have, Secrets Manager will use a Lambda function to rotate the secrets. And if you do happen to enable Secret Rotation, the Secret is going to be rotated immediately. Now, in the use case of you're using a Lambda function to rotate an Amazon RDS database, you must make sure that this Lambda function has access to both the Secrets Manager Service and your database. So let's assume that our Amazon RDS database is deployed within a VPC. Then we must, of course, deploy our Lambda function within the same VPC, then is going to be able to access Amazon RDS privately, but also we need to make sure we have a VPC endpoint to access back Secrets Manager or a NAT Gateway in place, again, to get network connectivity into Secrets Manager. We also have the possibility from Lambda function to pull secrets at runtime from Secrets Manager. For example, say we want to connect to an RDS database and the password of this RDS database is within Secrets Manager. We want to inject the secret as an environment variable. So for this, we're going to reference the secret from Lambda, which, when the Lambda function boots up, is going to fetch that secret and then access the RDS database. Thanks to that, of course, password value. So for this to happen your Lambda function must be configured to access the secrets in Secrets Manager and must have the proper IAM policy. There is also a very similar mechanism where we integrate ECS with Secrets Manager. So let's talk about the exact same problem. We want to access RDS database at runtime and so we, at boot, are going to pull the secret out of Secrets Manager, is going to be injected as an environment variable, and then we can access RDS. And this can happen only if we have the proper IAM policy in place and we've configured our ECS task properly with an IAM role. Alright, next we have resource policies for Secrets Managers. So it is possible for you to define access to a secret thanks to a resource policy, the same way we have bucket policies for S3 buckets. So let's say we have a secret and we attach this resource policy to the secret, where we're saying is that this secret can be accessed by the user Mary, and that's good enough. Mary does not need to have its own IAM permissions to access the secrets. So the use case is to grant access to a single secret for multiple users managing this from a secret perspective. And forcing provisions, for example, we can add an explicit deny to a secret for whatever use case you have, or sharing a secret between AWS accounts. Okay, that's it for Secrets Manager. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.