Let's talk about some interesting security concepts around the Network Load Balancer. The first one is the Client IP Preservation concept. So the client IP addresses, they're forwarded to the Network Load Balancer targets, but we have several options. So the client talks to the Network Load Balancer, and of course the traffic goes to the EC2 instances. It turns out that when client IP preservation is turned on, the EC2 instances see the request coming from the source IP of the client and not from the source IP of the NLB. But when you disable it, then the Network Load Balancer becomes the client IP address for all incoming traffics. So when do we have client IP preservation and when don't we have client IP preservation? Well, when you have a target by Instance ID or ECS task, client IP preservation will be enabled. When you have targets by IP addresses for TCP traffic and TLS, it's going to be disabled by default. And then when you have targets by IP address for UDP and TCP_UDP, then it's going to be enabled by default. So it's always enabled, except when you have IP address for TCP and TLS. Now, you can obviously change this thing, but you cannot disable it for targets by Instance ID and by IP address of UDP, TCP_UDP. Okay? You can now attach security groups to Network Load Balancers just like you would for an application balancer. So the idea is that you have security groups for your EC2 instances in your private subnets, and they're your targets of your Network Load Balancer. But now you can also attach a security group to your Network Load Balancer. That means that you have the client that will be connecting to the security group and from a target EC2 instance security group, you can just have a rule that allows the inbound security group of the Network Load Balancer to let traffic flow securely, which is very handy and is a similar setup to what you will have with an application load balancer. So how can we troubleshoot Network Load Balancer connectivity? Well, for example, if the registered target is not in service, then it could be an issue with the health checks or it could be an issue with security group. So you need to make sure that the target security group does allow traffic from the health check port/protocol from the NLB's security group, or also the target subnet network ACL does not allow traffic from the NLB. In case the requests are not routed to the targets, then it could be also an issue with security groups, or again, it could be an issue with NACLs. You need to make sure also that the availability zone is enabled. And if the EC2 instances are in a peered VPC, then you need to make sure that these EC2 instances are registered by IP addresses, not by Instance ID. Alright, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.