So now, let's talk about AWS Certificate Manager or ACM. So, in case you wanna host public SSL certificates in AWS, you can have two ways. You can buy your own and upload them to ACM using the CLI, or you can have ACM provision the certificates itself, and renew it for you for free, free of cost and automatically. So, ACM will load SSL certificates onto some following integrations. Number one is load balancers, including the one you can, that you would create using Elastic Beanstalk, CloudFront distributions, APIs on API's Gateways. So, anywhere, really, there is a need for SSL certificates, there is going to be an integration with ACM for it. So, how does it work? We have our user, and he's going to talk to you in ALB for this instance, and he will go through HTTPS, and the ALB would provide SSL termination. That means that the connection will be terminated, and a new one will be opened to the backend instances. So, ACM will be on the left-hand side to provision and maintain the SSL certificates on to the ALB, so we don't have to worry about that part any more. And then, finally, the ALB will be forwarding private, HTTP requests to your EC2 instance, if you set up HTP integration, and your EC2 instance will not have to perform SSL encryption or decryption, so that means that you have less CPU cost on your EC2 instance, thanks to the SSL termination that happens at the load-balancer level. So, overall, ACM is amazing, because, from my personal experience, SSL certificates are very difficult to maintain manually, and so, having this integration with ACM, this automated provisioning, and this integration with AWS services, makes it really, really easy to deal with SSL certificates in AWS, and so, you have no reason not to use them nowadays. Okay. So, good to know going into the exam. First of all, you can create your own public certificates, and you need to verify the public DNS, and you must be issued by a trusted public certificate authority. You can create some private certificates. That's for your internal applications, so you can have your own private CA, and your applications must be set up to trust your private CA. So, the definition of a private CA is that it's not public. So it's yours, it's not widely known. And so, for your application to trust any SSL certificates that is created outside of your, from your private CA, that means that your application need to trust the certificate of the CA itself. For the certificate renewal, in case you provision the certificate using ACM, it's automatically done by ACM, or, if you have manually uploaded a certificate into ACM, you will need to be performing the renewal of that certificates manually, so a bit more maintenance on your side. Finally, very, very, very, very important, ACM is a regional service. That means that if you have a global application, with multiple ALB all around the world in different AWS regions, you will need to issue an SSL certificate in each region where your application is deployed. So, you cannot use ACM as a global service. It's a regional service. And you cannot copy certificates across regions. So, you will have to have ACM provision a certificate in every single region where you have load-balancers, for example, for this to work. Obviously, if you use CloudFront, CloudFront is a global distribution, so you don't need to do this, right? But if you have an ALB deployed in multiple regions, then you need to remember that ACM is a regional service and so, you need to have multiple SSL certificates, all around the globe, for this to work. All right, that's it for ACM. I will see you in the next lecture.