So now let's do a deeper dive into ACM. The first thing is that you can have a private certificate authority on ACM. So it allows you to actually issue certificates privately and you manage the certificate authority, including roots and subordinaries CAs. So with this, you can deploy end-entity X.509 certificates. What that means is that these certificates can be used by your application. They're end-entities that these certificates cannot be used to issue more certificates. These certificates are trusted only by your organization, not the public internet, because it's a private certificate authority. It has deep integration with services such as Amazon EKS and really any service that is integrated with ACM. So you'll have CloudFront, API Gateway, ELB, ES, whatever you want, as long as, of course, the traffic is private and within your own infrastructure. So these certificates can be issued for users for whatever they need. For example, for client VPN purposes. They can be issued for computers. They can be issued for APIs that will expose a private URL, or IoT devices. So the use cases of using a private certificate authority is to do encrypted TLS communication from internally to cryptographically signed code to authenticate users, computers, API endpoints, and IoT devices. And to also help enterprises build a public key infrastructure, or PKI. Okay. Next, we have the validation techniques of certificates in ACM. So when you have a public certificate, so we're back into the public realm now, you must prove that you own or control the domain because otherwise you cannot have a public certificate. So several ways of doing it. The number one is to do DNS validation. And here, we're going to leverage a CNAME record that we create in our DNS config. It could be Route 53, it could be out there as well. And what's going to happen is that because you are able to insert this CNAME record, you are going to be issued a TLS certificate and you're good to go. So this is the preferred method for automatic renewable purposes because everything is programmatic, and it only takes a few minutes to verify. So how does that work? The admin creates a CNAME record in your DNS, for example, Route 53. And ACM tells the admin what record to create. And then it looks like something like this with some big name and big value. And then the ACM will say, hey I can verify that indeed you own this domain so I can issue this certificate for you. So it goes into pending validation and the record is validated and we're good to go. So the other way to do it is email validation. So the email validation will be sent to contact addresses in the who is database of your domain. So when you register domain, you have to register an email address, and that's what ACM will send an email to to make sure that, again, the owner of the domain as per the registrar is there, and accept the certificates. So it takes a few minutes to verify this certificate. Again, you just receive an email and you're good to go. This is only relevant for public certificates. In case you have a private certificate, you don't need to verify anything because you own the private certificate authority. So in the case of automatic renewal, how does that work? Well, if there's a failure to renew a DNS validated certificate, it could be because of inaccurate CNAME records in your DNS config, and you can try an alternative way such as email validation. But again, that requires a manual step from a human from the domain owner. ACM will send renewal notices 45 days before expiration, which is ample time for you to perform the renewal. And in case you receive emails, again, to the domains who is mailbox addresses that will be sent. Then the email contains a link, you click on it and you can do a renewal. The ACM will issue a renewed certificate but it will keep the same ARN to keep everything running smoothly within AWS. So again, upon expiration, we'll receive a renewal email, and then we'll click the validation link, and we're good to go. This is when we fail the DNS validation, of course. Now, how do you resolve a pending validation certificate in ACM? So again, confirm the CNAME in your DNS config. So you can use the dig command, for example, to verify the value of the DNS config itself. And then make sure you have the proper value, no additional or missing characters. And then if your DNS provider automatically modifies your DNS records by adding the bare domain to the end, make sure to remove the bare domain from it. So sometimes you'll have .example.com.example.com. That's common. And then if there is a CNAME and the TXT record that have the same domain name, then it may be a conflict for ACM, so test it out. And if you do have both a CNAME and the TXT record, then delete the TXT record. So instead of getting ACMs to issue certificates for you, you may want to actually manually create them. So there's a process for that. You can create a certificate manually. And then you upload the certificates either to ACM or IAM. So you will use local tools to actually generate a certificate signing request. You will submit this certificate signing request file to an external certificate authority that will validate, again, the ownership and issue a certificate for you. They will have their own methodology, but that is not ACM, because you wanna do this externally from ACM. You get back a certificate and you can upload the certificate into ACM or IAM. So there could be reasons why you would wanna do this but it's much easier if done everything within ACM, but still you have the capability of importing certificates in there. So how do we monitor for expired imported certificates? So we'll have a daily expiration event 45 days prior to expiration. And, of course, because they are imported certificates, we cannot automatically renew them because they've been signed elsewhere. So the number of days can be configured. The events will be appearing in EventBridge. And then you can have Lambda functions, SNS notifications, SQS messages, whatever you want for your integration. Or you can have also a rule in config called the ACM certificate exploration check to check regularly for the expiring certificates. And you can also send the non-compliance events into EventBridge. So two ways of doing it. But if you do have a manually imported certificate, you will have to manually renew it outside and then the re-import it. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.