All right. In this quick demo, we're going to showcase how you can go ahead and create a brand new AWS account. So in Chrome here I am at AWS, Amazon.com. And this of course is going to look different every time you look at it. You may be looking at kind of a different screen just depending on how often AWS updates their landing page. But almost every time you're going to find either create an AWS account at the top right or get started for free. So I'm going to create this create an AWS account. It's going to bring us to this screen. Now what we're going to do is we're going to provide our root user email address. And then an AWS account name. This is going to be a name for our account. So what I'm going to do is go ahead and create an email. Now I'm going to go ahead and blur this out just because it is my personal email address. But I'm going to go ahead and add my email in here. And in this case for AWS Account name, I'm going to call this Amazon S3 Deep Dive. So I'm going to click on Verify my email address. So it's going to go ahead and send an email. I'm going to go over here and look at that. It's already here. AWS email verification. So I'm going to click into it I'm going to grab this code and go back over here. Enter the verification code say verify. And it says cool it's you. Your email address has been verified. So now it wants me to add a root user password. Now this is going to be the root user password that you're going to log into the accounts and start working with AWS. Now best practices for AWS means that you shouldn't be using the root password all the time. You should only use it to create other users and ultimately use those other users to manage your AWS account. So I'm going to go ahead and add a password in here. There we go I'm going to confirm that password. Continue. Step one of five. So it's going to say I need some contact information. How do you plan to use AWS. Well in this case we're going to select personal. So who should we contact about this account? Well, let's contact me because I own this account now. My phone number. I'm going to put my phone number in here again. I'm going to blur that out. I am in United States. I'm going to go ahead and enter my address in here again. And then my postal code. And I'm going to click on I have read and agree to the terms. So continue to step two here. Now it needs some billing information. Now AWS does provide us with this free tier where when we create a brand new account, we get tons and tons of free tier stuff for up to a year. But not everything is valid for free tier. So if you do go over that, well, they're going to need a way to bill you. So what we'll do is go ahead and add a credit card in here. So I'm going to go ahead and put my number in there. I'm going to select my Expiration date. The cardholder name is me and I'm going to verify and continue here. Confirm our identity. How should we send the verification code? Well, I'm just going to choose text message. So I'm going to go ahead and put my cell phone number in here. I'm going to go ahead and try to read this security check. Tell you what Amazon has some pretty tricky ones. Sometimes they are a little bit hard to read. And I do get them wrong often. So sometimes you have to click this little refresh to get a new one. You can also click the little speaker here if you're having trouble reading this, and I'll read it out loud to you. So I'm going to click on send SMS. And hopefully we got that security code right. And let me grab my phone and we will validate our code here. So I checked my phone and I have the code that was sent. So it was 1739. So I'm going to add that continue to step four of five. I'm just going to choose basic support plan here. Again if you are a business you can make the choice to select developer support for $29 a month or business support for 100 a month, so I'm going to leave it on basic free and do complete sign up here that's going to ultimately create my account. Thank you for signing up with AWS. I can now go to the AWS Management Console and I can start looking around here. Now, I have seen in the past where sometimes when you create a new account, sometimes it takes a little bit for things to start working. So what I'm going to do is go ahead and log in with the email address that I just created. So that would be this. And go ahead and put in my password. Hopefully I remember the one that I used and click sign in and there we go. We have access to AWS with our brand new accounts here. So you can see the account name at the top right AWS, S3 Deep Dive. You can see the account ID and all that good stuff. And now we have access to use any of the services in AWS.