Now that we have access to our brand new account here, what we can do is we can access Amazon S3 directly. Now you can see I've already logged into our new account here at the top, right? You can see I'm currently in Ohio region, so if I click that, I can choose any of our regions. And it also says there are ten regions that are not enabled for this account. You can enable them if you need to, but I'm going to choose Northern Virginia here. So we're going to go to Northern Virginia, which is US East One, and now we can go to the Amazon S3 Service. So one of the commonly visited services is S3 and it's right here in the middle. But I'm going to showcase how to do it the hard way. I guess if you click on the search bar in the top left here, you can simply type in S3 and it'll bring up you can click on this for S3. The other way you can do it is click on services on the top left here and you can bring down a menu of all the services that are available. Now, if you scroll all the way down, you can see storage down here at the bottom and of course you can click on S3 or any other storage platform that you need. So I'm going to go ahead and click on S3 here. Again, you can search for it or choose it from the list of services. And there we go. We have access to the Amazon S3 console. Now we can immediately create a bucket using this button right here. Or you can see these three lines over here. You can click them, you get access to the side menu. So if you click on buckets over here, you can see that, well, we don't have any buckets because this is a brand new account. Of course, we don't have any buckets. Right? You can see that you get access to all the other features of Amazon S3, including access points, batch operations. Here's our block public access settings for our accounts. Here's storage lens, other things in here as well. So again, easy way to access the Amazon S3 service just by typing in S3 in the search bar or choosing S3 from the list of services underneath of the storage category.