Now that we've accessed the Amazon S3 console, what we're going to do is go ahead and create a new bucket. So I've clicked on buckets on the left here and I'm going to click this button right here in the middle. It says Create Bucket, or you can click on this yellow one in the top, right. So create a bucket. So what is our bucket name going to be? Remember, it must be globally unique and it can't contain spaces or uppercase letters, anything like that. So in this case, let's type in Amazon S3 deep dive dash bucket. How about that? Hopefully nobody's taking that name Now the AWS region. I want to store my data in. I'm just going to leave it as us-east-1. But of course you can choose other regions as well. So feel free to choose the region that's closest to you. Now I can copy the settings from an existing bucket, but I don't have any buckets in this account, so we can't do that for object ownership. I'm just going to leave the defaults right now. So leave ACLs disabled and bucket owner is going to be enforced. So that means that no matter who uploads objects to my bucket, well the bucket owner is going to own them. If you continue to scroll down, here's our block public access settings for this bucket. Notice that it's automatically checked for block all public access. We're going to leave that enabled for right now. But later on in the course we will uncheck that so we can showcase how you can make objects public. If we scroll down, here's where we can enable bucket versioning. So we'll go ahead and enable that. Here's where we can add tags to our bucket if we want to. We have default encryption server side encryption is automatically applied to any new objects. If you want to change the default to KMS, you can simply click this. You can choose from your list of keys here for the key that you want to use to encrypt your data. By default, you can choose whether you want to use a bucket key. I'm going to enable that. And of course you can also click on advanced Settings. You can see Object Lock is in here. We're not going to use object Lock right now, so we'll just disregard that for now and we'll see that in a future section of the course. So I'm going to minimize that and I'm going to go ahead and click Create Bucket down here. Oh, I forgot to choose S3 We're just going to leave the default as SSH S3 and I'm going to click Create Bucket and there we go. Successfully created a bucket Amazon S3 Deepdive Bucket. That means no one else in the world has that bucket. Now I own that bucket. You can't go create this bucket name in your account because I now own it. You can maybe create this bucket name, put your name at the end. So now we have our first bucket in AWS and we can immediately start putting files into it. That's pretty much it for this one. We're going to continue on with the lessons, but I want to quickly showcase how we can get into AWS. I can quickly get into the Amazon S3 console and of course create our bucket because it's really important for me to have students hands on quickly in the course so we get access to the tools that we're learning and start playing around with all the fun stuff. So thanks for watching this one and we'll see you in the next video.