All right. Welcome to the first student challenge of this course. These student challenges are designed to get you hands on experience with S3 versus just watching me talk in a lecture and showcasing things in a demo. When you are learning any new topic, it's always beneficial for you to get hands on experience. So I thought it was important to add these student challenges in this course. So let's take a look at our first student challenge, which is getting started with Amazon S3 So the first student challenge is create an S3 bucket. Now your manager is asking you to create an S3 bucket to store the company's website, images and assets. So you need to complete the following tasks. So the first thing we're going to do is create an S3 bucket and you can use the AWS management console or the AWS CLI if you're more comfortable that way. So what we're going to do in this video is we're going to follow through these step by step and we're going to walk through setting up this bucket and following all the directions in this student challenge. So on the other tab here, you can see that I have S3 already open and this is a brand new account. I don't have anything configured in this account because I wanted to mimic what it would look like maybe in your account. So anything in the student challenges is going to be different from anything that you see in the course. Because I wanted to keep it separate and again, mimic what it would look like in your account. So again, let's take a look at the instruction. The first thing says create an S3 bucket using the console, and it says, Use this particular name. All right. So I'm going to copy this name. We're going to S3, we're going to click on this big yellow button that says Create Bucket. All right. So I'm going to go ahead and paste that in there. And what we're going to do is take out your name and I'm going to put my name obviously on your side. Go ahead and replace it with your name. Now, if it's not unique, you may need to add your last name as well. So let's take a look at the instructions. It says, Choose the appropriate region for the S3 bucket. Considering the company location and the target audience. Now it says assume the location is near the region that's closest to you. All right. So from my side, I'm kind of equally far from northern Virginia and Ohio. I'll go ahead and choose Ohio. Obviously, if you're in Europe or India or something like that, choose a region that's closest to you. All right. Let's look at the instructions. It says, enable bucket versioning. So as we scroll down, we're going to go find bucket versioning and simply click on Enable. Now, we obviously haven't talked about bucket versioning in the course yet, don't worry about that. But want to go ahead and enable that up front. Now it says leave the remaining defaults for all the bucket configurations. So we're going to do that. We're going to scroll to the bottom and we're going to click on Create Bucket to create our first Amazon S3 bucket. So here we have the name Amazon S3 Deepdive Dash Bucket dash website dash. Brian You can see the region is US east two bucket and objects are not public. We haven't made any of the changes you can see when it was created. So we have our first bucket. Now what we can do is we can click into this bucket here and we can see, well, we don't have any objects because we just created the bucket, right? So let's go look at the instructions. The instructions say the images need to be organized based upon the website's different sections, home page, product data and blog. Create the folder structure. So what we need to do is go into our bucket and we're going to create our prefixes or our folders based upon the requirements. So we have one called Home page product, Blog and data. So we're going to go in here and we're simply going to click on Create folder and we'll create the first one called Home Page. That was the first one, right? We had home page right here, and then we're just going to scroll down and click Create folder, right, super easy, just like you would do on your own machine. So the next one we're going to create is called product. So we'll type that in, scroll to the bottom hit create folder, create folder. Again, the next one is going to be blog, add that Create folder. And finally we're going to create folder. And the last one was data. So we'll type in data here for our folder name and click Create folder. All right, so inside of our bucket now we have four prefixes or folders, blog data, home page and product. All right, so let's see what we need to do next based upon our instructions. So now we need to upload the objects as follows. Now all the reference objects are going to be over here under resources right here, and you can simply click on them and download them locally. Okay? So as you click on them, it's going to download to your downloads folder and you'll have those same files. All right. Now I've got those already listed right here and we're going to go ahead and upload those as requested. So I'm just going to move this to the other screen so it's easier to follow along. We'll go back over here. It says in The Root, we're going to put our customer sales dot PDF. All right. So root means that we're not going to put it inside of a folder. We're going to leave it at the root of the S3 bucket. So I'm going to grab customer sales and to upload you can simply drag and drop if you want to. All right. Now I'm going to leave all the defaults and simply click on upload. That's done. We can click on close and now you can see we have our prefixes, but we also have our customer sales. Pete PDF. Okay, now let's look at the instructions. It says Under the home page we're going to add world map and course cover. All right, So what we'll do is go into home page, we're going to click on this prefix No objects In this prefix I'm going to find world map and course cover. I'm going to drag and drop those over here. I'm going to scroll down, click on upload. All right, so that's done. Hit close. Now, again, we're under the home page prefix here under our bucket called Amazon S3 Deepdive Bucket website. Brian And you can see we have two objects. So you can click on the bucket at the top to go back to the bucket level. The next instructions say underneath product S3 Bucket Logo.jpg. Click on product. Find our S3 bucket logo drag and drop it over here. Upload. Close. We're done. Go back one level. Almost done. I know it seems sort of repetitive. Under blog, we're going to add our Covid 19 stats PDF. Scroll down. Upload. Close that out. And then finally, underneath of data, we're going to add transportation stats dot CSV. So underneath of data, grab our transportation stats, do that and click on upload. All right, that's finished. And we've got our data. So now we've wrapped up all the instructions here. We went ahead and created your first S3 bucket. We use this name. We chose the region for the bucket. We enabled versioning. We left all the defaults and created the bucket. Then we created all of these prefixes or folders inside of our bucket and we uploaded all the data to this specific prefixes that we need to. So this student challenge is going to prep us for all the remaining student challenges throughout the course. So congrats on creating your first S3 bucket and uploading your first objects into your S3 bucket.