So, now let's talk about IAM Permission Boundaries. So, permission boundaries are a concept that allows you to restrict an IAM policy, and they're supported only for users and roles, so not groups. And they are used to restrict the maximum permissions an IAM entity can get, so it's a bit complicated to understand. Let's go through an example. So, let's say here we have an IAM permission boundary where we say we allow s3:*, cloudwatch:* and ec2:*. That doesn't mean that we allow these things. That means that this is a boundary of what's possible to be allowed for your IAM policy. And then, if we have a permission right here that says Allow iam:CreateUser, that means that, the result, there is no permission. Why? Well, the right-hand side defines the actual permissions of the user, which is to allow iam:CreateUser, but the left-hand side restricted what the user can get permissions on, and the user is only allowed to have permissions on S3, CloudWatch and EC2. Therefore, the union of these two things represents no permissions. That's why it's called Permission Boundaries. You define the boundary of what's allowed for a policy to allow. So, these can be used in combination with AWS Organizations SCP. So, here we have the SCP, the permission boundary, and the identity-based policy, and the effective permissions are right in the center. So, permission boundaries, they operate a little bit like Organizations SCP. They just define what is the boundary of what's allowed, but then the identity-based policy defines what's actually allowed. So, the use cases for permission boundaries is to delegate responsibilities to non administrators within their permission boundaries, for example, to create new IAM users, or to allow developers to self-assign policies and manage their own permissions, while making sure they cannot elevate or escalate the privileges. For example, make themself admins because you have defined a boundary around their permissions. It's also very useful to restrict one specific user instead of a whole account using Organizations &amp; SCP, or to test out an SCP beforehand by just playing around with a permissions boundary. Okay, so I hope that helps you, and I will see you in the next lecture.