So now let's talk about the evaluation logic of IAM policies. So here is a simplified version and then we'll see the more complicated version. So by default, all the requests are implicitly denied except for the root user, which has full access no matter what. An explicit allow in an identity-based or resource-based policy overrides the default in one, so that means that everything was implicitly denied, but then we have an explicit deny, so things are gonna be accepted. If there is a permission boundary or an Organizations SCP or a session policy, then an explicit allow is used to limit actions. So anything that is not explicitly allowed through a permission boundary, an SCP, or a session policy is going to be an implicit deny and then the final decision will be overridden. It will be a deny. Any explicit deny, finally, in any policy overrides any allows you've ever had. So bottom line is if you have an organizational SCP, a permission boundary or a session policy, you must see an explicit allow, but it's not enough. You must also have an explicit allow in an identity-based or resource-based policy. That's for the simplified version. It may take a few times for you to agree with this and here is the longer graph. So you have a look at all these things. So we start at deny and then we evaluate all applicable policies. Then we look at if there is an explicit deny amongst all policies. If yes, the final decision is deny. There is no way around it. Then we look at if there is an SCP, and if there's an SCP, as we said before, there must be an explicit allow. Good. Then we move on to the next phase. We looked at resource-based policies. So if we have a resource-based policy, we have a look at if there's an allow. And if there's an allow, it's good enough. Else, we look into what's next and if there's an identity-based policy. So if there is an identity-based policy, yes, we look at whether or not there is an allow. If there's an allow, we look at permission boundaries to make sure that the boundaries of your identity-based policies are correct. And if there is a permission boundary if it's present, and there is an allow, we're good. Otherwise, no. And finally, we look at session policies. So this is when we have a role session and so on. So this is the more complicated version, but the version I just gave you from before should be enough for you to understand how to evaluate some logic. So we'll walk through several examples in this course, so don't worry too much, but you have the basics. So let's take a look at this policy right here. We have Deny sqs:* and Allow sqs:DeleteQueue. What can we do? So can we create a queue? Well, the answer is no. We cannot create a queue because we have Deny sqs:*. And can we delete a queue? Well, it's been explicitly allowed, sure, but it's also been explicitly denied for the first statement. So we cannot do sqs:DeleteQueue. And finally, can we do ec2:DescribeInstances? The answer is no, it hasn't been explicitly allowed and so therefore it's been implicitly denied. Okay, when we go cross-account, it gets a little bit more funky. So let's take an example of the account A that has Alice and account B that has an S3 bucket and we look at a request from account A to account B. So the requester in account A must have an identity-based policy that allows the action on the S3 buckets. And then in the bucket in account B, you must have a resource policy that is going to allow the requester in account A to access the resource. So this is different from being in the same account because when you're in the same account, you look at the combination of the identity-based policy and the resource policy and you look for one allow in between the two. But when you have two accounts, you look at whether or not do both accounts allow the request. That's why we're saying it's a bit more funky with cross-account access. So if you have a look of the simple use case of an IAM policy and a resource policy in the same account, if we have an empty IAM user IAM policy, but then the S3 bucket policy, the resource policy, actually explicitly allows this user through its ARN to access the bucket, then this is allowed. Remember, this is not allowed. Cross-account, when the same account, it is going to be allowed. If we take a look at a more complicated use case where we have an IAM policy, a VPC endpoint policy, and a resource policy, what is evaluated? So we have a look at the instance role. Here, we have s3:*. So we are allowed to do stuff on S3. Then the VPC endpoint policy does allow us to do list bucket, get object and put object on the bucket itself. So we've restricted the actions that are being made on the bucket. And finally, the bucket policy is saying, you cannot access me unless you come from this specific VPC endpoint. So as a whole, the EC2 instance will be allowed to do list bucket, get object, and put object on the VPC endpoint and only through the VPC endpoint. Because if the EC2 instance tries to access the S3 bucket directly, as you can see on the right-hand side, the policy is saying deny. And so we have an explicit deny. And because of the condition, if we try to access it without the VPC endpoint, the condition is going to trigger and so we'll get an explicit deny. So with this setup, we have effectively forced the EC2 instance to access the S3 bucket through the VPC endpoint and the VPC endpoint itself restricted the type of actions that the EC2 instance could do on our S3 bucket. Hopefully all of that makes sense for you now. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.