So now let's understand the difference between in a cross account type of use case accessing a resource Thanks to resource-based policy or a cross account IAM role. So the first option is to attach a resource-based policy to a specific resource, for example an S3 bucket policy and allow another account to access it. Or the second option is to use a role as a proxy for this. What do I mean? Well, we can have a user in account A, and we create a role in account B that allows us to access the Amazon S3 bucket in account B. The other option is to actually attach an S3 bucket policy of the Amazon S3 bucket in account B To allow the user in account A to access it. So they look similar, but there are a few differences. The first one is that when you assume a role would it be from a user application or service. Any type of original permissions are going to be given up and we're going to take only the permission assigned to the role. When you're using a resource-based policy the principle doesn't have to give up his permissions because just the resource policy will allow the user to do a specific action. So an example of where this becomes very important. For example, you have a user in account A and you need to do at the same time a scan of a DynamoDB table in the same account A and then send the output to an industry bucket in account B. In this case, resource-based policy will make your life a little bit easier. So resource-based policies are supported by so many resources on AWS. You have S3 buckets, SNS topics, SQS queues extra, extra, extra. So to summarize, IAM roles are going to be very helpful to give temporary permissions for a specific task and they will allow a user and application to perform many actions in a different account than the one you have When you are assuming an IAM role, The permissions will expire over time. Resource-based policy on the other end are used to control access to specific resources from a resource centric point of view. So the resource controls who can access it. This also allows cross account access very easily and it's a permanent can authorization as long as it's still in the resource-based policy. So if you take an example of Amazon Event Bridge for example, when the rule runs, it needs permission on the targets. So there is some targets that allow resource-based policies such as Lambda functions, SNS topics, SQS queues CloudWatch Logs, API Gateway. So, in that case we have an Eve bridge rule and the Lambda will have, for example a resource-based policy that allows Eve Bridge to invoke it. That's one way of doing things. The other way that Eve Bridge can work is that the IAM role may be needed. For example, if the target is a Kinesis data stream or systems manager run command or an ECS task, in that case the event bridge rule is going to assume an IAM role to make that API call onto the target service. On top of it, you can use the principle org ID condition in your resource policies to restrict access to accounts that are all members of the same organization. So it's very simple On your S3 bucket you just create and allow, put object and get object where the principle org ID is equals to the Org ID You have and any member accounts can access your S3 buckets but user outside your organizations or accounts outside your organizations cannot. So it's a very common way of using resource policies. So another example of resource policies is, for example for cross account access. Here we have two accounts, one SQS queue and an EC2 instance. And the EC2 instance is polling for messages. And so here we have an SQS queue access policy that is going to allow all of the accounts so 1 1 1 2 2 2, 3 3 3 to do SQS receive message on the queue. So this is necessary. And then the EC2 instance, of course itself must have enough permissions to also do the message polling on account A. An another example is to publish S3 event notifications to an SQS queue. So here we upload an object into the S3 bucket and the message is sent into the SQS queue. In that case, again, we can do a queue access policy that allows the source ARN to be a bucket. So here we're using a source ARN because it is a service to service type of communication. Then we can have string equal source account to identify the bucket owner account id and then we have the action SQS send message as authorized. So hopefully that makes sense. You start seeing the difference between resource-based policies and IAM roles and several examples of how it works within the same accounts or cross accounts. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.