So let's look at ABAC or Attributes Based Access Control. So this is a newer kind of way of doing access in AWS but it makes a lot of sense. So let's say you have a lot of users and a lot of AWS resources. Where you can do is that you can authorize each user to access specific resources but that can become very complicated to manage. The other option is to use fine word permissions based on user attributes. So for example, you say a user belongs to a department, a user belongs to a specific job, a user belongs to a specific team. And then instead of creating IAM roles for every team, you're going to use attributes based control to group attributes and identify which resources a set of user can access. How do we have these attributes? Well, by using tags. And so we are going to tag the users, and we're going to tag the resources, and we're going to create an IAM permissions to see if they match. So this is very helpful in rapidly growing environment because you can add resources and tag them and don't have to edit the IAM policies. So let's take the example of these two resources are tagged in red, these are tagged in green, and then the last ones are tagged in blue. And then we tag the user in red, in green, and in blue with the correct IAM policy. Then we make sure that the user A, can only access the resources tagged in red. The user B, tagged in green and the user C, tagged in blue. And that scales a lot and it's much easier. So to give you a concrete example of how tags are used for security, let's take an example of an EC2 instance. And this EC2 instance has an owner, user C, and another tag called Access Project equals Star Projects. Now we're going to create an IAM policy and the IAM policy is going to be attached to all the users. And here we're saying that there is a condition in this IAM policy for start and stop instances and we're saying that we want the resource tag of key owner to be equals to the username of the user and also want to have the access project tag to be equal to the same principle tag that has attached to the user for the key access projects. So it's a bit more complicated. We have IAM policy variables in there but basically what that means is that if you do attach the same tag, Access Project equals Star Project to user C, then automatically it's going to be allowed to access the EC2 instance because the access projects tag matches for user C and the EC2 instance. But then for user A or user B, which have a different tag, then it doesn't match and the access is denied. So if you wanna compare ABAC and RBAC, so role based access control will define fine grain permissions based on the user role or function. So you have administrators or DB admins or DevOps. And you can create different policies for different job functions. Disadvantage that when you want to create new resources, you may have to update your policies. If you're using attribute based access controls using tags, then the advantage is that you can scale permissions easily because you can just create new resources, tag them appropriately, and you don't need to update the underlying IAM policy of your users. And then, the permissions are granted automatically based on these attributes. So you require fewer policies, you don't need to create different policies for different job functions. And on top of it, you can get some users attributes directly from corporate directories. For example, SAML 2.0 IDP or a Web IDP. So hopefully you now understand the power of attribute based access control. I hope you like this lecture and I will see you in the next lecture.