So, now let's talk about MFA or Multi-Factor Authentication. So users have access to your account and they can possibly change configurations or delete resources in your accounts. And so you want to make sure that you are going to protect your Roots account and your IAM users. So, MFA implies that you have a password you know to log into AWS and then a security device you own that's going to give you a code that allows you to do the login. So, Alice has a password and then thanks to the device you own, for example, your phone or a security key or whatever, then you're going to get a successful login. So the main benefit of MFA is that even if you lose your password, then the account is not compromised. The hacker will still need to be able to access your MFA device which is very unlikely, to access your accounts. So, you have different options. In AWS, you have a virtual MFA device which is something that Google Authenticator or Authy. And you can have support from multiple tokens on a single device. So, you just register the service and then it gives you a code. Or you can use, for example, a security key such as a YubiKey, which supports for multiple root and IAM users using a single security key. You also have the hardware type of MFA devices. So for example, one by Gemalto which gives you a code or you have the hardware Key Fob MFA device for AWS GovCloud which is provided by SurePassID and again gives you a code that you just enter while logging in. So, why do I talk about MFA? Well, because thanks to MFA we can have conditions and the first one is around Amazon S3 - MFA Delete. So if you enable MFA Delete, you force users to generate a code on a device before doing important operations on Amazon S3. So MFA can be required, for example, to permanently delete an object version because this is a destructive type of operation or suspend versioning on the bucket. But MFA for MFA Delete is not going to be required for enabling versioning or listing deleted versions. So lesser, less dangerous API calls, let's say. So to use MFA Delete, you must first enable versioning on the bucket and only the bucket owner so the root accounts can enable or disable MFA Deletes. The other way to use MFA is around IAM conditions with the condition MultiFactorAuthPresent. So here we have an IAM policy which allows everything on EC2, but then the second statement is quite interesting. So, we're saying that we cannot stop or terminate the instances if we have MultiFactorAuthenticationPresent false. So that means that if we don't have MFA, we cannot stop or terminate instances. And that makes sense. It's very secure because, well, you want to make sure your users are authenticated using MFA. So, we'll use this Boolean condition and then we'll restrict very dangerous operations such as stopping an instance or terminating an instance. And it's compatible with the Console, but also compatible with the CLI. There is another condition we can use such as MultiFactorAuthAge. So, this is what it would look like. You would have MultiFactorAuthPresent and also MultiFactorAuthAge in your conditions. And this allows you to grant access only within a specified time after the MFA authentication. So in this example, we're using the numeric less than and we're saying, "Hey, if the multifactor of age is less than 300 seconds, then you should allow it. But if it's more than 300 seconds, then don't allow it." So, this is how you would use this condition. You also have a very important edge case with MFA. You're going to get sometimes an error message saying, "Not Authorized to Perform the iam:DeleteVirtualMFADevice." So this happens even though the user has the correct permissions to delete this virtual MFA device. So, you make an API call to delete it and then you're not authorized. So, this is a very small edge case on AWS, but you need to know about it for the exam. And this happens if someone began assigning a virtual MFA device to a user, but then canceled the process. So for example, you created an MFA device for a user but you never activated it. Then what you need to do is of course delete the existing MFA device and then associate a new device. And to prevent this thing, you can have a policy that allows a user to delete their own MFA device if they are already authenticated with MFA. So, if you are getting into this kind of issue then the only option out of it is to have the administrator to use the CLI or the APIs of AWS to remove the existing but deactivated device. So, the administrator is the one to delete the virtual MFA device and then you're unstuck. So, it's a weird one I know, but something that can come up in the exam and that's the answer. The admin has to delete the virtual MFA device. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.