So now let's talk about AWS STS which is a security service at the backbone of all of AWS. So it's called a Security Token Service and it allows to grant limited and temporary access to AWS resources. So you have tech tokens and they can be valid up for to one hour or more and they must be refreshed when they're invalid. So when you want to get these tokens you must first issue an API call into the STS service. So when you assume a role, for example, this is an STS AssumeRole API call. What's going to happen is that you assume a role within your accounts for enhanced security so that you have credentials that will be invalidated after a while, or you can assume a role in a Cross Account Access type of setting, to assume a role in a target account to perform actions there. So AssumeRole gives you credentials and then they will be expired at some point. So you need to AssumeRole when credentials expire. You can also AssumeRoleWithSAML. So that means that your users are logged in with SAML and then you extend that SAML token to get credentials from STS, you first must configure of course, STS, to be able to exchange and verify these SAML tokens. You can also do AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity. So this way when the users are identified with an identity provider such as Facebook Login Google Dot login, or anything OIDC compatible, and then they're going to exchange these credentials for, again, credentials of STS. They're gonna be temporary. And now this API call is sort of deprecated and AWS is going to recommend for you to use Cognito instead. You also have GetSessionToken. So this is when you're doing MFA from a user or an account root user and you want to get actual credentials after having logged in with MFA. So when you're using STS to assume a role, you must first define an IAM role within your account or cross account, and then you define which principles can access this IAM role. Then you're going to use the STS service, to retrieve credentials, and then impersonate the IAM role you have access to, for example, using the AssumeRole API. So again, as I said, you have temporary credentials. So if you have a look here, for example a user wants to access a role in the same or another account is going to do AssumeRole API to STS. Of course he must be authorized to perform that API call. Then STS is going to look at the permissions, and then say, "Okay, you're good to go." Here are some temporary credentials, and then these credentials are going to be used, and we will have assumed the role, Thanks to these credentials. So if we have a look at Cross-Account Access with STS, let's say we have a Dev account and a Prod account and we have an S3 bucket in Prod that we want to access from IAM users in a group in Dev. So the first thing we have to do is to create an IAM role in the production account And this IAM role is going to have access to the S3 buckets. Next, we grant in the IAM group permissions, to assume the UpdateApp IAM role from the other accounts. So we're going to be able to assume this role and then we're going to get back STS Role Credentials. And then these credentials will allow us to access the bucket in the target accounts. So this IAM role, that we define in the production accounts, must also of course, authorize the development accounts to assume it. And so if you have an IAM group of testers that are not authorized to assume this role then they cannot access your production account. So you've seen the process of using STS to assume a role and get temporary credentials. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.