So there are two versions of STS you need to know about. You have STS Version 1 and STS Version 2. So by default, STS Version 1 is available as a global single endpoint at this URL. And so when you're a user, you're going to make an API call into STS. You're going to use it's global endpoint and you're going to get back an STS Token v1. And this global endpoint supports only the regions that are enabled by default in your accounts, but you can actually have a setting to change and enable "All Regions" for STS. The other option is to have STS Version 2. And the reason why we have STS Version 2 is that the Version 1 tokens, as I said, they do not work with for the new AWS Regions. For example, if you consider the me-south-1 region, it's not enabled by default. And so to get a token for that region, you must use, instead, a Regional STS endpoint, and that's available in all regions. So here for the me-south-1 region, we have a STS Regional endpoint, and if we do a query onto it, we're going to get an STS token in the Version 2 format. So whether we have a global endpoint and a regional endpoint, well, if you're using a regional endpoint you're going to get reduced latency. You're going to get built-in redundancy. And you can increase the session token validity. So, by the way, the tokens you are going to obtain through a regional endpoint are still going to be valid for all the AWS Regions. So overall, it's much better for you to use token Version 2 than token Version 1. So if you have an error like this, which says, "Hey, you cannot, for example, describe your instances because AWS was not able to validate the provided access credentials." You have two options. This is an issue with STS. The first one is to use the Regional STS Endpoint in any region, which is going to return the STS Tokens Version 2. And then you use the closest regional endpoint for the lowest latency. The second one is to use the global endpoint, which is going to give you Version 1 Tokens, but you can actually change the setting on the global endpoint to start issuing you STS Tokens Version 2. So that's it for this lecture. It's an exam question. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.