So now let's talk about the AWS EC2 Instance Metadata Service, also called IMDS. So this service gives you information about an EC2 instance. For example, it's hostname, the instance type, the network settings, and so on. And how do we know about this? Well, there is this special URL that you can access from within the EC2 instance itself, and it's called the metadata service. So this is the URL right here: 169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data. It's called the IMDS Service Endpoint. And so when you have an EC2 instance you can just perform Http request into it and get some information. So you can either use some CLI tools such as Curl or Web gets, or use the EC2 API from AWS. So the metadata inside of this IMDS service is going to be stored in key value pairs. So when do you use this? Well, it's very helpful when you want to be automating tasks such as setting up an instance hostname, configure networking or installing software. So I'm gonna give you a couple of information around what can be obtained as of using the IMDS service. So you can get the ami-id, the block-device-mappings for your disks, the instance-id, the instance-type, the network. You can get the hostname, the local-hostname the local-ipv4, the public-hostname, and the public-ipv4. You can get some information around Iam such as the InstanceProfileArn, and the InstanceId. You can even get temporary credentials for the role attached to your instance. This is the magic behind Iam roles. I will show you in a second in the diagram how that works. You can also get the placement information for your EC2 instance, such as the region has been launched in, the AZ it's been launched in, or the placement group name. So for example, if you have a cluster or spread or a partition placement group, you have security groups so the names of the security groups that are attached onto the instance as well as any tags attached to the instance. So as you can see from within the EC2 instance, you can get a lot of information from the Instance Metadata Service. So how does it work for the EC2 instance role? How does the EC2 instance actually obtain credentials? Well, whenever you have an application on your EC2 instance that leverages the SDK or the CLI and makes an API call into AWS, the SDK itself or the CLI is going to make first a call into the security credentials part of the metadata service. And then the IMDS service endpoint is going to be returning an access key id, a secret access key and an exploration in a token, which means that you have temporary credentials onto your EC2 instances. And these temporary credentials are allowed to do whatever you have assigned in terms of policy for the EC2 instance Iam role. And this is the magic behind how EC2 instances actually get credentials to perform the API calls they need against AWS. You may also want sometimes to restrict access to the EC2 Instance Metadata Service. So two ways you can do it. Number one is to use local firewall rules which is going to disable access for some or all processes on your EC2 instance. So you can use IP tables for Linux or PF or IPFW for FreeBSD. So this is the kind of command you can have and you say, "Hey, reject any traffic going into 169.254." That 169.254. which is the URL for the EC2 instance metadata service. Or you can simply turn off access using the AWS console or the CLI when you start an EC2 instance. It's called HttpEndpoint equals disabled. And this is very important because this ap, this part, the HttpEndpoint equal disabled can come up sometimes in Iam policies. Alright, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.