So let's talk about the difference between IMDSv1 and IMDSv2. So you have two versions. The first version is accessible at this URL and the second version is more secure and is done in actually two steps. The first one is to get a session token using headers and PUT. This will be the kind of request you do so, you query the same IP, but this time the path is / latest / API / token And you do a PUT on there and you define a TTL for that token, so time to live. And then using the token you will get out of this API call. You're going to use that token in IMDSv2 calls using headers. So they're the same API calls as before but this time you add a header and the header is passing the token you had before as the AWS EC2 metadata token. So this may seem just like one extra step and that's it. But the version two has security implications that AWS is describing on their own blog. I won't argue with it but you can have a long read if you want. It's quite a long piece. But the idea is that you have a newer version of IMDSv2 that's more secure and has two steps now. And it's preferable to use IMDSv2 than IMDSv1. So how do we require the usage of IMDSv2? Well, it turns out that both versions are available no matter what they're enabled by default. But then there's a CloudWatch metric called Metadata No Token that shows how much IMDSv1 is used. Why is it called Metadata No Token? Well, if you don't use a token to access the metadata service which is IMDSv1 then you're using Metadata No Token. And so therefore, if that metric is greater than zero that means that you are still using IMDSv1. You can also, if you wanted to force Metadata version 2 at instance launch using either the console. So there's an option when you start your EC2 Instance to say "Hey, I want V1 and V2" or "I want V2 only" where the token is required. Or using the CLI saying "Hey, HTP tokens required" Again, remember tokens means IMDSv2. Finally, when you create an AMI, you can also require IMDSv2 by using the command line option. IMDS support V2 when registering that AMI. There's also other ways you can do, so for example, you can make sure that the Role Credentials are retrieved for the EC2 instance is only from IMDSv2. Well, how? Well when you have a roll delivered to your EC2 instance, now there is a IAM contacts key called the EC2 Role Delivery. Which is going to be equal to 1.0 if you're using IMDSv1 and 2.0 if you're using IMDSv2. So if we have this policy that's attached to the IAM role of an EC2 instance and we say "Hey deny everything, if the EC2 role delivery is less than 2.0" What's going to happen is that if you are getting credentials for role delivery 1 then this denied statement is going to come into place and everything is going to be denied. So that's one way of doing it. The other way to protect only some resources, for example, would be to attach the same policy to an S3 bucket. And what you would do is that any EC2 instance that would've obtained role credentials with IMDSv1 one would be refused into the S3 buckets. And if you want to restrict an entire account for IMDSv2, then you can attach this very same policy as an SCP in your account and then you will force IMDSv2 to be used everywhere. Otherwise API calls will be denied. So to prevent the launch of an EC2 two instance using old instance metadata, what you can do is that you can attach it as an SCP or an IAM policy, whatever you want, you can attach this and it says deny EC2 two run instances when metadata tokens is not equals to required. So if we don't specify tokens then you cannot launch run instances. So that makes sense. Or if you have an instance that's already running you can modify the metadata option. It's called modify instance metadata options API call for EC2, and you can say "Hey deny this API call" except if you are, for example an admin that has the ability to re enable IMDSv1. So those are some options but you can definitely force IMDSv2 in several ways. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.