So let's go ahead and create an access point. And for this, on the left hand side, I have the access point direct menu. And in here I can create an access point. So I call this one "demo access point." and then you have to specify a bucket name. So I can specify the demo-S3-event-Stephane in my bucket, the region is determined by my bucket location, so EU-West-1, and then the network origin for this access point. So is this a VPC access or is this an internet access? Now if you specify the VPC access, that means that you want all the traffic to be coming from within your VPC. So you want it to remain private, in which case, while the S3 console doesn't support accessing the S3 bucket resource using the VPC access points, and you need to use the API. If to specify VPC, you need to obviously specify a VPC ID but I wanna demo stuff to use. So I will use the internet, and in the internet I will be able to access my access point publicly. Next, do we want to block public access settings for this access point? So we have the same setting as your S3 buckets and then the access point policy, which is written in JSON., and will provide access to the object store. So let's look at some examples for policies for access points. So let's say we want to ensure that this bucket name right here is only accessed through a access powering policy and it will only give access to a subfolder. So for this, I can go into the policies example. And I will scroll down. So I will click on access point policies examples, and then I will show you the first step. So the first step is to create an access point policy grant. And so I'm going to copy this and paste it. And if you look at the statements, so we allow a specific user, for example, I can take my account ID in here, and say the user Stephane is only going to be able to do get object and put object on, and then I need to specify the proper region. So it's EU-West-1. The account ID again is here. Access point, okay. And here is the name of the access point I have. So let's just copy this name right here and call it my access point, access point name. and then object, Stephane, star. So this is going to only allow me to write to the directory Stephane star, which is I think pretty cool. And so this is the access point policy. So now it's been applied and I can access this access point right here. And as you can see, it took me directly into the demo-S3-Stephane bucket and it created an excess point as well in here. So my access point is now linked to my buckets. And what I can do is that I can go now to my bucket's permissions and change the bucket policy. Why? Well, because we've created an access point in here, and that means that if we access our S3 buckets through this access point and my Stephane user access it through this access point, then it's only gonna be allowed to access a specific sub directory. But my user's Stephane could still access my bucket through the buckets directly. So what I need to do, is go into permissions and create a bucket policy that will be blocking any access other than access points. And to do so, you click on delegating access control to access points, and then you need to paste that bucket policy in. So let's do it. So we'll edit this bucket policy and paste it. And in this example we're saying, okay, allow any, when. Okay, any action on the bucket ARN, so which you get the bucket ARN right here. So the resources, this one and then this one, slash star. Okay. As long as the access point accounts is using the buckets accounts ID. So here it is, I'm going to paste this in. So effectively what we're saying is that, this S3 bucket can only be accessed if you are using an access points coming from this accounts. And this is the current accounts. So this is good because now what we're doing, is that we're saying, hey, you can only access this buckets, okay, through the access points. And now you can define as many access points as you want directly in here. So I've created one, but I could create another one. And then through the access points, as you can see, we can view the buckets and so on. And there's going to be a specific ARN for this access point. So that's it for this lecture. We've seen access points in details. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.