So let's go ahead and practice S3 access logs. And for this I'm going to create an S3 access log, stephane-v3 bucket. And then I will go ahead and create that bucket. So that bucket is going to be our logging bucket, and I'm going to keep this open here. And in another tab I'm going to take one of my buckets that I've created, and then I'm going to enable the logging. So I just took one bucket, but whatever bucket you want for you really. I will go on Properties and then I will scroll down and look for Server access logging. So we edit it. So let's Enable it. And as you can see, the Bucket policy will be updated for the target bucket where we want to write data. So first we have to specify a destination. So, oops. So I'm going to go in my bucket and type access. So stephane access log v3. This is the bucket I want and I will choose this as my destination. Then we have a destination region. So this is eu-west-1. We have the destination bucket name. Prefix, this is if I wanted to select an optional prefix in my bucket to, for example, have /logs, but we will not do this. And then the Log object key format. So we have this format right here, and there is an example here given to me as the log key example. Or if I use the second one, I can also specify a different S3 event time or a log file delivery time. And again, this would change my final key format. Right now we're going to keep it as default. So let's just use the first option, okay, which will be enough for our use case. And then click on Save changes. And now my S3 Server access logging is enabled. So now what I can do is I can go to my objects. I can click on this one, I can maybe open it. Back into my bucket, I can go in it and I can upload a file. So I'll add a file and it'll be, for example, my beach.jpeg. So you can do a lot of things in your bucket. And all of this is going to generate activity. And this activity is going to be logged into your logging buckets. Now if I refresh, as you can see, nothing happens yet. That's because it takes a little bit of time for your access logs to go into your logging buckets. But what we can do in the meantime is have a look at the Permissions, because when we enabled the server buckets, so when were right here, the Server access logging, when we enabled it, it was saying that the Bucket policy will be updated. So let's verify that. We can scroll down and we have the Bucket policy right here. And indeed, yes, the bucket policy was updated to allow the logging service of Amazon S3 to put objects into this buckets. So this is pretty good. So this, now what we have to do is go back into our bucket and wait for the first logs to be sent. So it took a couple of hours, but I just refreshed. And in my bucket, I see a lot of files now, objects, and these have been created directly for my access logs. So I can click on one of them and I can open it, for example. And in here I'm able to see, well, what happened? And this is quite hard to decipher, okay? But it gives you the API call, the success rate, who accessed it, what bucket it was, at what time, and a lot of information. So, okay, that's it for S3 access logs. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.