So now let's talk about a service that I wish wasn't named like this, but is named like this. It's the Cognito identity pools, also called Federated Identities. And I wish it wasn't named like this because it's so not the same as the Cognito user pool, but it's under the same umbrella of Cognito, which I don't like, but it's just my personal opinion. Let's try to understand what Cognito identity pools are. So our users are outside of our AWS environments, and they can be a web application users or mobile users, and they want access to stuff within our AWS environments. So for example, they want to have access to DynamoDB table or an S3 bucket. And so to access these things, they need temporary AWS credentials. So we cannot create normal IAM users for these users because there are too many of them, it doesn't scale and we don't trust them. So instead, we are going to give these users access to AWS through a Cognito identity pool. So this identity pool can allow your users to log in through a trusted third-party. And that could be a public provider, for example, log in with Amazon, Facebook, Google and Apple. Or even allow the users that are already logged in with the Amazon Cognito user pool or even allow OpenID Connect providers and SAML providers. Or, finally, the developer authenticated identities, which is a custom login server. So on top of all these login providers to allow to give our users their identity before they trade it for AWS credentials, we can allow unauthenticated guest users access into AWS. So it is possible for us to define a guest policy and give our guest users AWS credentials. So once the users have obtained these AWS credentials, then they can access the AWS services directly with the API call using an SDK or through the API gateway. So these these credentials that the users get, they have an IAM policy that is defined by what we do in Cognito identity pools, and they can be customized based on the value of the user ID for fine grained control and we'll see this in this theory lecture. So, I'll try to make it as simple as possible. So we have a web and mobile applications and they want to access our private S3 bucket and a DynamoDB table, but we want to make sure the users first get credentials of AWS, but we don't want to create an IAM user for these applications. So what do we do? We're going to leverage Cognito identity pools, but first we want the users to get a login and obtain a token out of this login. So we will allow our users to connect, for example, to a Cognito user pool, or to connect to Google login, Facebook login, so for social identity providers or SAML or Open ID Connect. So they will log in with any of those. They will get a token and they will go and talk to the Cognito identity pool service to exchange the token for temporary AWS credentials. So first, the identity pool will verify the login with whatever provider we have defined. And then once it's validated, Cognito identity pool will talk to the STS service to get temporary credentials for our web and mobile application users. Once this is done, the credentials are returned to our applications and they can use and directly access AWS thanks to these credentials and the associated IAM policy. So this is very simple and a big difference from what Cognito user pools are, but you see there's a lot of common, especially around the identity provider. So the question is how does it work if I use Cognito identity pools with Cognito user pools? So here's the answer. We have the same diagram. We want our users to connect to a private S3 bucket or DynamoDB table, but we want their identity to be stored in Cognito user pools. Okay, so this is the same diagram as before, but I'm just expanding into Cognito user pools. So they're going to log in and get a token. And why would you do this? Well, maybe because we want all our users to be centralized in the Cognito user pools database. So it could be an internal database of users, or we can also enable social identity providers SAML and OpenID Connect as federated identity providers for our Cognito user pools. But nonetheless, all users are going to show up in my Cognito user pool. Then our web and mobile application users can exchange those JSON web tokens obtained from Cognito user pools into the Cognito identity pool for credentials so there will be verification of these tokens and then talking to the STS service to get these credentials that will be returned to our web and mobile applications. And then thanks to these credentials, we will have direct access into AWS. If you understood this, I'm so happy and you're good to go for the exam. So how does Cognito identity pools decide which role to apply to which user? Well, we can define a default IAM role for both authenticated users and guest users. So that means the guest users will have one IAM role and the other will have another one's IAM role. And we can define rules to choose which role goes to which user based on the user ID. And then we can customize the IAM policy thanks to using policy variables. And this will be allowing us to make sure that the users will only get access to what they need in DynamoDB or Amazon S3, for example. These IAM credentials are obtained by Cognito identity pools through the STS service with the API call named AssumeRoleForWebIdentity. And for it to work, the roles must have a trust policy of Cognito identity pools. So I'll make it a bit more concrete. Here is an example. So we want to give our guest users access to AWS, and so we want to create an IAM policy, for example, that would allow any guest user to do a GetObject on a bucket for my_picture.jpg. So this would give us for the guest users access to AWS with a very simple, and obviously restricted, IAM policy. Then for the authenticated users, we can define a policy variable on Amazon S3. So our users are connected, but we want to make sure that they only have access to a prefix in your S3 bucket that represents what the user identity is. And so as such, you can use a policy variable like here in green, and this is allowing a user to only access within the bucket we've defined, anything that starts with the prefix of its user ID. So effectively we gave the user access only to what it can access thanks to its user ID. And we can define the same on DynamoDB. So here is a sample policy in which we allow the user to do anything it wants on DynamoDB for my table, as long as the leading key for DynamoDB is corresponding to the user ID of the user. So effectively we've done row-based security thanks to this IAM policy. Now these are advanced, but I just wanted to give you a sneak peek into how they worked. So that's it for this theory lecture. In the next lecture, we're going to practice Cognito identity pools.