Okay, so let's see a few more details about IAM Identity Center. First one is on permission sets. So permission sets is a collection of one or more IAM policies that define access for users and groups to within your AWS accounts. So for example, the permission sets can contain either AWS-managed policies, such as administrator access or power user access, et cetera. And these policies, because they're managed by AWS, they're available in all your accounts. Or inline policy. So these are policies you attach directly into your permission sets and you write them. Or you can also have customer-managed policies. And these are IAM policies that you create and maintain in your accounts. But there is something. If you are using customer managed policies, you should know that you should create these policies in each of the accounts, where we assign this permission sets. So that means that if we create a developer access policy in IAM Identity Center, it should be present in all the target accounts, where we plan to use that permission set and that it can be an exam question. So once you have all this in place, then your users in the group developers can access all your accounts because they can see these permissions in the target accounts as well. So it's super important that you do so. And to manage these policies across multiple accounts and make sure they're consistent, you should be always thinking about CloudFormation stack sets, for example. There's a way also for you to do delegated administration in IAM Identity Center. The idea is that you create in the management of accounts the entity of IAM Identity Center, but then you're going to delegate the administration of this to one of the member accounts in the organization. To do so, you must first create the permission sets in the management accounts to enable the delegation, and then you must first create a first user assignment in the delegated accounts. And then you have the setup correct. What the delegated account cannot do is delete any IAM Identity Center configurations or manage any permission sets provision in the management accounts, but they can recreate and manage permission sets within the delegated scope in all the other accounts. Delegated administrators cannot add or remove other member accounts, and they cannot enable or disable user access in the management account. So the idea behind all these restriction is that you cannot elevate your rights as a delegated administrator and you can only do just the administration. So here is what it looks like. Again, we have IAM Identity Center in our management accounts, and then we have a security accounts that will be the delegated administrator that will have admin access to manage everything within IAM Identity Center, except, of course, promote itself to higher privileges. So the exam may ask you, how do I enable the integration between a service and IAM Identity Center? And most of the time, the answer is that it's just one click because there is an out-of-the-box app integration. For example, for Amazon Q Developer, now called Kiro, or for Amazon Q Business, all you have to do is just click on Enable it and then enable IAM Identity Center and you're good to go. So this is also the case for Amazon OpenSearch Service, Amazon Redshift, Amazon Athena, SageMaker, Kendra, Managed Grafana, Workspaces. And for a list of all the supported services, you can go to this link. But if you just remember the list I gave you, you should be good to go for the exam. So let me just remind you how SAML 2.0 Federation works with IAM Identity Center. So we have the Identity Center, the Identity Store, for example, Microsoft Active Directory, we have the STS service, and our accounts within the organization. So we first browse to the IAM Identity Center portal, which is going to authenticate the user against the Identity Store. So you see all the authentication happens at the Identity Store level, and that's important to remember. Next, we're gonna get back a SAML assertion. And behind the scenes is going to be swapped with the STS service to get temporary AWS credentials. And these credentials are going to be used to access our AWS accounts. So this is the flow. What's important to remember here is that the authentication happens now within the Identity Store, which brings us to attribute mapping. So here, what's going to happen is that we're going to get attributes directly out of the Active Directory, and they're going to have different names. For example, you have the userprincipalname, the objectsid, the mail, displayname, objectguid, givenname, and memberOf on the right hand side. But these are not the exact fields that are expected by IAM Identity Center. And so on the right hand side, the list of fields may change based on what you use for versions of Active Directory or versions of a backend. And so we should be doing is tell IAM Identity Center how to map these attributes to the attributes that IAM Identity Centers expects, which are username, sid, email, displayname, externalid, name.givenname, and Groups. And the idea is that once you've done this mapping, then the integration is good to go. And also, because I showed you that the authentication happens at the backend level, for example, within Microsoft Active Directory and not directly with AWS, if you want to set a password policy and you wanted to enforce it, this has to be done within your Active Directory, not in AWS. The IAM Identity Center service only acts as a federation broker. That means it's going to connect things and it relies instead on the AD for authentication and password management, as well as expect making sure that the attributes are mapped correctly back to IAM Identity Center. All right, that's it. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.