All right. So we saw that your chunking strategy is one way to optimize the retrieval phase from your knowledge base or retrieval augmented generation system. Another is optimizing the actual sizes of those embedding vectors themselves. So if you recall those embedding vectors that were translating our chunks of text into kind of, sort of represent the meaning of those chunks of texts, more specifically, how close those vectors are to each other represents how semantically similar these bits of text are to each other. So you need to kind of figure out how big do those vectors really need to be. If it's too big, you're wasting space and you're spending money storing more information than you need to and sending more data across the wire than is necessary. Right? But if the vectors are too small, then you're going to lose some of that important meaning, some of that important information, and it will affect the quality of your retrieval. So smaller vectors will mean fewer dimensions per chunk, and it will cost you less to store and process that data. But there's going to be a trade off with your retrieval performance there as well. Now Titan has a default of 1024 or more dimensions. I've seen it cited as 1024 or 1536. Maybe it's changing, but it's a lot, right? So if you're storing a chunk of like 300 characters, you might actually be spending more money storing that embedding vector than the actual chunk of data. So ask yourself, you know, what's the size of my chunks? First of all, do I really need that much information to encode what it means? And it might have to do with the the domain that you're dealing with as well. So depending on what kind of data you're storing maybe it's pretty straightforward stuff. You know, there aren't a whole lot of categories of things that might be similar to each other. In that case, maybe you can get away with a smaller dimension size than a larger one. So if the semantic concepts you're searching for are complex, you might benefit from larger vector sizes in your embeddings. But if not, maybe you can experiment with smaller ones and save a few bucks. What do I mean by sparse and dense embeddings? So this term is kind of used in different ways, but technically a sparse vector is one that's mostly empty. That's why it's sparse. An example is one hot encoding. So say I have a vector that represents what kind of an animal something is. Maybe I have a dimension for every animal I know about, and I just have a one in the one that's actually correct and a zero in all the other ones. Right? Very extreme example there. But you know, a vector representing a chicken might just have a one in the chicken dimension and a zero in the squid dimension and so on and so forth. And a bonobo would have a one in the bonobo dimension, but a zero in the lemur dimension. Right. So that's an example of a sparse vector. Very similar, but obviously there's a lot of wasted space there. And that's a problem. What you see almost all the time, like I've never seen anything. But this personally is a dense embedding. So in the context of generative AI, typically we have these floating point dimensions where taken together, these dimensions represent a vector in multidimensional space that represents the semantic meaning of that chunk of data. This is generally what you use. Now these can be smaller because there's not a lot of wasted space. It's really packing that information in there, right. That's why we call it a dense embedding vector. Now there's a trade off here. A sparse vector is going to give you bigger similarity factors. So you see these used a lot in recommender systems where we're trying to say, okay, here's the stuff this person bought. Here's the stuff this other person bought. How similar are they? And you can get some really clean similarity metrics using those sparse vectors. But dense vectors are going to be a lot more efficient both in memory and in general. Now there are ways to compress sparse vectors. And we see that in recommender systems. Kind of hard to do that on a GPU though. So um, you know, you don't see that as much in generative AI. Wait, what's the similarity factor? What am I talking about there? So a similarity factor is just some measure of how close those vectors are. So we've talked about, you know, embeddings kind of being close to each other, representing two things having a similar meaning. How do we actually measure that. Well, that's what a similarity factor is. And a very common one is the cosine similarity factor. All it is is the cosine between those two vectors. And you can do that in multidimensional space. It doesn't have to be just x and y. The math is the same. And if you remember your trigonometry from high school, the cosine is related to the angle between the two vectors. And it's set up in such a way that if two vectors are the same, you end up with a cosine of one. If they're totally different, then it's a cosine of zero. So it is basically a measure of how close those vectors are to each other in that embedding space. The other nice thing is that cosine has a nice smoothness to it. So it doesn't just have these sharp points. You know, with these discontinuities, you know, it has a smooth up and down motion, which makes it a little bit more useful from a mathematical standpoint to cosine similarity. Remember that one. Also, another way to optimize your retrieval is by embedding metadata along with your embedding vectors as well. So you can feed more than just the raw text of the chunk into a knowledge base, and get back these embedding vectors in your vector store. Um, you know, typically you'll store both the chunk itself and its embedding vector. So you can look up those chunks by their embeddings. Right. But you can also pass in metadata. And this is important. So if you pass in a metadata dot JSON file to your knowledge base, when you're creating it, you can specify additional metadata with each chunk. And because it's being flagged as metadata and not a content column, uh, the knowledge base will know not to try to chunk that up. You know, that's just going to be metadata that's attached to each chunk. As an example, let's say I have a book about chickens getting back to chickens. So I could have a passage from the introduction of that book that says, A chicken is a domesticated bird commonly raised for meat and eggs. And I might have some metadata associated with that chunk. It's from the introduction section. The book is about biology, and it hits these keywords about chicken, domesticated bird meat, eggs. So that can all be associated with that chunk. And that can let me do sort of a hybrid approach when I'm searching for that chunk of data in my vector data store. So when I'm looking that up from the vector embeddings, I can start initially with that semantic similarity, the distance between those embedding vectors. But then I can use that metadata maybe to fine tune those results, maybe to rerank those results based on how relevant the metadata for that chunk is to the prompt that's coming in. That's called Reranking. We'll talk about that in a little bit more detail later on in the course. But the idea here that I want you to take home is I can actually attach metadata to my chunks in addition to the embedding vectors themselves, and I can use that metadata to optimize my retrieval even further. And other examples of metadata. You might include the original document ID that might let me go back and get the original source document and do something with that. The category of this information, it could be access control information. You know, maybe I want to use that to make sure that, um, this information is not being used in certain scenarios. Right. Uh, the data lineage of where this came from, maybe I need to document that, uh, for example, in providing citations. So if I have a chunk of data, I can attach metadata saying where that data came from. And maybe I can cite that in my final response from the system or any additional context that you want to attach to this chunk of text. So you can see metadata can be very important in your vector store. You can have more than just the embedding vector and the actual raw text. You can have information surrounding that as well that can be retrieved along with it to improve your retrieval further. And the chicken approves. A quick note on keeping your knowledge bases up to date. So how do you make sure it's not stale? That's also important for getting good results out of it, right? So one general idea is that if you have new or changed content, maybe there's some sort of an event trigger, like an S3 event that can kick off a Lambda function, which in turn can kick off a batch update to your knowledge base, right? So maybe that lambda function can kick off new embeddings being created, and you can batch generate them for even greater efficiency. So the diagram here is probably not something you really want to do in practice. The idea is sound, but what's going to happen is if you have a lot of updates happening in S3 and that lambda function gets triggered a lot, you don't want to be calling start ingestion job on bedrock over and over and over again every second, right? I mean, that's going to back up really, really fast. It would be better to batch that up using something like AWS batch and maybe EventBridge as well. On top of that, to cue that up and do it more infrequently. But conceptually, you will be expected to understand that you might want to use a Lambda function to kick off updates to your knowledge base, and we'll get into some more fancy ways of doing that later.