Let's talk about how Amazon describes the anatomy of a good prompt. There are basically four components that they talk about the instructions, the context, the input data, and the output indicator. Let's look at an example here. So instructions just telling the generative AI system what you want it to do. In this example the instructions might be write a short dialogue between two friends about their favorite books. Then you want to provide any relevant context information. In this example, we might say the two friends are sitting in a cozy cafe on a rainy afternoon. Context could also be some sort of external data that you've injected there. So if I had some external database about, um, examples of dialogue between two friends, uh, maybe I could go and retrieve some, uh, actual information about what that should be and include that as context input data. In this example, we're actually providing details about those two friends to work into the result. We're saying friend two loves fantasy novels, especially those with dragons and magic, and friend two prefers mystery novels, especially those with clever detectives and unexpected twists. So that's an example of input data. You could actually also provide examples of what you want there as part of the input data. So the input data could go even further and say, okay, for these sets of friends, here's an example of what the short dialogue might look like. And here's another set of friends and what an example of their dialogue might look like. And that can inform the generative AI system of the exact style that you want in the output. So input data can be used a couple of different ways there. And finally the output indicator. How exactly do I want to receive the output of this system. What constraints do I want? In this example, we're saying the dialogue should be 200 words long and should express each friend's enthusiasm for their favorite genre. So we're giving it some guidance about how long the output should be and what style it should be in there as well. So to recap the instructions, that's basically the task that you're asking the large language model to do. You're providing a description or instructions for how the model should perform the context is any external information that can be used to guide the model. That might be additional information about the environment in this case, or it might be information that I retrieved from some external data store that might be relevant to the problem. The input data is input for which you want a response, and the output indicator is the output type or format.