In this lesson, we're going to dive deeper into the computing resources available in Databricks to run data engineering workloads. In Databricks, compute essentially refers to a cluster of virtual machines. So you'll often hear the term compute and cluster used interchangeably. So please don't be confused. Whenever you hear cluster and compute, they refer to the same thing in a cluster. There is typically a driver node that orchestrates the tasks and one or more worker nodes that perform the actual processing. Together. These nodes allow Databricks clusters to run various workloads such as ETL, data science tasks, and machine learning applications. As we saw in the architecture diagram, Databricks offers two types of compute, namely serverless compute and classic compute. Serverless compute is available on demand and managed by Databricks, whereas the classic compute is configured and provisioned by the user. Let's take a look at the serverless compute in a bit more detail. Serverless compute is a fully managed service which Databricks provisions and manages, and the compute resources are provisioned in Databricks Cloud Account. Databricks keeps a pool of virtual machines available for the clusters, so the cluster starts immediately, and there is very little time required for the cluster to become available. Also, Databricks configures the cluster with the latest runtime available and scales the cluster up and down using the intelligence from AI models. Once the task completes, Databricks automatically releases the resources back to the pool and the customers are only charged for the duration the cluster was up and running. So the main benefits of the serverless compute is that they reduce the cluster start time as well as increase productivity. And also there is an expected lower cost due to the reduced idle time and reliance on Databricks AI for auto scaling. Moreover, the serverless compute reduces the effort required by the administrators to configure and maintain the clusters. Having said that, they are mostly a preview feature in Databricks at the moment, and there are some limitations, such as lack of support for Scala in notebooks, lack of billing attribution to workloads, using tags, etc. but I just wanted to give you a complete overview here. So let's now move on to the classic compute. Classic compute, on the other hand, is totally controlled by the customer. We need to configure and manage the cluster, and we have total control over which version of the software to use, what kind of compute nodes we want to create the cluster with, how many nodes we want to allocate and the size of them, etc.. There are two major types of classic compute available in Databricks. Let's take a look at them. The first one is the all purpose cluster, which is created manually via a graphical user interface, the CLI or the API. The other one is the job cluster, which is created when an automated job starts to execute and the job has been configured to use a job cluster. All purpose clusters are persistent and they can be terminated and restarted at any point in time, whereas the job clusters are terminated at the end of the job. They cannot be restarted, so they are no longer usable once the job has completed. All purpose clusters are suitable for interactive and ad hoc analytical workloads, whereas the job clusters are suitable for automated workloads such as running an ETL pipeline or machine learning workload at a regular interval. All purpose clusters can be shared among many users, and they're good for collaborative analysis, and the job clusters are isolated just for the job being executed. And finally, all purpose clusters are expensive to run compared to the job clusters. In summary, all purpose clusters are great for interactive analysis and ad hoc work, whereas job clusters are great for repeated production workloads. I hope you now have a good understanding about the compute options available in Databricks. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.