As we discussed in the last lesson, classic compute allows us to configure the cluster ourselves, but it's not straightforward. As you can see in this diagram, Databricks presents us with a variety of options to configure the cluster. In this lesson, I'll walk you through each one of these in detail. First, we have the option to choose between a single node or a multi node cluster. A multi node cluster includes one driver node and one or more worker nodes. When you run a spark job on a multi node cluster, the driver node distributes the tasks to the worker nodes, allowing for parallel execution. This provides horizontal scalability based on the workload demands. This makes multi-node clusters ideal for large scale workloads. On the other hand, single node clusters contain only a driver node. There are no worker nodes. Although it lacks worker nodes, it still supports spark workloads, and the same node acts as both the master and the worker. However, due to the absence of the worker nodes, it cannot be horizontally scaled, making it unsuitable for large scale ETL workloads. Single node clusters are designed for lightweight machine learning and data analysis tasks that don't require distributed computing, and also single node clusters are incompatible with process isolation and are not intended for shared usage among multiple users or workloads. To avoid these kind of conflicts, Databricks always recommends using multi-node clusters when shared compute is needed. Next, we define the access mode, which is a security feature that controls who can use the compute and what data they can access. There are three types of access modes available. As the name suggests, single user access mode allows only a single user to access the cluster. It supports all four languages Python, SQL, Scala, and R. Shared Access mode enables sharing the cluster among multiple users while providing process isolation. Each process operates in its own environment, preventing one process from accessing another process's data or credentials. Shared mode is available only on premium workspaces and supports Python and SQL. Support for Scala has been added recently, but only for Unity Catalog enabled workspaces, and also it's only available from Databricks Runtime 13.3 onwards. Similar to shared mode, no Isolation shared Mode also allows cluster sharing, but it doesn't support process isolation. Also, it lacks task preemption, so failures or resource overuse by one user can affect the other users. No isolation shared mode is available on both standard and premium workspaces, and it supports all four languages. But for production workloads, Databricks recommends using Shared Access mode as it offers process isolation and task preemption, thus making it more secure and reliable. The next configuration option we want to look at is Databricks Runtime. Databricks runtimes are the set of core libraries that run on Databricks clusters at the time of recording. Databricks offers two types of runtimes one called Databricks Runtime and the other one called Databricks Runtime ML. Databricks runtime includes an optimized version of Apache Spark and various supporting libraries. In addition to these, Databricks Runtime ML also includes popular machine learning libraries such as PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlow, xG, XGBoost, etc. both of these runtimes also allows us to enable or disable photon, which is a vectorized query engine which accelerates Apache Spark workloads. Auto termination is a useful feature to prevent unnecessary costs on idle clusters. It automatically terminates a cluster if it remains unused for a specified period of time. The default is set to 120 minutes, but this value can be adjusted to between 10 and 43,200 minutes, which is 30 days. When creating a multi node cluster, you can specify the minimum and the maximum number of nodes. Auto scaling automatically adjusts the number of nodes based on workload. Optimizing the cluster utilization. This is especially useful when workloads are unpredictable or fluctuate during the process. To save cost, you can opt for spot instances for worker nodes. Driver nodes are always on demand nodes, and you can only opt for instances for worker nodes. For those of you who are not familiar with spot instances. Spot instances simply refer to the unused VMs or spare capacity in the cloud. They're offered at a cheaper price, but you could be evicted from the instance if another customers acquires it at the usual price. When spot instances become unavailable, Databricks will attempt to acquire replacements or switch to on demand instances as a fallback. And the next configuration option we want to look at is cluster VM types. Azure offers a range of VM types, which Databricks groups into specific categories. Memory optimized instance types are suitable for memory intensive workloads like machine learning workloads that cache large datasets. Compute optimized instance types are ideal for um structured streaming applications, where peak time processing rates are critical, as well as for distributed analytics and data science workloads. And storage optimized instances are recommended for use cases requiring high disk throughputs and IO. General purpose instance types are suitable for enterprise grade applications and analytical workloads with in-memory caching. And finally, GPU accelerated instance types are designed for deep learning models that are both data and compute intensive, and you have the option to choose any one of them based on your workload. As you can see, with so many options, creating clusters can become overwhelming for the engineers. It may also result in oversized clusters that exceed budget constraints. Databricks offers cluster policies to help prevent these issues by allowing administrators to set restrictions and assign them to specific users or groups. For example, as you can see in this screenshot, when personal compute policy is applied, it restricts the users to creating only single node clusters, defaults to the ML runtime, limits the node types, and sets auto termination to 20 minutes. This simplifies the user interface, reduces the need for administrator involvement in every decision, and also helps control costs by limiting the cluster size. And that's pretty much all the configuration options available in the cluster configuration. I hope you now have a good understanding about the configurations that you can specify for a cluster. And that's the end of this lesson. And in the next lesson we'll create a cluster with these configuration options. See you then.