Now that we understand what Databricks cluster is and how to configure one, let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and create the cluster that's required for this course. Here we are in the Databricks workspace to create a cluster. Navigate to the sidebar and click on the compute icon. And then click on the Create Compute button under the All purpose Compute tab. By default, Databricks presents you with a simple form to create the compute. This is great, but it doesn't present you with all the configuration options available. As a data engineer, we want to learn about all the configuration options available. So let's turn off the simple form by toggling the button here. And also by default Databricks assigns the name of the cluster as Uname. You can change that by clicking on the cluster name. Let me change the name of my cluster to Databricks Course Cluster. So I know this cluster is specifically created for this course. The first configuration option here is the cluster policy or otherwise referred to as the Compute policy. As you can see, there are five cluster policies already made available by Databricks for us to choose from. Any new policies we create ourselves will also be made available here for us to choose, but we're going to leave it as unrestricted so that we can go through each of the configuration options down here and understand them better. So let's do that. And as we discussed before, we have the option to choose from multi-node and single node clusters. For the early sections of the course. We just need a single node cluster as we're dealing with only a small amount of data. Also, a single node cluster is cheaper to run and it costs less to complete the course. So we'll be creating a single node cluster for now. But before that, I want to talk you through the additional configuration options for creating a multi-node cluster. As you can see, selecting between single node and multi-node changes the wizard with different configuration options. The main difference between the two options is the selection of worker nodes, and being able to autoscale the worker nodes. For a multi-node cluster, you can change the minimum and the maximum values of the worker nodes depending on your workload. In this example, when the cluster starts up, it will be allocated with one worker node and then additional workers are added depending on the workload, but never exceed the maximum value, which is eight nodes in this case. This ensures that you're only paying for additional capacity when there is a need, and also your expenses are limited to a maximum of eight nodes. You can disable auto scaling by clicking on the tick box here. A typical use case for disabling auto scaling is a streaming workload, in which the time it takes to scale up the cluster might not be acceptable for the real time workload, so you would generally process a streaming workload with a fixed number of workloads. So in this case, at the moment it's set to one worker. But you can change that to the number of workers you want. You can also request to use unused capacity via spot instances if it's available. So you can do that by selecting the tick box here. This will save you the cost of running your application, but please bear in mind that you could be evicted from spot instances when they become unavailable, so I would recommend using them only for non-critical workloads. Now that we've discussed the configuration options which are specific for a multi-node cluster, let's switch to single node cluster. And that's what we want to create. As we discussed in the last lesson, there are three types of access modes available, namely single user shared and no isolation shared. As you can see, Databricks is renaming single user to dedicated and shared to standard and no isolation. Shared is staying as it is for the moment. So please don't be confused if you see these names used interchangeably. Databricks recommends using shared or standard access mode when possible, but standard mode is not supported for a single node cluster. So let's select a single user access mode or the dedicated access mode. Let's now select the Databricks Runtime version. As you can see there, nicely grouped into standard and ML and ML runtimes are generally suffixed with ML. We're doing data engineering course, so let's select the standard runtime. You may notice that some of the runtime versions are suffixed with Lt.s LTS here stands for long term support. LTS versions are released every six months and supported for two years with updates and fixes. So select them for any production workloads. For development workloads, you can go for the latest version possible, but let me select a more stable version for this course, which is 16.4 LTS. And that's the latest LTS option available for us. If you want to use the highly performing vectorized query engine called photon, you can tick the box here. Clusters with photon engines are generally more expensive, but for larger workloads you are likely to save cost as the query is finished quicker and you can terminate the cluster sooner. We're going to unselect photon acceleration, as we don't have such a large workload, and it's not worth paying for the additional cost for Photon Engine for this course. Let's now select the node type. As you can see, we have a vast array of node types ranging from general purpose to optimized for storage and memory, and all the way to GPU enabled node types. We just need a small node type. So let's select the ds3 v2 node type. This is one of the smallest node types available. It's got 14GB of memory and four cores. Please note that some other node types might not be available for you in your region, so please select the one without the warning sign next to it. Also, DS3 v2 might not be available when you come to do this course. In that case, just select another one with just four cores because that's all we need for this course. For example, for me the default V5 is not available for my subscription. As you can see, I have no course available here. And if I try to create a cluster with this node type, it will fail to start. So let me select DS3 v2 here. The auto termination checkbox here allows you to say when to terminate the cluster in case of inactivity, please ensure that it is ticked. Otherwise the cluster has to be terminated manually every time. And if you don't terminate it, you will be charged for the cluster usage. Within this box, you can specify the number of minutes of inactivity before the cluster can be terminated. The minimum value is ten minutes, but I would suggest giving a value of between 20 and 30 minutes, so that you will have enough time to watch another video and then come back to the cluster to do the practice session. And the cluster is still running for you. If there is no activity for 20 to 30 minutes, it's automatically terminated and you're not charged for the usage after that. And here you can specify any tags you want to add. Databricks automatically adds some tags for you by default, but you can also add other tags to help with your billing and attributing the cost of running your cluster with a specific project, etc. under Advanced Options, you can specify any additional spark configurations required for all the workload that's executed on this cluster. You can also set environment variables here if you want to save any logs to Dbfs location or Unity catalog volumes. You can specify them here. This way you can keep the logs for longer to help with any compliance or any investigation purposes. And if you have any init scripts, you can add them here. For example, you may want to install some Python packages as soon as the cluster starts up so all your developers get the same environment. You can do that here. And that's all the configurations we've got here. Now that we've configured the cluster we want to create, let's click on the Create Compute to create the cluster or the compute here. As you can see the cluster is now being created. The icon here indicates that the cluster creation is in progress. You can also navigate to the event log to see what's happening. As you can see, it's creating the cluster at the moment. But once it's created, you will see a separate message to say that it's created and up and running. Okay. The cluster is now created and up and running. It took about four minutes. The green dot here indicates that the cluster is running now. You can also refresh the event log by clicking on the refresh button here. And as you can see, the event log says the cluster is up and running now by going to the compute icon. You can see all the clusters that are available in this workspace, and you have access to when you have multiple clusters, you can search for a specific cluster using the search box here. You can also filter for clusters only created by you or specific users. And also you can favorite a cluster and filter only those clusters by clicking on the only pinned tick box here. This page also allows you to see the summary of the cluster details, and as you can see here, we've got the cluster with 14GB of active memory. And it's got four cores. And we're being billed or charged at 0.75 Databricks units per hour. And you've got the option to terminate the cluster by clicking on the terminate icon or the stop icon here. And also you can change the permissions on the cluster or restart or clone or delete the cluster by using the menu here. From time to time, you may want to change the configurations of a cluster after it's being created. For that, you simply select the name of the cluster here and then navigate to the edit button on the top right to edit the configurations. And if you wanted to change the Databricks runtime, for example, you you would simply come here and change the runtime version, and you're only allowed to edit some of the configuration details here. For example, you can't change the single node cluster into a multi node cluster, for example. And also please note that the configuration changes may require the cluster to be restarted. For example, we've changed the runtime version from 16.4 to 17 here and that requires a restart of the cluster. So if you click on the confirm and restart button here, it will restart the cluster with the new runtime version. But any jobs running at that point will be terminated because you're restarting the cluster. So please bear in mind that and let me cancel this. And if you have any notebooks attached to a running cluster, you can see them here. And if you want to install any external libraries, you can do that from the libraries tab here. And also, as we saw earlier, even log basically logs any major events that happen to the cluster. We are seeing standard things here at the moment. But if you had any issues with the cluster, this is where you'll come to start your investigation. For example, you try to start a cluster and the cluster didn't start. You would come here and select the recent event to see the details, and that will give you enough information for you to go away and investigate. And also we have the option to view the spark UI driver logs and additional metrics on the virtual machines being used underneath the cluster. Finally, if you take a look at the summary here, you've got the details about the cluster itself. And also the summary includes pricing. As you can see, the cluster is charged at 0.75 Databricks units per hour. DBU here stands for Databricks Units, which is the billing unit used by Databricks for Databricks Resources. We'll look at pricing in the coming lectures. I hope you now have a good understanding about how to configure a cluster and create one. But before we finish, let's terminate this cluster. And as I said before, the cluster will be automatically terminated if there is no activity on the cluster after 20 minutes because that's how we've configured it. But I know for a fact that we're not going to be using this cluster for the next 20 minutes anyway. So let me terminate that. And effectively, when you terminate a cluster, what happens is the cluster configurations will be stored. So you will be able to come back and restart this cluster. But all the virtual machines allocated for the cluster will be freed up. And as a user, we won't be charged from this point onwards. So that's effectively what termination means. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.