Welcome back. I've created this quick lecture to help you with debugging issues that you're facing with creating clusters. Some of you have recently reported that you're having issues with creating clusters, and this lecture is specifically created for you. If you have managed to create the cluster successfully, please mark this lecture as complete and continue to the next lecture. Otherwise, please follow along with me. When you create a cluster using free subscription or pay as you go subscription, you may see the errors such as quota exceeded or the VM that you're specifying is not available in your region. The two errors are quite related, but slightly different. Let me take you through the reasons why you're seeing there is and how to resolve that. And depending on the subscription that you have, you may have between 4 and 10 cores available to use. So please make sure that you've selected the single node cluster. When you configured the cluster for a single node cluster with a small node, we just need four cores. But having said that, sometimes Azure only allows you a subscription to use the full course towards a certain type or a certain node type in a specific region. So let me show you that first. As you can see, I haven't managed to successfully start this cluster and I've got an error here. If I hover over the icon here, I'll see the error. You can also see that from the event log. So if you navigate to event log you can see the cluster was started again at this point in time which is at 12:20 p.m.. And it's had a couple of events and the Add nodes event has failed. So you can simply click on that and I'll give you the actual error message. As you can see, the error is that the VM size you specifying is not available and quota exceeded. And the operation could not be completed as it resulted in exceeding the approved quota for this family type, which is standard as V5 family. So let me close that and let's go over to configuration. As you can see, we also have a warning or an error message from Azure as well, which is quite helpful in this case. But you don't always get that error. So I'll show you another way of finding out whether a node type is available for you. So here it says that the estimated available is zero and requested is four. I know for a fact that I've got a pay as you go subscription and I've got more cores available, but it is just that for this family type in this region, I don't have the quota available. So I have to find another node type which is available for me in this region. So there are two ways of doing that. One is you can simply click here and you can select another node type which doesn't have the warning. So as you can see this one's got the warning here. And let me select standard DS3 v2. And that doesn't have a warning. So I have a feeling that if I select that I'll succeed in Succeed and create in the cluster. And also if I go down D3 v2, for example, is available as well. But again this is not always being updated. So sometimes you might not see the error message you're seeing here, but you'll still get the error message when you start the cluster. And let me show you another way, using which you can identify whether a certain node type is available for you in your region, which is to look at the Azure portal for quota. So let me navigate to the Azure portal. And you can simply search for quotas from the search bar here. And let's select compute because we're going to look at the compute quota. And I'm saying the quota available for all of the node types or the CPU family types and in all of the regions. But let's restrict on the region we are interested in. Uh, I have my workspace created in the UK South region, so I'm going to simply filter for UK South. So now I'm saying the UK South region, as you can see here, if you check standard BS family for example, I have ten cores available and I'm only using zero of it, so I'm using none of it. So I can request for up to ten cores and I should be able to get that. But if I search for the family type that we were using, which is the standard for D v5, that belongs to the family type standard DD Sv5. So when you come up with the family type, you simply want to ignore the numbers in the second part of the string here and use the version number. So that'll be standard D and ignore for. So that'll be dd, s and then v5. Let me show you that. So as you can see here I've got zero of zero. So that means I've got no course available for this family type, and I'm using runaway as well, so it doesn't matter. So the fact is that I've got no course available in this family type in the UK South region. So that's the reason I've got the error message. But I can find one where I've got availability. As we looked here we've got DS three v2. So let me look for DS three v2 again. I'm going to use DS and ignore the three from that part of the string and v2. So as you can see here, standard DS three v2 is available for me. I've got 20 course available and I'm using none of it, so I should be able to use it. But sometimes as you runs promotions on specific family types and they are high in demand during those times. That's what the second line shows. As you can see, when you hover over the text, it says that the standard DSB two family CPUs are high in demand in the UK South region. When you request for one of those you might not get during the promotions. So my advice is you can try this but you might still get an error. So you should pick one which is available and there is not a high demand. So let me go over here and let's look at the other ones available. So we got standard D3 v2. So let me look for standard DB2. And again that's in high demand. So let me see if there is another one which is not in high demand. And let's try and see whether standard F4 is available for us. So as you can see the F family is available for me. There are no warnings against it. So I'm going to try and use that. But as I said, I could use the standard DS v2 family as well. But sometimes it succeeds, sometimes it doesn't. And you may get that error saying, this, uh, family is not available or it's in high demand. So I'm going to go for the standard F family here. So let me select that and let's try and restart the cluster. As you can see the cluster has started successfully with the new node type that we specified. Just to recap, please make sure that you're creating a single node cluster. And also make sure that you're not seeing any error messages or warnings underneath the node type when you're configuring your cluster. But even after that, if you are getting an error, please go over to quotas and find a family type in which you've got the course available for you. And if you see any warnings next to that, you can try and use it. If it does, it doesn't work. Please find a family type in which you've got no warnings at all, and then try and use that. I hope this helps you create the clusters without any issues. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.