In this lesson, I'll give you a rough guide to estimating the cost of doing this course based on the experience from past students, and also some tips to keep the cost under control. As part of this course, you will be creating the following resources. Azure Data Lake Storage to keep the data, Azure Data Factory to orchestrate some of the workflow, Databricks Job Clusters which are created as part of the Databricks jobs, Databricks Cluster pools, they are created as part of the next lesson to speed up the cluster creation times. And finally, the All Purpose Cluster that we created, to do most of the lessons in this course. Amongst these, the cost of all other services, except the All Purpose Cluster is negligible. This is either because of the small amount of data that we are using for this course, or the small amount of time the services are used. All Purpose Cluster will be required for most of the lessons. We just calculated the cost of running an All Purpose Cluster, which is roughly $0.76 per hour on a premium tier. The question I always get asked is how much does it cost to complete the course? It really depends on the number of hours you are keeping this Cluster up and running, and how quickly or slowly you are getting through the hands on work. Feedback from some of the past students is that they needed to keep the Cluster running between 20 and 30 hours to complete the course. Based on this feedback, it costs between 15 and $25 for the usage. If you are using free or student subscription, this will be well within the free credit given by Microsoft. If not, that is your cost for doing this course. Now that we understand the estimated cost of doing the course, let's take a look at some of the measures you can take to keep the cost under control and also avoid any surprises. You do not have to take any actions for the top three services here. We have very little data to process, so the storage cost should be covered within the free allowance. Azure Data Factory pipelines are built only for the execution, we have only a few executions of this. Databricks Job Clusters are destroyed, as soon as the job finishes. So you won't be charged after that either. Cluster pools will be charged while they are active. So please delete the pool as soon as you finish the lesson. I'll give clear instructions at the end of that lesson, for doing so. We need the All Purpose Cluster throughout the course. But the good thing is that, they're only charged while being active. So please set the Auto Termination to 20 minutes, as I told you in the lesson, so that you're not charged while you're not using it. Finally, please set the budget alerts in your subscription, so that you can get an email alert whenever you exceed that amount. I'll show you how to set the budget alert now. Let's switch over to the Azure Portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure Portal. Let's search for Cost Management. And I'm going to click on Cost Management here. If you're not familiar with Cost Management, this is where you come to, if you want to look at your Cloud cost and do any analysis and also look at any previous invoices. Let me quickly walk you through. As you can see here under billing, you can see the invoices and set up your payment methods. So let me show you Invoices. As you can see here, it lists all my previous invoices and also tells whether I paid all of them, I've got one due on the 5th January, which is coming up. And if you want to analyze any of these invoices further, you go to Cost analysis that gives you a breakdown, based on your resource groups and services and things like that. And also this is the page which tells you what your current actual cost is. So, so far for this month, I only spent £0.09 and Azure is expecting my final price to be £10.27, that's just a forecast. So I don't have to worry too much about that. And also I've got a budget set to £20 here, so if it exceeds £20, I will get a warning or an alert into my email. I'll show you in a minute and how to set up a budget. And also, if you scroll down, as you can see here, you've got the breakdowns based on Service names, Locations and Resource groups and stuff like that. So that's pretty much sufficient for you to be able to analyse, what's going on and what services are costing you money. And if you had any alerts that will come through here as well as via email, so let me go to Cost alerts. And as you can see, I have got no alerts within the last 30 days, but I have had alerts in the past, so let me set it to all time. As you can see, I've got one alert here which says actually my budget exceeded, so I set my budget to be £20 and that exceeded on the 31st of August. So I've had an alert come through. This is exactly what we want to do. So let's go to Budgets. And as you can see here, I've already got two budgets here. One is to alert me when it exceeds £20 and the other one to alert me when it exceeds £50. So I'm going to set another one and, set it to send an alert when it exceeds £30. So in order to do that, you click on Add and we need to give a meaningful name. So I'm going to call it az-adm, which is my subscription name, and then I'm going to say exceeded £30. And we need to give a Reset period. So I want to do that for a month. So I'm going to keep it as a billing month. And also, we want to give a Creation date, which is today, so which is 5th of December 2022. And we want to set an Expiration date so you can change that to 2032 as well, you can go as far as you want to. But I'm going to just leave that as 2024 and here you set the budget amount. So based on my past behavior, Azure saying actually suggests the budget to be £6 based on the forecast. But we're going to set it to £30, as we discussed, because I'm going to do this course, I want to make sure that when it exceeds £30, I want to be alerted. So I'm going to just click next here. And now you specify the Conditions. So when do you want to be alerted? I don't want to be alerted as soon as it hits £30. I want to be alerted slightly earlier than that. So I'm going to say when the actual amount is 90% of my budget, which is £30, which will be 27, so 90% of 30 is 27. So as soon as it hits £27, I'm going to get an alert. You can do that based on forecast or you can change the percentage if you want to, or you can just keep it as 100% as well. And you can also set up action groups and you can have push notifications and all of those kind of things. But we're going to keep it simple and just give an email account here. And I'm going to keep the languages Default. You can choose between a lot of languages here and then click Create. Now, as you can see, the alerts created and as soon as it hits £27, I'm going to get an alert, which will be an email sent to me. But please note that your subscription won't stop there or your services won't be stopped either. So it's just a warning message, you have to act on this in order to keep the cost under control. So as soon as you get an email, come into Cost analysis, look at what's going on, If there are any services running unknowingly, just go and stop them. So that's the way you keep your cost under control. So I hope you now have a good understanding about how much it's likely to cost you for doing this course, and also how to keep the cost under control. So that's the end of this lesson I'll see in the next one.