In this lesson, we're going to look at Cluster Pools. Clusters usually take time to start up an Auto Scale. In order to minimize that time, we can use Pools. A Cluster Pool is basically a set of idle ready to use virtual machines, that allow us to reduce the Cluster start and Auto Scaling times. For example, let's assume that we have created a Pool with a minimum of 1 idle instance and 2 maximum instances. What this means, is the pool will always keep at least one instance ready for Clusters to consume until, it reaches the maximum limit, which is two in this case. Let's say Cluster 1 comes along and requests for one node. Pool gives the one instance to the Cluster and spins up another one ready. If Cluster 2 requests for one more node, then it gives that one to the Cluster 2. But instead, if Cluster 2 requests for two more, it will fail to start with error that there are enough instances available to allocate. Hope that's given you an understanding about Cluster Pools. I'll now demonstrate creating a Cluster Pool and a Cluster that uses the pool so that we can see the improvement in Cluster start time. Having said that, if you are using free tier or student subscription, you won't have sufficient quota required to create a Pool. But please don't worry, we don't need the Cluster pools for the rest of this course. So just watch the video and carry on with the rest of the course. I'll also be deleting the pools at the end of this lesson because we don't need them anymore. Let's switch over to Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's select Compute from the sidebar and select Pools and click Create Pool to create the Cluster Pool. Let's name our Cluster Pool as demo-pool. And I'm going to specify the minimum idle instances as 1 and max capacity as 2. Let's also specify the Auto Termination time as 10 minutes. Please note that the 10 minutes we are specifying here doesn't apply to the, idle instances here. So that means one instance will always be up and running, and the auto termination only applies to the second instance. Let's select the instance type as DS3_v2, also preload the Databricks runtime version to the Cluster Pool. So that's going to be 11.3 LTS. So if I create a Cluster to use this pool, and the cluster is configured to use 11.3 LTS as the runtime, it'll already have an instance ready to be used and it will be quickly provisioned and we can specify whether to use this Spot  instances, and also you can specify Tags. Let's ignore them for now and click Create. It's going to take a couple of minutes to make the VM available, so let's wait for that. As you can see, it's trying to provision the first node and it's still in pending, so we want to wait that to be available. As you can see here now, it's got the one node provisioned and ready to use. Now, let's see how long it takes to create a Cluster that uses the node from this pool. Let's navigate to All Purpose compute and create the Cluster. So, you can click on the Compute on the sidebar again and then come to All Purpose compute and click Create compute. So let's go for a Single node Cluster because we only have one node provisioned there and the only thing you do differently is when you pick your node type, you select the Pool. As you can see now, our Pool is being listed as well. So which is our demo pool. So let's select that. And that's got standard DS3_v2 and that's what we want. And also we wanted the runtime to be 11.3 LTS, that's what our nodes already got. So the creation of the Cluster should be really quick. Let's change the Auto Termination to 10 minutes and click Create and see how long it takes. As you know, it took about 5 minutes previously to provision a Cluster and let's see how long it takes for this Cluster to be provisioned. As you can see, the Cluster is already provisioned. So let's refresh here and see how long it took. So it only took a minute, as supposed to the 5 minutes for the Cluster that we created earlier. So this is the way you speed up the creation of your Clusters. I hope now you understand the purpose of Cluster Pools and how to create them and configure Clusters to use the pool. Before we finish this lesson, let's delete the Cluster and the Cluster Pools because we don't need them, and also, as I said before, the Cluster Pool is going to always have one node idle. So that means you are going to be charged for one node throughout the period. So I'm going to delete this Cluster first. So in order to do that, I'm going back to Compute and I'm going to delete this Cluster, so you click on the three dots here and then Delete. And also, let's go to Pools. Let's click on the X here and let's click on Delete. So that should delete the pool as well. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.