In this lesson, we are going to look at Cluster Policies. We had a brief introduction to cluster policies while talking about Cluster configuration. Let's now delve a bit deeper in this lesson. As we've seen previously, Cluster configuration is quite complicated. Creating the wrong type of Cluster could increase the cost of running the project and also can affect data security. So if we expect standard users to create the Cluster and keep the cost down, we should simplify the interface and make it easier for them. That's where Cluster Policies come in. Policies are basically a set of rules which allows us to hide or take out the configuration options, that are not required on the user interface. They allow us to fix the values of some of the configuration parameters and restrict access for the users so that they're not changing them. Also, in a set of values, a policy allows us to select default values on the user interface. An administrator can create a policy and assign that to a set of users. When the user chooses the policy, they'll now have a Simpler User Interface because some of the options are now hidden or pre-populated with fixed values. Only allowing the users to select certain type of nodes or setting Auto Termination by Default, allows us to keep the cost down. It helps us having standard type of Clusters created by all users in a specific group. And finally, cluster policies take away the need for an administrator to be involved in every cluster creation decision and empowers standard users to create them. It's a great feature, but please note that it is in public preview, at the time of recording in December 2022. So it's lacking features and being developed, so please expect to see some fixes and improvements over time. Also, most importantly, cluster policies are only available for workspaces created in premium tier. If you have a workspace created in standard tier in order to save some cost on the compute resources, please don't worry. You can simply create another workspace and try this lesson alone which will cost you nothing, as we are not going to create any compute resources as part of this lesson. You can then simply delete the workspace once you're done with this lesson, or else you can simply watch the video and carry on with the rest of the course as we don't need cluster policies for the rest of the course at all. Let's now switch over to the Databricks workspace and see this in action to strengthen our understanding. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's navigate to Compute and select Policies. As you can see, currently there are four Cluster policies available. They are default policies created by Databricks for us. If one of them suits our needs, we can simply use that. Also, we have the option to create another Policy, based on one of these policies available and override certain attributes. So that makes it easier to create a Policy. But in this lesson, we are going to look at creating a Cluster Policy from scratch. Let's define our requirement first. Let me navigate to Compute and click Compute. When we select the Policy as Unrestricted, we are presented with the user interface with all the options available to create a Cluster. Let's say, I'm an administrator and I have a number of students taking the course that you are taking, and I want to restrict them to create Clusters, limiting to only the needs of this project. That means we only allow for a Single node cluster to be created. That means, we'll pre-select Single node and we don't let them choose Multi node at all. We can leave the Access mode as it is and they can choose what they want. And let's say we want them to select the latest runtime within the Standard group, not the ML group. And we want to restrict the node type to be only the smaller one. So let's say we want them to be able to select only, Standard DS3_v2, Standard D3_v2 and let's say Standard D12_v2 and DS12_v2. And they're all requiring only for course. Finally, let's say we want to keep the Auto Termination to only 20 minutes and we don't want them to deselect the Auto Termination. So that means it should always be ticked with 20 minutes populated there and we don't want to give them the ability to change that at all. And that is our requirement. And that will vastly simplify this user interface and the users will have to simply come in, type in the Cluster name and click Create. And let's see how to do that. I'm going to simply duplicate this tab and work on that one so that we can switch between the two and test it while we're doing it. So I'm going to go back into cluster policies again and let's click Create Cluster Policy. And as it's asking, we need to provide a name, I'm going to call mine as Learning Compute. And as I said previously, we can select a Family, we can choose one of the pre-existing cluster policies here and override certain parameters. We don't want to do that at this point in time. I'm going to go for Custom and create a brand new one. We want to give some description. Now we can start right in the definitions. Definitions are going to be in JSON format. I'll show you that in a minute. But once you've written the definitions, you can assign that to certain users or groups. And in order to do that, you come over to permissions and then you select the user or the group or the service principle, and then you give the permission. At this point in time, the only permission available is Can Use, and then you click Add. So let's go over to Definitions and start looking at how to write the definition. So there is a nice guide here. If you click on this link, how to define a policy that opens up the documentation for that. Reading this document might not make a lot of sense to you at first, but seeing an example helps you better. So let me take you to an example. As you can see, we've got a number of policies and Fixed policy is one of them. So I'm going to take you to the example that belongs to the Fixed policy. Let's say we want to restrict our Clusters to have the Spark version to be a certain value. In order to do that, you would use this JSON object. So as you can see, spark_version is the attribute name. And within that, we're defining the policy with the type as fixed and we're giving the value as, 7.3scala2.12. And also we are saying hidden equals true. So what's going to happen is when you come to use this policy, the user won't be presented with this attribute at all actually, they won't have to pick the runtime version because we've set the hidden as true. But if we didn't set that, what would happen is they'll see the value of the runtime version as 7.3, and they wouldn't see any other runtimes. So that's how you limit what the user sees on the user interface. Similarly, you can set other policies as well actually. So for example, if you want to set some list of values, it's the same thing we're looking at here. You would go for the type as allowlist and you set the values as 7.2 and 7.3 in this example. So they'll see both of them. You can also set the default value, so if you say, my default value is 7.3, they'll see both of them in the dropdown, but 7.3 will be the one which is a pre-selected for them. So that's how it works. But let's put it into practice so that you can see in action. So I'm going to go back to my Cluster Policy and write that JSON object, which we saw just now. And as you know, the attribute we're interested in, is spark_version. And let's set the attribute values now. And as we said, actually, the type is going to be fixed. So let's do that. And in our case, we didn't want to have the version 7.3, we want to go for the latest LTS version available. So let's set the value to be the latest version. So either you can hard code it or you can use, Databricks to select it for you, which will be auto: and then you go for latest LTS. Then, Databricks knows I need to pick the latest LTS version, so that's what you would do. So now what will happen is when you use this policy, that's going to present you with only the latest LTS version, there will be nothing else available. We can also set the attribute to be hidden here, but I'm not going to do that. I'm going to show what comes up on the screen and then we can come back and change this again. So let's click Create. And the Cluster Policy is now created. So let's go back to this tab here, and I'm going to do a refresh here so that the policy takes effect and I'm going to select my policy, which is Learning Compute. So let's click Confirm. And as you can see here, the Databricks runtime version has been selected as 11.3 LTS, and that's been grayed out. So you can't change that as an user. So now that's one less problem for the user to think about, but they don't even need to see that on the screen. So in order to take that out, you just edit the Cluster Policy and set the attribute hidden to true. So let's do that. So again, I'm going to Update and let me come back and refresh. And this time when I select that policy, the runtime version itself should disappear from here. That's brilliant. Now that you know how to create the policy and add definitions, let's run through the other requirements. Just to speed up the lesson. I pre-prepared the JSON. Let me add that and walk you through. So I'm going to go over to Cluster Policies and click on Edit and I'm going to paste what I have. And as you can see, we've got a number of definitions now, not only the one we had previously, which is the Spark version, I've added others as well. So let me walk you through from the top. The first one here is the cluster profile. So we wanted to have the Single node cluster. So I've set the type as fixed and the value as Single node. So it's only going to have Single node clusters which are allowed on the policy and it's also going to be hidden so the user won't see it. And in terms of node type, we selected four different node types with four cores. And also I've set the default value to be standard DS3_v2. So when you look at the list, it's going to have these four and that's what the type allowlist does. And the default value is going to be the top one here. And the next one is going to limit the Auto Termination, minutes to 20. But this time we're not hiding it, I could hide it, but I just wanted to show it on the screen so I've set the hidden to be false or I didn't set the hidden here. And the Spark version we've already talked about. And also the last one is Cluster type. We want our Cluster Policy to be applied to only the Clusters, which are All Purpose Clusters not Job Clusters. So that's why, I've set the Cluster type to be All Purpose as well. So let's click Update. So that's now been created. I'm going to go over to the other tab and I'm going to refresh the screen here and let's select Learning Compute and click Confirm. And as you can see, we've got a lot simpler user interface here and the policy is Learning Compute and access mode, as we said, we're not limiting to anything, so the user can select what they want to select. And the node type here is only the four node types that we've selected are given in the list and the default is Standard DS3_v2 which is brilliant, and now it's going to terminate after 20 minutes of inactivity. And as a user, I can't change it, as you can see, I'm not allowed to change it or I'm not allowed to untick this box as well. So whoever is creating the Cluster is going to have the Auto Termination set to 20 minutes and there are no going to be any surprises in terms of cost. As you can see, Cluster Policies are really powerful. They help us keep the user interface simple as well as keep the cost down. Before we finish this lesson, I'm going to quickly show you how to use one of the existing cluster policy templates or families and just override one of the attributes, instead of creating a whole new policy like we did. Let's say I'm happy with everything on a Personal Compute for my purposes, but I don't like one of these attributes. So for example, in this policy, I don't like the fact that the default value of Auto Termination is set to 4320. I would like that to be 20 minutes. So I want to change that, but I want to use everything else as it is. So what I can simply do is go to cluster policies, create a Cluster Policy, let's call this one as Personal Compute 2. And I'm going to select the Policy. I'm going to select the Personal Compute Policy. As you can see, it's populated everything from the personal compute policy into my policy here now. But I want to override the value of Auto Termination. In order to do that, you click on Edit here and then you put your values or you put your definition here. I'm going to simply copy the definition, which is already there. And let's change the value to 20 minutes. So that's what I'm doing and let's click. Ok. Now we have a policy. If you scroll down, you'll see that the Auto Termination is set to 20 and you can see override here. If I try to use it, I'll get everything which was on the Personal Compute, but I will also get the Auto Termination set to 20 minutes rather than 4320. And that's what I'm seeing here. So that's another option for you. So if you want to use one of the existing families and override only certain values, you don't have to create a whole new policy. Just adopt it and override the values you want to override. That's the end of the lesson, I'll see you in the next one.