So now let's talk about the Configuration Recorder in AWS Config. So the idea is that Config is going to record all your configuration as Configuration Items. And a Configuration Item is a point in time view of all the attributes of an AWS resource. So, whenever there's a change in the resource or whenever there's a change in a relationship or whatever, there is going to be a new Configuration Item. So, all of this is part of the Configuration Recorder but you can create the custom Configuration Recorder to only record the resource types that you specify. For example, you may only want to record the EC2 service. And to be able to use Config you must first create a Configuration Recorder and it's automatically created if you use Config using the console or the CLI, otherwise, you have to enable it. And so, one common way of enabling Configuration Recorder, and therefore Config, in all the accounts of your organization is to use a StackSet. So this StackSet is going to deploy a Configuration Recorder of AWS Config in all the member accounts, and Config will be enabled everywhere. Now, to make sure that Config stays enabled you can attach an SCP to your organization at the root of it to prevent users from disabling Config or deleting the Configuration Recorder, which is going to apply through all the member accounts. Now, to aggregate the data back into your one Config account, you can use Aggregators. So the idea is that some of these accounts will be sources of data and some will be an aggregator, and the aggregator aggregates data from all the other accounts and you get an aggregated view out of it. So this could be aggregating the rules, resources across multiple accounts and regions. So, if you use organization there is no need to do authorizations, but if you don't use organization, then you need to create authorizations to authorize the aggregator to collect data from other AWS accounts. Once this is done then the aggregator is going to collect data from all the accounts and you're good to go. Now remember, the collecting data is good but the management of the rules to make sure that compliance is attributed to an account or another, must be deployed in each individual account. Finally, if you wanted to deploy a rule to multiple target accounts, you can use CloudFormation StackSets, which would allow you to manage these rules easily. Okay, so that's it. We've seen how to use Config in multiple accounts in terms of enabling it, and in terms of aggregating data back. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.