So now let's talk about service control policies or SCP. So here you can define allowlist or blocklist for specific IAM actions on your organization for your accounts. And this applies either at the OU level or the account level. Any SCP you apply to your management accounts actually is disregarded because you want to keep your management account safe from any kind of lockout. The SCPs is going to be applied to all the users and the roles in the account, including the root user. And the SCP does not affect any service-linked roles. That means that these services, those service-linked role, they enable other services on AWS to integrate with organization and therefore that's why they can't be restricted by SCPs. So SCPs are special. And for something to be allowed within organizations, you need to make sure that every SCP along the way from the root to each OU, down to the specific target account, will have an explicit allow. And I will show you this in the next slide as an example. So the use cases for SCP is to restrict access to certain services. For example, hey, you cannot use EMR, or to enforce PCI compliance by explicitly disabling some services in AWS. This will be very clear in this example. So let's take, for example, a Roots OU. And we apply full AWS access underneath. So the management account is under the root OU and then we have more OU, the sandbox, the workload test and prod with accounts within the OUs. So if we apply an SCP, which is deny Athena on the management account, what is happening to the management account? Well, the management account can do anything because there's a rule that says that no SCP ever apply to the management account. This is a safety because, of course, if you lock yourself out of your management account, this would be terrible. So remember, the management accounts can do anything no matter what. But let's say, for example, we apply on the sandbox OU a full AWS Access plus deny S3. So as you can see here, we still need to apply full AWS access to give allow to everything explicitly because if we didn't have full AWS access, then nothing would be allowed within that OU. So explicit allows are needed every single way. And on account A, say, we also do apply full AWS access and deny EC2. Then account A can do anything because it has full AWS access on the root OU and on the sandbox OU and on the account itself. But because we have two explicit denies, we have one deny S3 from the sandbox and one deny EC2 from the account itself, then it cannot access Amazon S3 or Amazon EC2. For account B and C, because it don't have specific SCP attached to them, then they can do anything except accessing Amazon S3 because you have an explicit deny coming from the sandbox OU. Next, if we apply full AWS access to the workloads OU, and we also apply and allow EC2 SCP to the test OU, then account D can only access EC2. And if we look at the prod OU and accounts E and F within it, well, we must first apply the full AWS access SCP to the prod OU and then accounts E and F can do anything. So here are some examples for SCPs. This is the first one is a blocking of a specific service. So first we allow all actions and then we deny dynamo DB or on the allow list here we allow EC2 and cloud watch, but we don't allow anything else. So those are some examples of SCPs. So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.