So now let's discuss a few more concepts for IAM Identity Center. The first one is in the usage of external identity providers. So we can integrate with them using the SAML 2.0 protocol, which will allow people to use the access portal, and sign in using their corporate identities. So this supports Okta, Azure Active Directory, OneLogin. And the thing with SAML 2.0, is that the IdP cannot be queried to learn about the users or the group. That means that you must also create these users from within the IAM Identity Center in the exact same way as they are defined in your external identity provider, and then it would be good to go for the login. So to summarize, the IAM Identity Center is integrated with Active Directory using SAML 2.0. So any login request is passed on, but we must first create users and groups in the exact same way as they are defined in your external IdP. So that is a problem, of course, because it requires quite a bit of manual work. So there's a solution to this. It's to use the SCIM protocol. So SCIM, stands for System for Cross-domain Identity Management, which is a fancy name to say that there is automatic provisioning, or synchronization of your user identities from your external identity key provider into IAM Identity Center. So of course, it's not supported by everything, but if it is supported, it is a perfect complement by SAML 2.0. And so that means that if we do enable it, then automatically, the users and the groups are going to be created in IAM Identity Center, and there is no need for you to manually create these users in IAM Identity Center. Next, you have Attribute-Based Access Control, or ABAC, on IAM Identity Center. The idea is that you're going to create tags on your users, the one that are stored in Identity Store, and then they can be used from the permission sets. So your policies on these users, and the resource-based policies to figure out if a user should be authorized or not to access a resource. So example of tags could be cost center, title, locale, and so on. So the idea is that you define the permissions once, using the permission sets, and then you modify the access to AWS, by changing the attributes on your users, or your resources by using tags. So let's take an example. We have three groups and each of them have different tags, and then we have a different set of resources in AWS, and we tag them, either with blue, red, or green. And the idea is that, by defining the correct permission set in Identity Center, the red user can only access the red resources, the green user can only access the green resources, and the blue users can only access the blue resources. So these attributes can be also defined on your identity provider as key-value pairs, and they will be mapped into AWS. So to make it more concrete, let's say we have an EC2 instance, and we add a tag, called AccessProject=StarProject. And then in IAM Identity Center, we assign this tag as well to our Group A, but not to our Group B. And so by defining permission sets where we have the condition for allow for start instances and stop instances, we have the ec2:ResourceTag/AccessProject is equal to the PrincipalTag/AccessProject meaning the tag of your users. Then if they're matching, we're good to go. If they're not matching, the users cannot start or stop instances. So the access will be allowed for Group A and denied for group B. And as you can see, if I created a new user with some blue tag, then it will be automatically allowed and I don't need to modify my permission sets, which is very, very nice. You also have multifactor authentication on IAM Identity Center. So you have two authentication mode you need to remember about. The first one is always on to require MFA any time a user signs in or there is context-aware MFA, which is to only require MFA when the signing context changes. That means that when the user behavior changes, that means there's a new device, a new browser or a new location. So if we enable MFA always on in Identity Center, our users must have an MFA device, such as Google Authenticator, then we log in using username, and password, MFA is required, and we give the MFA code from our authenticator to be able to perform and finalize the login. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.