Next we have WAF, the Web Application Firewall, which allows you to protect your web applications from common web exploits at the layer seven. So this is the HTTP layer. You can deploy it on the application load balancer to get localized rules. You can deploy it on the API Gateway to get rules running at the regional or edge level. You can deploy it on CloudFront. And these rules are going to be running globally on all edge locations where CloudFront is, and this could be used for example, if you wanted to have a web application firewall for your classic load balancer, your EC2 instances, custom origins, or S3 websites, you would have CloudFront then deploy WAF on CloudFront. You can also deploy it on AppSync, and this is going to allow you to protect your GraphQL APIs directly. So remember that WAF is not used for DDoS protection. For this we have SHIELD. WAF is used for layer seven type of exploits. So for this you're going to define web ACL. So the Web Access Control List, and the rules can include IP addresses filtering, HTTP headers, HTTP body, URL strings. You can have common attacks protections such as SQL injection, or cross-site scripting, XXS. You can have size constraints to say, "Hey, any request bigger than 20 megabytes I don't want." You can have geomatch to block or allow a specific country, and you can have rate-based rules. So to count occurrences of events and say, "Hey, if this happened more than five seconds, five times per second, this looks fishy, block it." And the rule actions can be, allow or block, as we know to allow or to block traffic. They could be count, and that's an interesting one. It is to see if a rule would be in effect or not. So this allows you to detect false positives ahead of time. So you would just counter occurrences, and analyze the result of a count operation, but the traffic is still allowed through. So you do counts before Block, or CAPTCHA, or silent challenges to make sure that the traffic is not coming from bots but actually from humans. So something super important for you to know is that WAF has managed rules, and you need to know it for the exam. So there are over 190 managed rules, and I'll give you some of the most important. They are ready to use manage rules that will be from AWS, or the marketplace sellers, and they'll allow you to just power up WAF very quickly. So you get baseline rule groups, which is general protection from common threats, and this include the managed rule, common rule set, the managed rules admin protection rule set and so on. So they're just baseline for common protection. Then you have use-case specific rule groups. And they give you protection for many use cases, such as the SQL rule sets, the Windows rule sets. The PHP rule sets, the WordPress rule sets, to protect this kind of application. Then you get IP reputation rule groups, and this is to block request based on the source IP. So for example, you have a malicious IP, and there is this very important rule called the Managed Rules Amazon IP Reputation List, which is a list of all the IPs that are trusted by AWS, and those that are not trusted by AWS. And this can help you block spams very quickly. You can also get anonymous IP list as a rule, and so on. And finally there's block bot control manage rule group to block and manage requests from bots. So this includes, for example, the AWS manage rule bots control rule sets. So as you can see, we have four kinds of managed rule buckets, baseline use case specific IP reputation and above control. And the thing that can come up in exam is one of these, including the Amazon IP Reputation List. Okay, so what about logging for WAF? This is also something that can come up in the exam. So while WAF can send logs to Amazon CloudWatch log groups, and you get a debit of five megabytes per second maximum, you can also send it to Amazon S3 bucket, and the logs will be sent every five minutes. Or if you want to have more control, well you can send it directly from WAF to Kinesis Data Firehose, in which case you are only limited by the Firehose quotas. Well, why would you do this? Well, for example, if you have very high traffic, very high logging capacity requirements, then using KDF could be a very good thing. And then from Kinesis Data Firehose, you can send it to any destination supported by Kinesis, such as Amazon S3, Redshift, OpenSearch, and so on. So using WAF, there is a solution architecture, you know, which is to enhance CloudFront Origin Security. So let's say we have CloudFront in front of an application balancer talking to EC2 instances, and we want to make sure that only the traffic coming from Amazon CloudFront is allowed into the application balancer, and not, for example, site traffic. If we were to have the URL of the application balancer. So how would we do this? Well, using WAF, we can already set up some web ACLs on the CloudFront level. This is not going to help us with the application balancer, but at least we control some level of security on the clients. Okay, next, what's going to happen is that on Amazon CloudFront, you can create what's called a custom HTP header. And you have it for example, set to X Origin Verify and then a secret string. And so this will be added to every request that goes through Amazon CloudFront. The result of which is that we can also set up WAF on the application load balancer, and we create a filtering rule that says that any traffic that has this header, the X Origin verify and the value will be allowed and anything else will be rejected. So that means that someone, a user trying to access directly the ALB. Of course they don't know about the fact you're using custom HTP headers because they're hidden from the users, therefore they cannot access the ALB because they will be blocked by WAF directly on top of it. You can set up other rotation of this HTP header to have maximum security. So using Secrets Manager, we can have a secret that is automatically rotated using a Lambda function. And the Lambda function will update once in a while, the custom HTP header value with a new value in CloudFront, and of course update the filtering rule in AWS WAF. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.