So very quick lecture, but if you wanted to migrate an EC2 instance from one AZ to another, well the way you would do it is using an AMI. So, in this example, we want to migrate our EC2 instance from us-east-1a to us-east-1b, in which case, first we take an AMI from our EC2 instance and then restore that AMI into a new EC2 instance, in a different AZ which by default will have the same data and the same file system and the same applications because the AMI was taken from the original one. So, that's it super simple to see, but good to know. And if you want to see this, well, the AMI here my instance is in eu-central-1c, okay? And an image was taken from it. And so what I can do is that I can launch an image from this AMI module to micro and then here I'm able to select a specific AZ so, a specific subnet, and it could be for example this one to have it in eu-central-1b and then I would be good to go. So, let's say for this lecture, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture. Okay, so now let's talk about cross account AMI sharing. That means that you're sharing your AMI with another AWS account. In this case, when you share an AMI it does not affect the ownership of the AMI, you still have it, okay? And you can share an AMI for in two cases. Number one, if the volume is unencrypted and that means you can share it with another account or even share the AMI publicly, or if it's encrypted it has to be encrypted with your own customer managed key and we'll see the process for that as well. If you are sharing the, what I mean is that if you're sharing the AMI with an encrypted volume that means that you need to share any key that is attached to that volume as well that was used to encrypt and decrypt that volume otherwise the targeted account cannot use your volume. So, let's take an example, a simple one. We have account A and this is an unencrypted AMI in your source accounts and you're just going to share it with account B. And then the account B can launch directly an EC2 instance from that source AMI, very simple. Now, if you add KMS encryption we have the same use case, but this time your AMI is actually encrypted with your CMK-A, okay? And what you're going to do is that you're going to share this AMI with your account B but also you're going to share the KMS key. Okay, your CMK. And you're going to give permissions to the target accounts to describe the key to decrypt to re-encrypt and so on. And this will allow the target accounts to launch your custom AMI, even though it was encrypted with a key from your accounts, okay? Next, you can have the cross account AMI copy. So, you have sharing and copying. If you copy an AMI that has been shared with your accounts you are then the owner of the target AMI in your accounts. That means that the owner of the source AMI must grant you the read permissions for the storage that backs the AMI. So, the EBS snapshots, so it's a bit more involved. So, account B now has the permission to read the EBS snapshots behind the AMI. So, it can run a copy image, API call which will copy the source AMI into its own accounts. And in the process, for example you can encrypt the snapshot if you wanted to with your own keys. And as we'll see in the next slide if the shared AMI is an encrypted snapshot the owner must share the encrypted key or keys with you as well. And you can encrypt the AMI with your own CMK while copying So, let's have a look if we have KMS encryption in this example. So, we are sharing the underlying EBS snapshot and we still give KMS key permissions to the target accounts, okay? And the target accounts can issue a copy command to, for example, re-encrypt the EBS snapshot by decrypting it using the CMK-A that was given access to and re-encrypt it with CMK-B and its own accounts which will give a custom AMI that will be owned by the target account B with its own encryption mechanism, okay? So, that's it for how AMI copy and sharing works. So, if you have an AMI, what you can do as you can see is that if this AMI was shared with you, you could copy that AMI and this would let you get your own copy of the AMI, regardless of the sharing options afterwards. Or if you take that AMI itself you can have a look at the permissions in here and you can edit these permissions. So, what you would do is action, edit AMI permissions. And in here you have multiple options. So, if your AMI was private it could be encrypted or unencrypted or if it was unencrypted, you could make it public, okay? And you have people around the world that can use your AMI so, be careful with that. Also, if you, it was private and you want to share it with specific accounts organizations or OUs then you would allow here to add account ID's and you enter the account ID's. If you wanted to share with individual accounts or if you wanted to share with an entire organization or OUs then you would add the Org/ARN or the OU ARN, okay? And finally, when you do a sharing you can click here to add the create volume permission to the associated snapshots when creating account permissions. And this would allow the other accounts to use your AMI at will, okay? So, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.