Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn how to work with Nulls in Apache Spark. What are the functions or methods available to work with the null values in Apache Spark? And we will also learn what are the different types of complications that can happen when you are working with the null data values. So let's start. So let's go to chapter six working with Nulls. And this is the notebook that I will be using to help you understand few things about the null. Let's connect a cluster with this notebook so we can run the code. And we want to learn how to handle null values. Specifically, we want to learn four things. How do we do equality check for nulls. How nulls behave in mathematical and logical expressions. What are the functions available to work with nulls and how nulls behave in aggregation? So, to give you a understanding or knowledge about these four things, I'll need a data frame. So let me create a data frame here. It's a very simple sample data frame or a test data frame with five records ID, name and age three columns. We can see all five records here. There are three values where we have age, right, three records where age has a valid value, and two records where age is null. Null means unknown value. We do not know what is the age we do not know it is ten, 20, 50 or what it is, right? That's the literal meaning of the null value. Null value means we do not know. It is unknown now what kind of operations we may need. For example, let's say you have a requirement to find all records where age is 28. If I want to apply that transformation on this data frame, how will you do it? You learned it. Super simple. What is the data frame person DF right. So person. We can use where transformation and put the expression here age equal to 28. Right. That's the requirement. We want to find all records where age is 28. And then we can display the result to see if we are getting it correct. So age is 28. We got one record where age is 28. And there was no other record where age is equal to 28. So we got only one record. So result is correct in SQL or in C, spark SQL, or in SQL like expressions. Equal to is a logical operator which will check if age is equal to 28. Ideally, it should be double equal to because equal to single equal to should behave like an assignment operator, but double equal to is dedicated in most of the languages for equality check. So age. Ideally it should be age double equal to 28 means age is equal to 28. So that also works in Spark and Spark SQL. And if you use double equal to also it will be using equality check. Now we have one more similar requirement filed all records where age is not given or unknown. So question is saying age is unknown or not given. Means what it is saying. Age is null. So can we use same kind of expression h double equal to 28 instead of 28? The question is age is null, right? So age double equal to null. Can we do that? Let's try that. And result is no records. But we know there are two records where age is null. So we should see two records in the result. But I haven't got anything. What is wrong? The wrong thing. Here is the first point that we want to learn is how to do equality. Check with nulls. Right. Nulls do not respect these double equal to or single equal to operators. They do not return anything. So what do they return? Let's try to understand that. That's very simple debugging technique. If I want to understand what this guy returns, what this expression evaluates to, I was expecting age. If age is equal to null, then it should return true. And if age is not equal to null, it should return false. In all other cases. But what it is returning. If I want to see that there is a simple debugging technique, I can take the data frame and apply a width column transformation and create a column with the expression result. Right? Let's say. Uh age null x PR right. And what I want to do. I want to apply that same expression. Here, and since it is an expression, I want to wrap it around expr, right? And for using expr I have to import it from pi spark dot SQL. Dot functions. Import expr and then display it once this transformation is done. So what I'm doing I'm creating a column with the result of this expression not using this result into the Where clause, but result is being saved as a column. So I can see what the expression evaluates to Two and expression evaluates to null. It is not evaluating to true or false. This is a Boolean expression. It is not evaluating to true or false. It is evaluating to null. And that's what we say that null does not respect this double equal to logical operator. It can not evaluate to true or false. It will always evaluate to null. Null produces only null. Logic is also simple. It's logical. Unknown value produces unknown values. Unknown value cannot be equal to anything, or it cannot be not equal to anything. Its result is always unknown. And that's why null operator or null with the equality always returns null. But we have a requirement. We have a requirement to find all records where age is unknown. How do we fulfill that requirement to fulfill that requirement? Spark has given a new operator called I is operator, right? You can use is in uppercase or in lowercase. It works. But age is null. If you want to check age equal to null, you should check age is null. You cannot use double equal to or single equal to. Operator. Let's see what this expression evaluates to right. Let's run it. And this expression evaluates to either false or true. Right. Age is null here. So this evaluates to true. This evaluates to true. Age is null evaluates to false for these remaining records. How do I check if age is not null? Right? I mean, give true for these values and give false for this. So for that operator is age is not null. So this becomes false and this three becomes true. So the point is straight. If you want to check nulls use is is operator. So how that requirement or the expression translates. Select only those persons having a valid age information. That's the requirement. And we knew that we can do it using where clause right. Using Where clause. But the operator will not be double equal to or single equal to operator will be is age is null. And if I run this I will get those records where age is null. So that's the first thing we wanted to learn about null. Be very careful with the columns that may have null values, because if you are checking for age equal to 28, these two records are not participating in that filter because these two records age equal to 28 will always return null. Null means they are unknown. So they are not neither true, they are nor false. They are unknown. So they are not even participating in that search. They sit aside. I will not go on to the true side. I will not go on to the false side. I will sit aside. I will not be part of the result of true. I will not be part of the result of false. They don't participate. They set aside. If you want them to participate, then check for Isnull separately. You cannot check. Age is 28. This is not valid. No is operator is specifically designed for null. So you have to check age is null. Separate case. And then if you want. So want to check age 28 then should be a separate case with the equal to or double equal to operator. Now next point I want to learn is how operator works on null values. When we say operator we mean other than equality, right? How other logical operators or mathematical operators work on the null values. So let's see an example. Check the result of greater than operator on null values. So let's say I want to again create a debugging field. Let's say person df dot with column and let's say column name I want to create age underscore underscore 29 right. And I want to create an expression for this column. And expression is age is greater than 29. And after that I want to display. Right. What do you expect as a result. Let's look at the initial data frame. Let's say I had this data frame right. Three fields two age values are null, remaining are given. And we want to see age is greater than 29. Only those records where age is greater than 29, so age is greater than 29. This should be true. So this record should be in the result. Age is greater than 29 for this guy. True. So this record will be in the result. Age is greater than 28. False. So this record will be in the result. What about this guy and this guy? Age is greater than 29. The evaluation actually is null is greater than 29. Here the evaluation was 30 is greater than 29. Yes. Take it. 45 is greater than 29. Yes. Take it 28 is greater than 29. No, don't take it. But here null is greater than 29. What will happen? Is it true or false? We learn that null values do not. participate in any logical or mathematical operation, including the equal to right. So these guys will not participate in this condition. In this condition. So we will have true for this. We will have true for this. We will have false for this. And these two guys do not participate. So result will be null. Unknown. We do not know. Right. So let's see if our understanding is correct. Yes, this is true. That is greater than 2945 is greater than 29. 28 is greater than 29. False. So we have false. Null is greater than 29. No no no no no. Unknown value cannot be greater than anything or is smaller than anything. Unknown value cannot be checked. So we don't participate in these conditions. We result null right. Our original value was null. So result is also null. That's how they behave. But how do you want to deal with this? So my requirement is find all employees where age is greater than 29. So how do I do this? You do not worry about comparisons other than equality with the nulls. Assume that they are evaluating to false. Right? Let's see. What do I mean? So we have, uh, person DF and we want to apply a where condition and we have a requirement find all employees where age is greater than 29. So requirement is age is greater than 29 right. That's my requirement and dot display right. And same condition I know how it will be evaluated. Age is greater than 29. This will be true. So I want this record in the result. Yes, it will be true. It will come in the result. This record will come into the result. This record will be taken out of the result. These two records will not participate in this expression. So they will be kept outside. So in the result I will have only two records. Right. And that's what I'm going to get here. Only two records. And that is kind of correct result. So I don't have to worry about how this greater than or less than will behave, how other logical operators will behave with the null. They kind of give correct values. I was interested in finding all records where age is greater than 29. I got two values and that's correct for these two guys, David and Sushant. I do not know what is their age, so I do not know if they are greater than or 29 or less than 29. So I don't care about that. That is, that should not be in my result. In my result. We are certain about these two guys. So only these two guys are there in the result. So that's how NULL behaves with the logical operator. Now let's look at one more case how null behaves with the mathematical operator. So we have a requirement. Calculate expressions for every employee using the following formula. We want to calculate experience. And experience should be age -23. So let's do that. We know how to do it right. So person df dot with column. We want to calculate a new column called ex perience. Right. And formula is a simple expression which we know and expression is age -23. Right. And once this is done display. Display the result and let's see what do we get. So experience equal to 30 -23 745 -23 2228 -23 five null -23. We do not know because unknown values. If I deduct ten. If I deduct 100 or if I deduct 1 million I do not know from what I'm deducting. So the result is unknown. Result is also null. So here also in the mathematical operations nulls do not participate in the mathematical operation. The result is always null. When we say don't participate, it's a single line thing. Result is also null. Logical operation on null result is null. Mathematical operation on null result is null. Right? So that's all. But we have a requirement. We have a requirement to find experience for these two guys. But if we actually want to find the experience for these do two guys knowing their ages are null, we must have a clear understanding of how to deal with these nulls. What to do if this is null? Right. So we have a refined requirement here. Calculate the experience. Knowing that h could be null. H could be null. If h is null, then assume 23 years for experience. Calculation means the formula is given. Experience is age -23. But if age is null, then assume it to be 23 years so that the experience comes as zero here, right 23 -23 becomes zero. So instead of unknown, we want to make it zero. And how we want to arrive it to zero, assuming that if his age is unknown it is 23. So how do we implement that? And for doing that we have different functions to deal with the null. So I have provided the list or the link here. Conditional functions for null. Let's open it in a new tab. And you will get these many functions that are designed to deal with null. If null and a Nvl. Null if null if zero Nvl Nvl two when and zero if null. Many functions most commonly used one is. This guy are Nvl. So I'll give you how to use this to fulfill our requirement. Rest all. We'll leave for now and along with courses and different scenarios if you need them, we will be using them, but most of the time anvil is good enough to deal with the nulls. So let's come back to our requirement and see what was my requirement. My requirement was to calculate the experience. So um, let's do that right. Let's do that person DF with column. And I want to calculate the experience. And for that expression is super simple. And it says. Age -23. That's my experience. And we can display it to check if that works correctly. Right. But we have a further detail about the age. That age could be null. Right. So you will not get any experience. You will get. Unknown experience. So if age is null, then assume 23 years age equal to 23 years for experience calculation. So if age is null, then assume it to be 23. How do we check that? We want to check a condition if age is equal to null, or if age is null, then take it 23. Otherwise, take whatever age is given. Instead of writing that complex case statement or if condition, we have a very simple function called nvl and that nvl takes two arguments. The first argument is which field to check? We want to check age and what to return when the value for the age is null. Null value Nvl which means replace null with the 23. So if it is null, then it will be replaced with 23 and 23 -23. These values will become zero. We are not modifying age because the requirement is that assume it to be 23 years for experience calculation only. Do not update the age. So we are done using the Nvl. Let's run it. And we got zero experience here instead of unknown. Now we have at least some value which says zero right? We have zero experience. So that's all how NULL behaves with equality. How null behaves in other logical and mathematical operations. And what functions do we have to deal with the nulls or complications created by nulls? Now last thing how NULL behaves in aggregation. So that is also very important concept to learn. So let's say what is the average age. So let's say person df dot what do we want. We don't want to create a new column called Average age. We want to know what is the average age. So it's a very simple select requirement right. If I had to write it in SQL I will simply say select average age from this table. So it's a select requirement or maybe select expr. And what is the expression average age. That's all. Avg is a function which calculates average and age is the column dot display. Right. What is the average age? 34.3333 something. Whatever. But how that average is calculated. Let us assume that this was the record. This was the data frame, right? The this was the data frame. We had five records, three known values, two unknown values. If I have to calculate average simple formula, is this plus this plus this plus this plus this divided by how many records. Five records. That's the average, right? 30 plus. Null plus. Null plus 45 plus 28 divided by five. But 30 plus null becomes null. Plus null becomes null. Plus 45 becomes null. Plus 28 becomes null. So if we we know that null, any operation with null becomes null, right? So if I manually try to calculate average Some these things divide by five. Result will be null. But that's not happening. We got the result, so it is not going that way. So for calculating aggregates or averages there is slightly different approach defined in spark and in SQL. Also same approach is designed. So what happens. We say that these null values do not participate. So it means leave these records aside. And now we are left with only three records right. Leave these records aside. Maybe do something like that. These two are left and we are left with three. So 28 plus 30 plus 45 divided by three. Not divided by five because these two are left aside. And that's how SQL engine or Spark SQL or spark data frame implements the aggregate, they will add these three things. Divide by number three and then take the aggregate. Leave these guys out outside the consideration. Right. And that kind of gives me a good result. A meaningful useful result. Because if I literally look at it these two are unknown. So they should not be participating in average. These are known records. But then when I sum all these, I should not be dividing it by five because these two records are not considered right. So I should be dividing only by three. That's what spark does. And that's how this average is 34.333. You might be thinking what if we filter out null values before aggregation right. So let's say if this is the expression this is where I'm doing aggregation before that. What if I do where and in the where I want to filter? Age is not null. Take only those records where age is not null. So what I'm saying. Take only these records, then calculate the average. Right? If we, uh. Don't take that and run this much, age is not null. I will get only three records. And what I'm saying is take only three records and then calculate the average. Do we need to do that? This will also give me the same average that I got here. Right. Let's try that same average that I got here. Why? This is useless work. spark because spark by default internally itself is doing the same thing. It is taking out these two null records out of consideration, out of calculation. They do not exist, right? Filter them out and then take the average or any aggregation, right? If even if you do the sum of age, it will be these three values only right? So three values summit divide by three. That's what spark is doing. So this kind of thing is not required in spark or in general in SQL. Also if you are very good in SQL these concepts should be already clear to you. You. And that is all. That's all for working with Nulls in Apache Spark. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.