Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn how to work with the numbers in Apache Spark, in spark data frame transformations, how to work or deal with the numbers, what are the functions available to work with the numbers or transform numbers. So let's start doing that. So here I am in my environment. Let's go to chapter six working with numbers. And this is the notebook I'll be using to explain few concepts related to working with numbers. And we will learn how to work with numbers. So let me connect a cluster here. We want to learn three things. How to write mathematical expressions for working with fields or columns that are made from numbers that are number data types. What are the mathematical functions available in spark for doing the mathematical work. And what are the aggregate functions available in spark for doing the aggregation on numerical or numeric columns? These three things. So using mathematical functions and using aggregate functions. First thing is we need to know where these functions are. Where is the complete list of available functions for mathematical functions and for aggregate functions. I have given a link here. You click that and you will directly land to the documentation page where the list of functions are available. But how do you see yourself or how do you search it yourself? So let's go to spark documentation and API docs. We are in Python, so Python API docs and come to API reference all the things in spark. Whatever we are learning is available under this spark SQL come to functions and you will see a lot of functions listed here. In this page you can go to Mathematical Functions. And here is the long list of mathematical functions. Get an absolute value cos sin tan those things right. There are many many functions like this. There is a long list. You cannot have a examples for all of these. But if you look at the documentation they give examples here. Right. Uh what is this abs function? ABS function returns a column object representing the absolute value of the input. Example is here. Let us say if, uh, you do abs of some value. When value was minus one, you got one absolute value When value was minus three, you got three, and when value was unknown, null, you got null. Right. That's how they work. So you can explore these things yourself. But how to build expressions. That's what I'm going to give you. Demo. Similarly for aggregate Functions list you can come in this list and look for aggregate functions. And you will get aggregate functions list right like average. Count. First there are many write max min. Some statistical functions are also there, some variance. A lot of types of aggregates are supported by spark through these functions. So let's close this and come back to our lecture and learn how to use mathematical expressions, or how to build mathematical expressions, how to use mathematical functions, and how to use aggregate functions in spark DataFrame API for meeting our requirements. So for doing that I will need one data frame. So I have code here which will load invoices data from a CSV file, create a data frame and we will display that data frame here. You already learned all this. How to do that. The data file is already provided in your resources. And if you have set up your environment using our lecture in chapter two, you should have these data sets in your environment. Also, if you want to try it yourself, you can do that. So here is how our invoices data frame looks like. It has got more than 10,000 records. And if you look at the schema, we have mostly string but few numerical columns like quantity, unit, price, customer id. I don't know why this is integer, but it is right. So we have few numerical fields. We can run mathematical expressions on those numerical fields. So for doing any mathematical operation the field should be numeric whether integer, decimal, double float, whatever. But it should be numerical. Now let's come to a simple requirement to start learning. Calculate total value for each invoice line item. What is total value? The requirement should have explained what is the total value. But what I want to do here is total value is quantity multiplied by unit price. Right? That's the total value. So if quantity is this unit price is this. Multiply them and you will get the total value of this line item which is not there in the data frame. So we want to calculate a new field called total value. And we know the formula quantity into unit price. So how can you do it. You already learned all that right. We want to take our data frame retail DF and add one more column using width column. And the column name is total value. And then specify a expression to calculate the total value and expression. We can give expression in two ways using expr. So we can import it from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import expr. Once imported, we can use expr to write a expression to calculate the total value, and we know expression is simply quantity quantity multiplied by unit. Price. Let's uh unit price. Right. And once it is done, we simply want to display so that we can check what we have done. This is one way of writing the expression. You can also use column expression or use call function to write the expression. So suppose same expression. We want to write little differently using the call function. So what we will do we will import from pi, spark, dot SQL, dot functions import call and then write the same kind of expression up to. Here things are same. We want to create total value field and while defining the expression we don't want to use expr. Instead we want to say column quantity multiplied by column unit price. So what we can say call. Quantity multiplied by call. Unit price. There are two approaches. And then we close the width column here and then display display. Right. Both should produce the same result. So let's run it. And for invoice ID This line item stock code is null. That's fine. 536356. Quantity six. Unit price 2.55. And we got total value as 15.29999. Something like that. And if I run this guy. This guy should also give me the correct result. And for this guy six into 2.55 multiplied by these two we get same total value. And that's how we build expressions in Apache Spark. If columns are mathematical columns we want to build some expression. The result of this expression is also a column which will be added in the data frame as total value column. We want to do a little improvement here. The total value is coming as 15.2999. Very huge in some cases, and we know it is um, currency value. So we want to round it to two digits. How do you do that. That's where you can use your, uh, mathematical functions in spark. So spark gives us one function called round. So we can apply round here. Round function. After multiplying these two guys round it by default, I guess it should round to the two digits. So let's do it and see the results. By default it is rounding to zero digits zero decimal digits, but we want to round it to two decimal digits. So we specify the number of decimal digits explicitly in the round function and try it once again. and we got this kind of result, which is kind of nice, right? How do you apply this? If you have written the expression like this right. You can do that by adding round function. So from functions you import one more function called round and simply wrap these result after multiplication in a round function. Round right round round what take quantity column multiplied by unit price column. Whatever result comes round it to two digit. That's all right. And then close the round function parenthesis and then display it. And this works perfectly fine. And we can see same kind of result. We are getting. The point is, you can build your expressions using this kind of approach, or you can build it using this kind of approach. Whatever you feel more comfortable, you can use that. One more thing I wanted to highlight here is we can even create expressions as a variable. So let's assume I want to create a variable called total value x equal to and I can have. This same expression. Saved as variable right. So take column quantity multiplied by column unit price rounded to two decimal digits. And save this as a expression. And once I have that expression, I can use it in my this kind of data frame transformation, right? Instead of keeping it here, I can remove it and use total value exp. Let's call it total value expr1. And this guy also total value exp one. And this also works. And this is quite a powerful thing. It allows us to break our logic into smaller variables right. Variable. Not only hold some values like a numeric value or a string value, they can also hold a expression, a complete expression, or a formula. And you can use that wherever you need it. And that gives us the ability to write, uh, neat and clean code or break our logic into smaller pieces and then assemble it wherever we need it. Right. So this kind of thing can also be done with the other type of expression, right? Let's call it expr two. And instead of this guy I can create an expression of this kind. Right? It is not that it is only allowed with the column type of expressions. It is allowed with the expr type of expression also. Right? So once this is defined I can use it here. Both are valid. So if I run this I will get the same results like I got earlier right. Quantity six unit price 2.55 five, and the total value column is rounded to two decimal digits, and we see the value here. This guy also works without any error with the same performance, and we got the same kind of results here also. So that's about how do you develop expressions for numerical columns. Right. And you can write expressions in two ways. Either string expression wrapped inside expr or directly a Python like expression. Make sure you are specifying the column or wrapping the column in the call function. To tell Python that this is a column in a data frame, right? And you can write expression. That way you can save expressions as a variable, whether it is column expression or it is a string expression. Both can be saved into a variable which can be used later in your data frame transformation. That's all about writing expressions. And now we also want to learn one more thing here. Perform the following exploratory analysis on invoices data. We saw the invoices data. We want to perform the exploratory analysis on invoices data. And there are three things that this exploratory analysis want to discover. Can we make invoice number as numeric field. Right. Invoice number. Can we make it numeric field. What it is currently if we look at the data frame that we displayed in the beginning. This one invoice number is a string. It looks like number right. So we want to do some exploratory analysis and uh check. Can we. Make it a numeric field and also analyze quantity to identify potential invalid records. Write and analyze unit price to identify potentially invalid records. How do you do that? In the earlier lectures we learned we have one data frame transformation called describe and describe. If I run that describe will describe these three fields because I'm asking describe to describe only these three fields. Otherwise it will describe if I don't give this list describe will describe every field in the data frame. But I am interested in three fields because my requirement is about these three fields. So I want to describe these three fields and get some stats about it. It tells me count, mean standard deviation min and max. Right. And this describe can give me some good information. For example, if I look at my first requirement, can we make invoice number a numeric field? Describe is telling me max value is C581569 which contains a character. So you cannot make if you try to make this um uh string kind of value to number, you will get an error. And those records will not be successfully converted to numeric value. So you cannot do that right. The next question was analyze quantity to identify potentially invalid records. So look at the quantity min value is negative max value is this. So we have problem here. This cannot be quantity should not be negative. And uh I don't think the quantity should be that big. So the point is describe is one good way to get some statistics about your fields and do some exploratory analysis to analyze and understand some patterns in your data. But here we want to learn one more transformation, which is good for doing the exploratory analysis. And that transformation is known as summary. So let's take the retail DF and dot summary and run that. What summary will do. The summary is going to create one data frame I need to display that. So let's display summary is going to create or return a summary data frame. And if I display it display I will get summary about all the columns. But I don't want all the column summary I'm interested in only three column summaries and are unfortunately summary doesn't take that list of fields we are interested in. So I have to add a select transformation outside this and provide a list of columns that I am interested in. So I need these three fields summary about these three fields invoice number quantity and unit price, not about description and invoice date and other things. And I also want this field, the summary field. Right. So at the beginning I should also add the summary field. So as you summary field right now let's display that. And you can see summary is giving count mean standard deviation min 25th percentile 50th percentile 75th percentile and max. So it gives me a little more information compared to describe. So summary provides count mean, standard deviation min max and percentiles. There are three values 25th, 50th and 75th. And these are approx. Percentiles. These are not exact. And that gives me a little more information right. Look at the invoice number Max value. Is this. So we know we cannot convert it to number. So the answer to the first question is done. Analyze quantity to identify potentially invalid records. So look at the quantity. Min value is negative which indicates some invalid records where at least one invalid record where the minimum value is this. And this also looks very huge 80,995 items in a single line item in a single word. That looks weird to me, so that might be a invalid record. Also at least one invalid record, but how it is distributed so min and max don't tell me much, but if I have percentiles then I get little more information, right? Only one quantity for 25% of the records, right? If I look at the 50th percentile, the quantity is three. If I look at the 75th percentile, quantity is ten, right. So definitely this is huge. This cannot be true and should not be looking like a valid record. So summary gives me some additional information like these right. Same way unit price. This is outlier. This is an outlier. And looking at percentiles we know that range is somewhere. This right 1.254.13 75th 95th percentile. So that's one, uh, good, nice transformation, which summarizes the fields. Mostly works very well with the numeric fields. Right. But it, um, works on the string fields also, or text fields also, this invoice number was text. So we got some summary here, but we are not limited to the summary where these fixed stats are given. If you want to do some other kind of stats like I want um, I'm not interested in 25th, 50th and 75th percentile. I'm interested in 99th percentile. Right. But summary is not giving me. Or maybe I'm interested in some statistical analysis, some other kind of distribution or, uh, variance analysis on my data to understand the nature or distribution or pattern within the data. You can use that also using aggregation functions provided in the Apache Spark. Remember using aggregate functions, if you come to the aggregate functions you will have lot of aggregate functions, right? I was interested in finding the 99th percentile. So do I have a function for that. We have a percentile function which takes on which column you want to calculate the percentile and what is the percentage. Optionally you can also provide the frequency know little bit statistics. You can use these things to do exploratory data analysis. So how do we use this simple. Let's come down and I want to use percentile. So I have to import that function. So from pi spark dot SQL Functions. Import. Let's say I want to find min, max and percentile. Right. Three things. And I want to apply some analysis on retail. And, uh, I don't want to add column or modify or transform the data frame. I'm only interested in doing a select where I will calculate min of unit price. Let's say I'm willing to do this analysis on unit price column only. So I want to find minimum of unit price. And uh let's say max of unit price. But look at this. What I'm doing. I'm not writing expression like, uh, a string. I could have written it something like this, uh, expression which says Max of. Unit price. Right. This is an expression, and I can wrap it around x, right. Or use select expr this and then third guy I think this should be like this. And third percentile. Percentile and percentile takes column name unit price. And percentage is 0.99. So I want 99th percentile. And then finally display. It is display. Can I run this. Let's see. It worked. So minimum value is this. Maximum value is this. And 99th percentile is 18. So that gives me more confidence that these guys are outliers. Definitely outliers and not should not be valid values. Right. So you can do your own kind of statistical or exploratory data analysis using aggregation functions offered by spark. And we also learned that you can write these expressions also in the Select clause. Also you can write simply function and pass the column name right. Or you can write your Function, call or expression using a string, but wrap it around expr or you can directly use functions. Pass the values. These functions expect the column name, nothing else, so you don't have to wrap these column names around call function. They expect column names so they know this is a column name. You don't have to wrap it around something like call here, something like this, right. You should not be doing that. But if you do that it doesn't throw an error. So these functions are designed in a way that they expect a column or just column name. Both types are valid just column name or the column wrapped in a call. So whatever way you do it works when you write an expression as a string, you must wrap it around expr. Or if you are directly using column name like we used in the with clause. With clause. Here we wanted to use this column multiplied by this column. Right. This is an expression where spark will not know what is quantity and what is unit price. Right. So this should be wrapped inside a call so that spark knows this is a column. Take the column value. This take this column value. Multiply it and then round takes the result. Rounds it to the two digit. So sometimes in the beginning you might have some confusion where to wrap column name with the call where you can directly use the column names like I'm using here in the, uh, select I am using here in the percentile and R in function, but with little practice you will know that min function expects a column name, so you don't need to wrap it. Similarly, select expects a column name, so you don't have to wrap it in the call function. But if you are writing something like quantity multiplied by unit price, then you have to tell quantity is a column and unit price is a column, right? So that's all about working with numbers, writing expressions, saving expressions as a variable, doing some exploratory analysis using aggregate functions in spark for doing some kind of exploratory data analysis. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.