Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn to process or manipulate strings in spark data frame APIs or using a spark data frame APIs and functions to work with the string data type. So let's start doing that. So here I am in my dev environment. Let's go to Spark Programming chapter six and Manipulating Strings. This is the notebook that I will be using to help you learn how to work with string or how to manipulate strings. Let me connect a cluster here. String manipulation in spark is mainly done using the string manipulation functions. So what are the string manipulation functions available in spark? If you know SQL, lot of SQL functions are there for string manipulation. Same way spark also offers those and you can jump to the documentation to see a list of string functions. If you are directly trying to navigate to the spark, come to the documentation API reference functions and you can come to string functions, right? There are so many functions here, so many to meet different kind of requirements, right? I'm not going to give you detail of all these, but instead we want to focus on learning how to use these or some of these functions in spark so that you can use all of these or whenever, whatever requirement is there. Accordingly, you can use the string manipulation functions. So let's look at the requirements. The first requirement is you are given a data frame below. Let's assume you created some data frame. Somehow you got the data frame something like this right. So This data frame. And once this is created, let's display it. So DF dot display. So we are given a data frame which has day month year day month year day is something like some number, month is an digit number and year is a four digit number. What is the data type. All are string. Right now you have a requirement to create a date from day, month and year. And since all these are strings they represent numeric values but they are strings. So to convert these three strings into one date a valid date of date data type, we have to do some string manipulation, right. We have to write some expression which combines these three things. Make one big string Ring that looks like a date, and then convert or transform the data type from string to date. Right. That's what we need to do. You you learn all that. So to combine these three strings we need to write some expression. Right. And we already learned that we can save expressions. So let's create a variable called date date exp. And we will be creating a expression to convert this guy into date. And for creating an expression we need to first think we need to combine year, month and date. Right. So we need a function called concat or something like which helps us to concatenate multiple strings. So spark gives us two functions. Let me import them first. From pi spark dot SQL dot functions import concat and concat. W.S. concat is a simple concat which will concatenate one, two, three, four strings and make one single string. Concat W.S. is to concatenate multiple strings with a separator, so we want to make date out of these three values, and we know that date should be represented like e or slash or minus or hyphen month hyphen day. So we will need a separator. So let's import concat W.S. and use that to concat W.S.. Concat W.S. is a function which first is what is the separator. So we can put a separator like this right. And uh second parameter is star calls column or name. So we can use star calls means list of columns multiple. Uh it is a multiple argument function which takes multiple arguments. So we can give 123, four as many as we want. And the value is column or name. What does it mean. We can directly write the column name like uh here, right. Or we can even wrap it in the call function like this. And that is also valid if we import the call function here. So this way or simply this way. So most of the functions in spark are designed to accept either column name or column object. So leaving column name is easy. So I want to give column name here. So we want to concat here. Then this separator means hyphen. Then month right month. Um let's keep some space here. And then. Day. Right. And that becomes my expression. And uh, we will have 1980 2-07, dash 25. Why I'm picking up here first and then month and then day, because I know that's the default format in spark. and spark by default. This is year, then month, and then day. So I don't want to specify the date format string while converting this string to date. And for converting this string to date, I can use two date function write to date function because that's what we want. So this result goes to two date function and to date that's all two date takes two arguments. The first argument is the field. Which field. And we build the field here hyphen month. Hyphen day is a new field returned by the concat W.S. and what is the date format. So I can specify some date format here like y y y y hyphen hyphen dd. But since I am building it in the default format, this is optional. so if I don't specify, I will get the date expr, which is my expression to create a real date. Right. And once I have the expression, I can use it anywhere. So let's say df dot select and in select I'm giving date expr, date expr and the result I want to display. Date EXR returns a column right? If you want you can see it. Let's let's comment this and run this guy. This compiles right. And if I want to print after that what is date expr. Date expr is a column object right? If it is a column object I can use all the functions available on the column. Object on the column object. All these functions are available, right? So that is one thing to know here. And let's try this data expr display. And let's comment this guy this guy is keep on coming in between our result. So I got this value which looks like a date. And this logo here. This date indicates a data type. So data type is also date. But the column name is very weird right. Uh, it took the entire expression as the column name. So what I can do, um, I can put here dot alias. Right. And alias, let's call it date. So that also becomes the part of the expression. And I can run it like this and the column name will be date. Right. Or I can leave it here and put that alias here. Right. Date. Expression. Dot alias date. And run it here. And we get the same result. So whatever way you want, you can do that. And this thing is very powerful. That allows us to do things in part and use this variable in building the complex logic and code also looks neat with this help of these kind of expressions. So that's all we fulfilled our requirement. And we learn how to concatenate strings and how to use string manipulation function. We learned one example. Now let's look at one more example. So we learned a few more things about string manipulation. You are given a data frame below. Right. So let us assume I have this data frame. Uh uh, format it a little bit. And this create this data frame and maybe DF dot display. So I can see what data frame I have. So I have a data frame with so many fields first name, last name, day month year and salary. Right. These are the values requirement is create a following output. Create a output with two fields font text and salary. Font text says. Mr. Sanjay Kalra was born on 25th July of 1982. Do I have information to build this kind of a string? Mr.. That's fine. It's I can put a hard code, a string. Mr.. Sanjay Kalra is the first name and last name was born on I Can Hard Code this 25th July 1982. And here is the salary. So I have some information here, but I want to present this information this way. How can I do that? Let's try that. We know spark offers a bunch of string manipulation functions. So whatever I want to do, I should have some function helping me to do that. So let's. Clear this and then we start building expressions. So salary format let's build an expression for this guy. Because this is simple. And this is also like not standard right. It is showing dollar symbol here comma here. And two decimal digits right. But in my data frame the salary is simply this a number, right? Maybe a double field. So I need one expression to format the salary. So let's build a expression. Let's call it a. Salary format or salary FMT. And uh, how do I create this kind of thing. Let's go and look for the available manipulation functions. Let's come to. Functions and string functions I want to format a number. Right. So do I have something like format number function. Right. So the name is very intuitive format number function. It explains few things here. And uh more details here. Some examples here I can easily discover how this format works with practice. With experience, you will have these things in your mind, right? So I want to use format numbers function. So let me first import that right at the top from Pi spark dot SQL dot functions import format number and call the format number function format number function pass the required parameter. The first parameter is column name. So I can pass column name here and column name is salary. Right this guy. Salary and second parameter what it is. So second parameter says n decimal places. That's weird. Uh, here it says formats the number x to a format like this. Rounded to decimal places with half even round mode and returns the result as a string. So looks like it accepts this kind of formatting string. Let's try that. I want dollar in the beginning then. Um, something like. This right. And two digits after that. So let's try that. It compiles. At least it is not throwing me an error that there should be an integer value. So sometimes discovering these functions is a little weird. But with the experience you can learn about that. So salary format is done. If you want I can quickly try that or test if my salary format is working. Find df dot. Let's do select and just select salary. Okay. This should be salary. Salary. FMT and dot. Display. Let's see what we get. And we get what we wanted right. What is the data type? Not shown here. But this gives me an indication it is a string. Right. So that's what the function was saying. It returns a formatted number as a string. The result is not a number. It is good to display, but it is not good to do a mathematical operation. Right. You cannot multiply this salary format with three. You cannot do something like this or whatever. Right. Let's try that. And it throws an error value of this of type string cannot be cast to bigint blah blah blah. Right. So remember what is your return. We are doing string formatting here. Or we are using string manipulation techniques. Result is a string. It doesn't participate in the numeric operations or mathematical expressions. So that's fine. This looks fine. I will be able to achieve this column. What about this fun text? Right. So let's build a expression for that. Uh, let's say text format. And uh, what do I want to do? I want to format a string in a particular way like this. And uh, do I have a string format function? Let's go look at the string functions. Format number. Format string. Just besides that. And we tell what is the format. And then we tell what are the columns. And this is like printf right a printf style. Right. So if you have learned C programming long back in your career and know how printf formatting works, you can easily do that. But let's let's do it quickly. Here we want to use format string and format string takes the format. The first one is format something like printf. So format. And then we tell the list of columns. So format here and list of columns. So what format do we want. We want first Mr.. Right. Mr.. Is space and then Sanjay is the first name. So let's say percent s, then Kalra is the second name. So let's say percent S and R was born on is something was born on and then we want 25th. So 25 is the day right. So we want percent d and after that t right. And then July. So July is the month. So we want a string here. Percent s of year right here is also percent D. And then one full stop. That's all. So we defined these specifiers. Format is specifier string string number string number. So 12345. So we have to tell what are those five fields. Right. So first field is first name. Right. First name. This is first name. This guy is last name. Right. So last name. Then we have, uh. This guy is day, right? Take the column names here. Right. Uh, day. And, uh, this guy is month, right? So month. And then last is here. And that should be all simple. And now I can try that also. Salary format is this comma text format text fmt. These two expressions this should be. alias as fun text. So dot alias or I can put that alias here itself. Right? Dot alias and alias is fun text. And this alias should be salary. Right. And let's try running that. Oops. Uh, function parameter with name. First name cannot be resolved. And this is a typical error we get when we need to wrap it in the call. But we are using string column name. So let's quickly look at this star calls. So list of columns and star calls. Is documentation saying column or column name Column names or columns to be used in formatting, so ideally this should work. This this is column name so it should work. But unfortunately it is giving me this kind of error. So what I can do I don't know if it is a bug or what, but I can use wrappers like this and, uh, apply this thing to all these guys, right? All these guys. And close the parenthesis here. Right. And at the end, one more parenthesis and let's try it. Take one positional argument, but two were given. Okay, so something wrong here? This. Is, um. This should be like this. And. No. Format string and share alias. And then what is this? This is nothing. Let's try it again. Okay, so the problem is here. Uh, first name, last name. Day. Month. Year. Salary. So let's try again. Now we got it. And I guess this was not necessary because documentation is saying you can give column name or column field. Right. So this all was not necessary, and it wasn't a bug in spark or in spark documentation. Instead it was bug in my code. So let's do it this way. And we got it right. Salary and fund tax requirement was to show fund text first and salary second. I have salary first and fund text second. So that's fine. You can change it like have the text format first and then salary format. And it looks like this. Mr. Sanjay Kalra was born on 25th July of 1982. Salary. Is this so that's how we do string manipulation. The point is, you have to use string manipulation functions to fulfill your requirement. And based on the requirement, if you try to look for the available function, most likely you will get a function which works or meets or helps you to meet your data transformation requirement. If not, you can create a custom function yourself. Spark also allows that, but we will learn that later. How to create custom functions for yourself. We call it user defined functions, but most likely you will have all the necessary functions needed for your transformation. Let's do one more requirement. Here you are given a data frame below. Let's copy paste it. Uh, make sure you don't have a space here. And uh, line continuation I let's use it. That's fine. And we get the data frame created. Let's display it so we can see the data once before we look at the requirement. So address and pin only two fields. Addresses. This pin is this address. Is this pin. Is this right code to fix the data problem in the address field. What data problem. I think this is referring to these junk characters. Right. This tilt in between and this um um what is this called? Tilt? I think this is tilt and this is some code, right? Type of character. Both of these are found in your, uh, keyboard below the escape key. So we want to remove these fix the data problem in the address field. We have got some junk character or foreign character. Looks like if we remove these two, we will be able to fix the address. We will be able to correct the data. How can we do that? Do we have some function for doing that. It is also a string manipulation address. Is a string field right? Can we do that? Let's, uh, try doing that. How I'm going to do what I will do is, uh, um, we can build a expression, or we can directly do it in the DF dot with column. Let's modify the address field itself. Replace the address field with a newly calculated address field. And we will give the expression here to calculate the address or fix the problem in the address. And then finally I would want to display the result here. What is the logic. What do we want to do. We want to replace these guys right. But replace means look for a character and replace it with a new character. Right. But we have two different types of character. So I have to do it twice. Replace this guy with nothing and then replace this guy with nothing. And we will have address or we have something called translate also in spark. And that is available in most of the SQL languages. Let's look at the translate function. Replace and translate are two functions for doing these kind of things. So we have replace source search. Search what. And what is the replacement for the searched item. So this could work. Uh, we also have translate. I know that. So translate is also similar which says source matching and replace. So translate is little more powerful than replace. Replace will search for something and translate allows us to put a something called matching pattern. So let's look at the translate I guess this could fulfill my requirement. So column matching matching characters and replace characters for replacement. If this is shorter than matching string then those characters that don't have replacement will be dropped. So look at the example. So what it is saying translate column A with R and. With the value 123 means if r is found. Replace it with one. If N is found, replace it with two. If L is found, replace it with three and if T is found, do nothing right and the value was. Translate. So r is found. So R should be replaced with one. And we got one here. And r t is replaced with nothing. So t is taken out T is gone right R is replaced with one. Then a then we had n n is replaced with two like that. So this could work for my requirement. Let's let's try to build the expression here I want to import translate first. From pi spark dot SQL dot functions import On slate. Right. And we want to use translate here. Translate function. And first parameter is the column which column to work on. And the column is address right column or column name. So I can give column name here. Keep it simple. Column name is. Address. And then we need to provide what to search or what is the match. And we know that there are two things we want to change. And the thing is that, uh, this this guy and this this guy. Right. So look for this and look for this. And, uh, what is the replace? Replace is nothing. We want to remove those guys. So nothing Replace with nothing means just remove them. Right. And let's try that. See if we get the address field fixed and it is fixed. Right. So that's another string manipulation function. And uh we saw an example for data correction using string manipulation. So this was another nice example. And that is all that is all. For this lecture we learned how to use different string functions to do string manipulation or data transformation. That involves processing string or transforming a string in a particular way. And we also learned how to discover the required function for doing our string processing or string manipulation. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.