Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn how to deal with the date types in Apache Spark, how to process or manipulate or work with the date data type values in Apache Spark. What functions are available? What transformations are available? So let's start learning that. So here I am in my dev environment. Let's go to Spark Programming chapter six working with dates. This is the notebook that I will be using to help you learn few things about working with dates. So let me connect a cluster here. And working with date fields or doing date arithmetics or transforming dates is mainly done using the date functions in Apache Spark. So I have included a link here which will take you to the list of all the date functions available in spark, but you can directly come to Apache Spark documentation and locate it yourself. Come to API docs, Python API reference, spark SQL functions, and in this list you can jump to date functions date and timestamp functions. Date and timestamp functions are given together, but in this lecture we will be focusing on date and in the following lecture we will talk about the time stamps. These are the list of functions. These includes date and timestamp. Both types of functions. For example add months is a date function. Convert time zone is a time zone function or time function. Current date current timestamp. Like that. You have a bunch of functions that are given to you to do or fix your requirements right, so you can go through these functions once and are at high level, understand what these functions are doing or what type of functions are there. So when you have a requirement to do the data transformation or do the date arithmetic, you have some reference in your mind that yes, we have a function for doing that. And then you can come back to the documentation and get more details about that function, how to do it. But for now, let's uh, do some examples to understand how date works or how date transformation works using some of the date functions. So let's come to the requirement. We have first requirement. Here you are given a data frame as below. So we are creating a sample data frame with the three fields y, m and D and then we are also creating one more field date str concatenating the y m with a hyphen. So let's run this so we know what kind of data we have in the data frame. And then we will go over the details of doing some kind of transformations on this data. So here is the data frame right. We have year month and day three separate fields. And we also have a combined string take year hyphen month and hyphen day. These all are supposed to be dates but these are in different different formats. This one looks pretty good 2022 518. So this is year five. Month 18 is the day. But there is one problem in this string, five is a single digit. Usually months are represented with two digits, right? So it should have been represented as zero five. Similarly look at the other guy 9999. What is that year right? 1231. Month and day. This is negative. This is 10,000. This is -10,000. This is three digits of year, one digit for month, two digits of day, two digits for year right. Four digits for year, single digit for month. Like that. There are some weird kind of date fields, and they represent some kind of data that you might have collected or ingested from some source. And your job is to maybe fix all these right, and prepare a proper data set, which can be used for analysis, uh, instead of having date str, which is a string field, we should have a proper date, field date, data type. And all these values should be represented appropriately and converted into valid dates if we can. If we cannot, then maybe those values should be taken out, or we will know that these values cannot be converted to a valid date. So these should be considered as invalid record. So how do we do that. So requirement is convert a string to date. And we have this string here. And we will be converting this to date. But before we start working on these requirements I want to highlight few things about spark and dates which we should definitely know before working with the dates. So the first point is spark validates the date against the proleptic Gregorian calendar. There are many calendars or the calendar defined in the industry, but Sparc implements proleptic Gregorian calendar, which is pretty much standard. Most of the databases implement the same, so all the dates when we try to convert a date or a string into a date, for example 10,000. It will be validated against the proleptic Gregorian calendar by Sparc, and if it turns out to be a valid date, then only Sparc will allow us to convert it to date. Whether we are trying to convert a string into date using Cast, or we are trying to convert a string into date using some data type conversion function, like to date. Right. There are two approaches to convert string into date. One is through cast or other. One is using some function like two date. But whatever we do, Sparc will validate that date against the Gregorian calendar. Proleptic Gregorian calendar. A few more points about the proleptic Gregorian calendar. The negative years are considered BC, and positive values or positive years are considered AD in Gregorian calendar. So if we have something like this, this will be considered BC and something like this, where year is termed as positive number. It should be considered ad. So that's one point. And usually in spark valid dates are taken. If we try to convert a string into a date using cast or using two date, valid dates are converted, it is taken and invalid dates throw an exception or taken as null depending upon which function we are using to convert. It might throw an exception that this is not a valid date we cannot convert it to date, right? Or it might automatically take the date as null that it cannot be converted to a valid date, so it's an unknown value. These two types of behaviors are available in spark. We choose which type of behavior we want. So that's all. Now let's do the requirement. Let's try dirty our hands to understand how we can convert a string to date. We want to convert this date str to date and create a field called valid date. So you already learned how to do that, right? In the previous lectures we have done many examples. So let's try to create one data frame. We call it DF and we will be writing code to do that transformation in this pair of parenthesis. And we start with DF. My original data frame is DF right. and I'm starting with DF and result. Also I'm putting into DF. So what it means the data frame, the original data frame will be replaced with the new data frame. So we will lose the original data frame. But that's fine I want to do that. So df dot what we want to do. We want to create a new column so we can use with column and new column name. I want it to be valid date. So we will write a new column name here. Valid date. And then I can give a expression with column takes a column as an expression. It doesn't take a string right. So that's why if I want to write a expression using string or a pass the expression as a string, then I must wrap that string around the expr within the expr function so that expr function will evaluate that expression and return a column, and then that column will be passed to the width column. So let's do that. Uh expr and I will write the expression here to do the conversion. So first I have to import the expr. So from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import expr. That's all. And how do I want to convert it. We already learned two functions to do date type conversion and uh cast. Also we can use. But the problem with the cast is that cast does not accept a format. We cannot tell the format of what is the input string format. And here there are all weird kind of values. It's not standard for your four digits for year, two digits for month, and then two digits for date. So default format in spark is y y y y hyphen hyphen dd. So if everything is in that format I can use cast. But I know cast will fail because these are all weird kind of strings. I need to specify some format string to cover most of these values, right? So I cannot use cast. So what is left? We are left with two date, but we know that two date will throw an exception if it cannot convert any value to a valid date. We don't want that, I want that if you cannot convert a value to a valid date, at least give me a null. Do whatever you can do and for whichever record we cannot do the conversion, give me a null and I will check what are the null records, and then see if that can be converted using some other method or that cannot be converted. So for that we have one more function called try to date. So I am going to use try to date and pass the values here. Try to date is inside a string expression so I don't have to import it right. It is inside the string expr function will evaluate this and return a column object. Which column object will be added to the data frame with the name of valid date column, right? So it is responsibility of the expr function to make sure this is imported inside the expr. Right? All that is taken care of by the expr. So I don't have to import this. But uh let's fulfill the parameter. So what parameters? The first parameter is that. What is the string? String is date underscore str. What is the column name? Which column we want to transform? Date underscore str. And then second parameter is your date format. What is the format. We are providing the input. So look at this. Some places we have four digits some places for some places minus four digits. That is fine. Uh some places we have five digits negative five digits, three digits, two digits, four digits. So for here we have one or more digits which can be represented with single y. Single y represents one or more digits. When we say four ys four ys then we are saying four digits. Expect for digits for year. When we say single y, we are saying expect single digit for year or expect two digits, three digits, four five, one or more digits for year. Then we have hyphen in all the values. Then we have one or more digits for month. So I can tell that using m and then we have one or more digit for day right. Some places single digit some places double digit. So that's fine. This is the format which is most likely to fit all these values. So this will give me a new data frame with a field called valid dates. And in the DF we already have four fields y, m, d and date str. After adding valid dates we will have five fields. But for some reason I don't want all the unnecessary fields. So I want to drop three fields. I want to drop Why? Because these are not required in my target or the result data frame. What I want is what was the original string and what is the valid date. So we will drop three fields. First field name is why we want to drop that. And then we want to drop em. And we want to drop D three fields drop. And we get the new data frame as DF. And then I can display the DF dot display right. Let's try that and see how far we reached. So this is date field right. This indicates date. You can double check with this, uh, schema. It says valid date is a date field. So whatever values are shown here are valid dates as per proleptic Gregorian calendar. This is valid date. Validate. This is validate. Maybe BC this is validate maybe in future this is validate in BC this is also validate. So while converting it to date we had 193 spark automatically assumed that it is zero 193. Right 0193 99. It is assumed that double zero, double nine. This guy could not be converted to a valid date. Why? Because this value might not be valid date in the proleptic Gregorian calendar. What could be the reason? It says 29th February 1000. So maybe February was 28 days in the proleptic Gregorian calendar? Uh, for this year, right? 29 did not exist in the proleptic Gregorian calendar, and that's why spark couldn't convert it to a valid date and we got the null. So it's not valid date in the proleptic Gregorian calendar. We cannot do anything if this is an invalid date. It did not even exist. So how can we convert it to a valid date? So we have unknown date here null and which is pretty good. As per my requirement, we achieved it. Right. So the key to converting dates from a string is this formatting right. You can choose two date or try two date function. Give the string and focus on formatting. How best you can define that format will define how best you can achieve the conversion, and where to find all the details of the formatting. You can come to spark documentation and come to latest documentation programming guide SQL and in the SQL document spark SQL. Guide SQL reference. We have a link for date time pattern and this tells all the letters we can use for what. For example, small y is used for year. You can have four digit two digit years, right? D is for day of year, right? Which day? Out of 365 days in a year, right. Like that we have formats. And there is some explanation here about the count of pattern letters. Right. If we give one single letter, what does it mean? If we give two letters. What does it mean? Some details are given here. But we know that single digit is for one or more digits, right? We just learned that maybe few more things you can read and maybe you will get some more insights, but this is pretty much enough to know. The only thing is, you might have to memorize or refer what letters are used for representing which part of date and time. So that's all. Now we want to show some example for adding subtracting days and months to a date. So in any data engineering, maybe your first step would be to get a valid date which has a date data type. Once you have the data type date, you might have requirements where you may have to add some days to a date, add some months to a date, subtract some days to a date, subtract some months to a date. So how can you do all those things? So let's try some example. What I want to do here I want to create or replace my DF once again transforming my current data frame, Adding some more columns to show you how we can add subtract months and days. So let's do columns instead of single width column. We will be creating multiple columns. The first column what I want to create here is add five days. We will provide the logic here. What I want to do here is take this valid date in the data frame and add five days and create a new column which is five days plus from the valid date. Right. And we will learn how to add days to a date. Uh, similarly let's do subtract five days. How do we subtract? And for one more let's say add Five months. How do we add five months? Or maybe one more add or subtract? Right. Subtract five months. How can we do these kind of transformations? So for doing all these type of transformations we have some functions right. You can look for the list of date time functions in the documentation. But with the practice with the experience I remember. So let me import those functions that I will be using. So from Pi spark dot SQL dot functions import we have date underscore add function for adding date right. and date underscore sub function for subtracting date. We want to do these two things. So let's import date add and then date subtract. We want to add months. So we have add months function. Unfortunately we do not have subtract months function. But that's fine. We can do. So let's write the code here. What we want to do. Add five days. So simple date add and pass which column or column name we want to use here. And column name is valid date. What I want to add is days. How many days? Five days. That's all done right. This is done then subtract. So we have a function for Date not. Data date. Subtract. And this is also similar where we tell which column to use. Validate and subtract. How many days? So five days. Right. And here add five months. So we have add months. And which column or name we want to use. So valid date and months. How many months. Let's say five months. This is done. And we don't have a function for subtract. But that's fine I can use add months and add minus five months. Right. So that's a simple trick. We can use add months valid date and add minus five months. That's all. And it should do. And let's try displaying the DF here df dot display and let's run it. And uh 18 522 was converted into 1805 22. Adding five days is 23rd right. Subtracting five days is also 23rd. That's weird. So maybe subtract. Okay, I used date at again. I should be using date sub here. That's my mistake. Now let's run it again okay. Adding five days is 23 from 18. Subtracting five days is 13th. Adding five months is from 1850 to 18 10th right. It became 18th October. So five months were added to the month field only. Right? It is not like that. For adding five months we are adding 30 days multiplied by five. That's why add months is important. If you have to add three months or five months to a date, you don't know how many days are there in the current month, how many days are in the next month? How many days are in the following month like that? You cannot use date add for adding months. And that's why we have a separate function which adds the month and it behaves correctly like 18. Fifth is 18 10th if I add five months. Similarly, subtracting five months is also working perfectly fine. 18th of December 2021 is from 18th of May, 2022 if we subtract five months, it goes to 21, 20, 21. So all looks good. Similarly, you can check all that. But what is here? This is my input right. Valid date. So null. Add anything subtract anything. Do whatever you want to do. What kind of operation? Everything is going to be null. And we learned that in the earlier lectures. Null return null for any kind of expression or operation. So all looks good, right? Now let's learn a few more things. Like, uh, how can we get the current date? How can we find the difference between two dates? And how can we get a interval right from, uh, two dates between two dates? So let me create one more example. The way I created the earlier one. This time, again, we want to replace my DF with some transformations, and I will start with DF, and then I want to use with columns to add some new transformed columns. The first thing I want to add in my data frame is current date, so we know how to get current date in spark if we need. And then I want to add, uh, delta date days and add one more field called delta. The date interval. Right. And for doing that we will be needing some date functions. So let me import those functions from Pi spark dot SQL dot functions import. For finding current date, we have a function called current date. Write current date. Sorry. And for finding difference between two dates, we have a function called date diff and for finding difference in terms of interval. We do not need any function right. So we might need to write an expression. So I might be needing call or expr to write a expression correctly. So I import the call. Now let's start simple. How do we get the current date. Get the Or call the current date function. It doesn't take any argument. Simply we'll give current date from your system, right? It will give you a current date so we can add current date to our data frame, or use current date function in any expression. For example, if I want to find difference between current date and this date, valid date or birth date right. So I can use current date minus birth date field and I can build that kind of expressions. Do date diff and from date diff what I can pass column name or and column name and column name and start column name. So end column name. Uh I can use current date or I can use any of these. Right. Sub five days or add five days or let's use add five days here as my end column. So we know that there is a difference of five days. So add What is the column name here? AD underscore five underscore days. Underscore days. So that's my end date. And what is the start date I can use column or column name and uh which one. Uh valid date right. Valid date. So we want to again find out what is the difference between AD five days and valid date. And I expect five days of difference. And, uh, if we want to find the difference between two dates as an interval, as an interval data type, we can simply use a expression. For example I want to find date between current date. So let's use current date field. This current date field Minus, uh. Valid date. And this is where spark will get confused. This is your current date. Minus validate. Spark will think that. Okay, current date is a string. You want to subtract current date string minus valid date string. And strings cannot have a mathematical operation like subtract minus. Right. So. But this is not a string. We meant a column name current date column name. Right. So we have to explicitly tell that to spark using the call function. That's where call functions are useful. We tell that this is a column and this guy is also a column. Um, this and that's all. Now we can DF dot Display and see what we get as the result. So let's run it. And, uh, Delta date days, five days. Right. We know we added five days, and then we are trying to find difference between, uh, valid date and after adding five days. So result will be five. So this is also important date diff function is important because it gives you difference in terms of days right. Let's say after adding five months, if we were trying to find Delta or number of days after five months, uh, we can change it to months and uh, difference between valid date and months. We can run it again. And this guide tells on. 18th May 2022 and are 18th October 2022. The number of days is 153. Difference is 153 and this is based on the proleptic Gregorian calendar. So these are the real differences in terms of number of days based on the calendar, not just based on some arithmetic, like five into 30 or 5 into 31 days. Not like that. It is based on the calendar, the actual calendar for year 2022. These are the number of days in difference. So date diff is important for that reason. And if we simply want to find the interval. Subtract some date like current date minus valid date. We will get interval and interval in terms of days because we are simply subtracting the dates here. So we got these intervals like for first one there are 1296 days difference. There is no time component here right? So if we do not know what time on current date, minus what time on this valid date, we cannot have difference or interval in terms of hours, minutes and seconds. All we will have is number of days. So that's how the interval is coming. As interval 1296 day. This guy is minus this much right. So current date is like uh what it is. Current date is today's date minus valid date was BC right. And that's how the difference is coming. We will learn that negative years are BC before Christ. Right. So I don't know if, uh, that situation is going to arrive in your business or not, but that's how it works. So we learned how to find different kind of, uh, differences. And in terms of, uh, days or in terms of interval. Uh, now let's look at one last thing. How do we format the date? Right. So what does it mean? We know that when we display this data frame, all dates, all these date types. Right. This is date type. This is also date type. Delta is like number number of days. It is not date type because date needs a year and month and then day. So date diff returns number numeric value. And this guy is an interval data type. Interval day data type. But look at all these dates. These are displayed to us in default format, right? 2022 523. What if you have a requirement to display it differently? Maybe ddmmyy right. Or do not use these hyphens, simply say here then month name maybe May for zero five and 23 should be 23 digits. So we want to format date in a particular way as per our requirement. How can we do that. So for doing that we have a function called date format. Let's import that from Pi spark dot SQL dot functions import date Permit. Right. And again we want to create a or replace my data frame, uh with some transformation. And then DF dot. Let's add one more column with column and the column name. Let's call it date. Right. And uh what we want, we want an expression that returns a column. So date format we want to use date format function. This date format function takes the date column or name and format string and returns a column. So we don't need to wrap it around expr or call function. Right. So let's give the column name which column we want to use here. And let's say we want to use our original column valid date. And what format do I want. You decide based on your understanding about these date time patterns, you decide. Right. So my requirement was to you show first and then space. No. Forward slash. No. Hyphen. Nothing. And month name or three letter. Month. Name. Right. Jan. Feb. Like that. So that can be achieved with three amps and four digits for year. So four digit for year. This is what I want right. And uh now let's display this DF dot display. So let's display the result and see FMT date is shown. The way I want it right. 18th May 2022 31st December this. But this is the format date is not going to return a date data type. It is a string. Right. So remember when you format a date using date format in the earlier lecture we learn format number. When you format a number, the return is a string. It formats the date, creates a string in the desired format, whatever format you want, and gives it to you so you can use it for display purpose or for showing it to users or keeping it in the way you want. Right? So that's what it means. So remember that the formatting of date number or anything in a particular way always returns a string. And that's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.