Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn how to process different timestamps and time zone information in Apache Spark. We will learn what are the functions available to work with the timestamp values in spark. So let's start learning that. So here I am in my dev environment. Let's go to chapter six working with timestamps. And I'll be using this notebook to help you understand how to work with timestamps and some critical timestamp related concepts. Working with timestamp is mainly facilitated in spark through timestamp functions, right? You can go to the documentation and in the date time functions section. Here you will get list of functions available to work with date as well as timestamp. The list is combined here, and these timestamp functions allows you to manipulate or transform time or timestamp in different ways to fulfill your requirement, so I recommend that go through this list of functions at least once to keep that in your mind that you have some function so and so to meet your requirements. So when time comes you can use them. But there are few concepts related to the timestamp and working with time. So we want to learn that along the way. We also want to learn some of the timestamp functions and understand how to use them for data transformation work. So let's talk about the timestamp in spark. Timestamp in spark is internally stored as 12 byte integer, also known as INT 96. That's a very popular data type. But behind the scene, timestamp is stored in 12 byte integer value. That's about how it is physically stored. But logically timestamp is made up of seven fields year. Month. Day. Hour. Minute. Second. These are six essential fields. Without these six fields, timestamp doesn't mean anything, right? So if I say 1030 in the morning, 10:30 a.m., it doesn't mean anything without telling which date, right? Let's say 15th January 2025 10:30 a.m. tells something. So these are the six essential components of timestamp. To make some meaning of the timestamp. Second in spark can go up to six decimal places, which means you can represent time in microsecond precision. Right. So spark supports up to microsecond precision timestamps. The seventh component is time zone. So time zone is also very critical component of time right. Even if I say 10:30 a.m. 15th January 2025, it doesn't exactly tell me what do I mean? I'm talking about 10:30 a.m. in India or in US or in Canada, or in Australia and China, where right, 10:30 a.m. on a particular date is not same in all geographies. And that's why we have time zone across the globe. We have different time zone. So to precisely and exactly represent the time we need to have time zone also. And that becomes very critical. So that's the basic concept of the time stamp. Now let's learn a few transformations and learn some functions on the time stamp. So to learn few things we have some data frame here. We have a code here which will create three data frames. So let me run this and we can display r df one let's say df one dot display to see what do we have in the df one. So let's assume we have a data frame or a data set loaded in the data frame. And we have got one field there which represents time. But it is a string field which represents time in a string as a string. We loaded data from maybe some CSV file or from some JSON file. We received it from Source system and they sent us time in the string format. And this is the time. But we want to make this data ready for analysis. Fix the data types. Load it into the table. For that, we may have to convert this string into a valid timestamp data type which have all these seven logical components. Everything right? How can you do it? We already learned that in the previous lectures. We learned there are two approaches to do that. The first approach is to use cast. The second approach is to use some data type conversion functions like two timestamp. Right. So we can use two timestamp or cast to convert it. But cast has a limitation. Cast will assume that your input data is coming in the default format for Df1. We are lucky that this input data is this string. Time is actually in default format. This is how by default spark represents time. So year month date. Then a letter T to separate date and time components and then hour minute, second decimal and then some digits to represent fraction of seconds. It can go up to six decimal places. But this data is up to four decimal place. But everything is zero so doesn't matter much. So if we have data in the default format, we can transform it into date. And that's the requirement. Convert the df1 to a timestamp. Convert this field to a timestamp. So uh, let's do that. We can add one. Let us say. new field here with the valid time and then display that. But we simply want to learn how to convert it. So even doing a select and showing the converted time stamp uh will do the work. So let's do select expression. Let me do a select expression here and then display the result. And in the select we want to select string time first so that we have uh the original string value side by side. And then I can write expression to convert this string time to actual timestamp. And we learn we can use cast in this case because this comes in the default format even we can use two timestamp function timestamp function to do that conversion till the field name is string time. Optionally we can tell the format here which format it is coming, or since it is coming in default format, I can avoid that and run it and hope to get this converted successfully. I can use an alias here to give the field name as let's say. Valid time. Let's run it again. And we got this right. When spark converts your string to timestamp, it creates all these seven essential component, right? This is your year month date. T is just to separate date and time components are minute second then fraction of seconds and plus 0000 is time zone. And this zero plus zero represents UTC time zone. So spark has assumed that you are not telling me the time zone here, but I will assume that you are giving me this data in UTC time zone. So I add time zone as UTC time zone. That's the default behavior for spark. We will learn about time zones later, maybe in the following lecture, because time zone is one of the very critical piece. But in this lecture let us focus on how do we work with the time part or time stamp and how to deal with the time zone is the separate topic. We will cover it in the following lecture. So for now, let's us assume that when we are not giving time zone information, spark will assume that your time zone for this data is UTC. Y UTC. Because UTC is the default time zone set for my spark session, we will talk about that time zone later. So that's all we are done. I recommend that do not rely on this default format given here whenever you are using two timestamp. Uh, best practice is to always put the format here, and I use this value as a reference to specify my format. And this are for wise. And these are two months. Right. And these two digits for date sorry date. These two digits for R these two digits for a minute. These two digits for ss and these four digits are for fraction of second, which is represented by capital S. So I want to make sure that spark is not getting confused or spark is not using some different default. I assumed that default is this, but maybe default is different for my different spark version or different installation. So I want to tell that you will get the string input data in this format. Convert it to timestamp. So I am sure about it. That's the best practice and uh, unknown pattern T okay, this need to be given like this, and that makes it little complicated. it. Because single quote inside single quote is little difficult. So giving an expression here as string, I need to use lot of strings. So I am becoming little difficult. So let's use a call function here. Right. So and that's that's when I think that using string expressions is little difficult in some scenarios like this, where we have to represent lot of strings within the string, it becomes little confusing to use escape character and all that, but we have alternative approach. So I am going to use that. So from Pi spark dot SQL, dot functions import I'm going to use two timestamp function. Right. So import two underscore time is temp Tamp once imported. I don't need to use a string here to timestamp. And this guy could be a column name, and this could be a proper, um. Format. And, uh, this alias doesn't work this way. So after two timestamp, I will get a column object, and I can use alias like this and give alias as valid time. Let's try that. If that works, the only doubt is two timestamp. Does it take column name or it takes column object? Most of the functions take both. They take column name and column object both. So I'm assuming that two timestamp also takes column name, so let's try that didn't work. Column is not iterable. So that's because of. Select expr I'm using select expr which expects a string expression. But I'm not using a string expression. Here I'm using something a expression. So I need to go back to the select. So let's try that. And it works right. So select expr will assume that you are going to pass a string and pass everything internally into expr. That's not working. So we go back to the select. But we get the same result here. And it is recommended to use the format whenever you are converting your date or timestamp a string using the two. Timestamp. Now we have a requirement to do the same for df2. So what do we have in the Df2? Let's look Df2 dot. Let's display and look at the data. What do we have in the Df2 Df2. We have string time to different values, maybe in different format. The earlier it was in the default format. But now in this scenario we have a different format. So how do we do that. We can again use the same technique right. Let's say select expr and then display. And in the expr we want to select. A string time. And we want to use two time stamp to convert the string time and pass the format of the input data. And I'm going to use this as a reference point and say d. M m. Y y h we don't have t this time, so I'm not stuck into the string within a string scenario. Um. Hmm. Second and fraction of second. Let's try that. And we got this column maybe I can use as valid time here as alias. . And I've got it right. This is now valid type and it is timestamp type and represented by this. The point is, converting a string to timestamp is a kind of requirement that comes very often. And the key to do that is to learn how to specify the format. What is your input data format. Right. That's the key. Understand your input data format and how to specify that with the format specifier string. Right. If you know these two things, you will be able to convert your, uh, any string time stamp to a valid timestamp. We have one more scenario here a Df3. Let's see what do we have in the df3? Display and we have two records again, and this time we have a little more complex scenario. We have first record coming in ymd format, second record coming in Ddmmyy format. So I know my input format, right? I know my input format. I can specify the format specifier string also for both, but we have two, right? So how do we do that. Let's try again. Let's see how we can do that. So um again I am going to use select EXR and display the result. And in the select EXR we want to select a string time and next thing using two time. stamp and tell the input column is a string. Time and the format is specifier. I can specify only one format, either this or this. Let's assume I want to target this guy. It is a very simple data frame where I have only two records. But think of a data set where you have 1 million records, and maybe most of the records are represented in this format. And there are few guys in this format in a different format, right. Or you may have a third format that happens. You do not know where you are getting data, what format they are capturing it, how they are capturing it. So, um, you may have all that kind of requirement. So think of a scenario where you have date time stamp coming in multiple formats. How will you deal with it? And if you do not know how to deal with it, what will happen? How spark will behave? So let's assume that I am assuming that most of my records are coming in this format. So I am going to specify a format specifier using this value and I know it is here. Capital M right. And dd this is h m m. Second and fraction of second. And I try that spark will try this. It will be able to convert. Spark will try this and it won't be able to convert. It will realize that this is malformed. This record is malformed. It is not formed in this format and it will throw an error. Right. So if I run this, I'm sure of going to get an error text. This value could not be parsed at index zero. Use try timestamp blah blah blah. So it failed, right? And to handle that kind of scenario, spark gives another function which is known as try two timestamp. And this is very critical right. When you have a doubt that your all the data is not might be coming in this format and you want to convert your field to timestamp. Prefer using try timestamp. Try timestamp will not throw an error. This kind of. Instead, it will assume that that timestamp is unknown and give you null. So let's try that and see what happens. Uh, spark was I keep on forgetting to give uh, alias. Let's give that valid time. Right. So spark was able to convert this guy into a valid timestamp into the timestamp field because the input was in the given format. We told that you will get the input in this format, and spark got the input in this format, and it was successfully able to convert it to timestamp. But this guy spark tried this format on this guy and couldn't convert it. So try to timestamp took it as null. This is some gibberish unknown value. So I will not throw an error, but take the null. So you can get the null. At least you are not getting the error. And then if you want you. You can fix this also, right? This is coming null. Why it is coming null because this is in different format. So we can try different format. You can use Nvl here to pick up the nulls and specify a different format to this format to convert these. Also successfully. We have done that scenario in one of the previous lectures, so I hope you can do that. So that's all about working with timestamp right now. The next part is very critical. Part is to understand time zone component of the timestamp. Right. Because without time zone time information is incomplete or inaccurate. So we stop here and in the following lecture we will continue on the same notebook to learn about the time zone and understand how to deal with the time zone in your data engineering work. See you again! Keep learning and keep growing.