Welcome back. In the previous lecture we learned how to work with the time stamp. In this lecture, we want to extend that knowledge and also learn how to handle time zone information along with the time stamp. So let's start. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to Spark Programming chapter six working with Time stamps. This is the same notebook that I used in the previous lecture. And we learned how to work with the timestamp data type. In this lecture we want to focus on time zone information. Right. So conceptually we know that a timestamp without time zone information is incomplete information. When I say 10:30 a.m. 15th January 2025. I am not giving a complete information because. 10:30 a.m., 15th January 2025. Could be IST time, could be PST time. Could be Australia time. Could be Japan time. We don't know. Right? So we don't have complete information if we don't have, uh, time zone information, we don't know which time we are talking about. So conceptually, a timestamp without time zone information is incomplete. But we know in the data field data comes in different formats. Sometimes it is complete, sometimes it is incomplete, sometimes some information is hidden behind the scenes. We don't know it yet right. So you may encounter data which comes with the proper complete time zone information, a timestamp which represents everything correctly and it comes with the timestamp. You may encounter a situation where data is coming and time zone information is missing. To handle both types of scenarios, spark offers two data types for timestamp. The first one is known as timestamp. Timestamp data type always always contains time zone information. It is complete piece of information which contains date and time and the time zone information. There is another data type called timestamp and z. So no time zone right? That's another data type supported by spark which also represents a timestamp means a date, a time, hour, minute seconds, but without time zone information We accept the fact that we may have data where time zone information is not given, and maybe we know somehow that it is IST time or it is Australia time, or it is UK time, whatever. But in the database or in the data frame, we want to represent it as a timestamp where time zone is not known. Unknown. No time zone. Right. So we have a data type for that. Also we'll see scenarios how to deal with both types of data. But uh, few more things to learn for timestamp. For this data type, spark assumes session time zone as the default when time zone is not specified. So if you try to convert some string which doesn't have a time zone information, Mission, spark will assume that it is given in your spark session time zone, right? If you want to do a quick check, let's do, uh, maybe percent SQL. Do it quickly in SQL select. And let's say we want to convert to time stamp and uh give one string value. Let's assume that we are taking. This string right. We are taking this string. And we want to convert it to timestamp using the format. Uh, this format right. Using this format DD Mhm. Why are second and then fraction of seconds. This is the format. This is the value. There is no time zone given in this data. Right in this value and in the format. Also I'm not telling about any time zone, but if I convert it to two timestamp spark will suffix UTC time zone automatically. You can see right the it is converted to timestamp same date right? Same value ten, 3030, ten, 30, 30. But time zone is suffixed here and this zero zero represents UTC time zone. Why it is suffixed UTC time zone because my session time zone is UTC. How do I know what is my session time zone? You can find session time zone if you check the configuration value for this variable in spark SQL session time zone. How to check it? You can check it like this. Spark dot conf dot. Get and pass this variable here and you will get the session time zone and it is UTC E.t.c slash UTC is my session time zone. So that's why spark is uh suffixing session time zone here right UTC time zone. How do I change my session time zone. Can I change? Yes, you can change using the same method. Go to spark session dot conf and conf gives you access to all the configurations you can get or you can set. So I want to set set set what set this variable this configuration variable. And what value do I want to set I want to set it to I t and that's all. Run it and it is now ist. If you want to check you can check it again here. Let's check it. Do the get and it is ist. Now my session time stamp is ist. So if I now try to convert some value to a timestamp using two timestamp function and I don't give any time zone information, spark will assume that this time is what time? What time zone ist. Right, because that's my session. Time zone. Let's run this again. Earlier it was suffixing UTC because that was my session time zone. Now if I run it, it is suffixing 530 plus 530 which is my ist time zone value remains the same 1030 30 but now it says that this 1030 30 is ist time? And that's confusing. We should not be appending automatically something from session, which I do not know. So this is not the right way to process data. So we have a particular way to deal with this. And we will learn that with some scenarios. But before doing that let's set my time zone back to the default right. Don't leave it to IST. Set it to back to UTC and check it once it is again back to UTC. I will leave these two lines in the code here so you know how to get and how to set. Great. So now we know that spark automatically assumes session time zone to be the time zone. If time zone is not given in the time information which is bad, which is not good. And we also learned that spark gives us two data types. One is timestamp, which must contain the time zone information. If you don't give time zone information, spark will automatically assume that your session time zone is the time zone for this data type, right? But spark also gives us another data type called timestamp no time zone. So if you have data which is coming without time zone information, you can use this. If you have data which is coming with time zone information you can use this. Now let's try to understand with a scenario. So here is the scenario. Uh I have one data file. It's a CSV file machine events notes dot csv. We want to load this data and show it right. So let's load it. But for loading data, we need to know what is the schema. We need to define a schema. And then where is the file location. Right. So let me show you the data file. Let's go to catalog. And that data file is in my volume. Go to my dev database spark DB data sets spark programming data and machine events. Noticed dot csv. This is the file I'm talking. This file contains three fields and first field is some component ID. Second field is event time up to here third field is reading. This seems like a sensor data and we have event time here, which is why we are minute second fraction of second and there is no time zone information given. How do I deal with this data? That's what we want to learn. But before that, let's load it into a data frame. So I need to define a schema for loading this correctly. So let's define a schema. Let's call it event entity. Z schema right. And define the schema here component. Let's read it as a string. Then event time. We know it is time without time zone. But let's read it as a string. Reading we know it is uh, some number, but I can also read it as string. And later we will see how to transform it. Can we convert it to number or leave it as string? Now let's create a data frame. We call it event and ZDF. Right. And I will create a data frame right code here to read data and how to read data is spark dot read dot format and format is. Right. Do I need to specify some option? Yes I have a header there. So I need to skip the header. So let's call header is true. Any other option I don't think so. But I need to tell the schema and schema is event nt z schema right. And then load and load from where I can copy path from here and paste it here. And this is the location. Load the data. And then once loaded I can display this data frame. All done. Let's run it. And now I have data frame. All fields are string, right? This is also a string. We loaded the data, but this is a string, right? This is string. I want this to represent a time and I can convert it to timestamp right. But two timestamp will convert it to which data type, timestamp data type and timestamp data type must contain time zone information. But I have data which does not contain any time zone information. If I try to convert it to timestamp it, spark will assume that this time is UTC time UTC, because my session time is zone is UTC, which is not correct. This could be IST time. It could be Australian time. This sensor might be placed somewhere in Japan. It may be a Japanese time, I don't know. Time zone information is missing, so I cannot load it to timestamp because loading it to timestamp will automatically add UTC timestamp which will be incorrect representation or incorrect data. Or it is literally corrupting my data making these values invalid. So what should I do? I can load it into this data type timestamp. No time zone right? So let's do the transformation right. We have a requirement. Pass the event time to timestamp and z value because that's the most suitable data type for this. So how do we do that. Let's create a. New data frame. Let's call it, uh, what we call this event antes de f. Uh, actually, now let's call it event are. Valid antes z. Right. Event valid. Antes DF and I will do some transformation. And for doing that I want to start with event antes DF and want to add one column we use with column and this column field. Earlier it was event time. So let's add new field called event time and the Z Set are. Valid NT, Z, whatever. And then I can use some function to convert a string into timestamp nt z. For converting a string into timestamp, we have a function called two timestamp. For converting a string into timestamp nt z, we have a function called two timestamp nt z. So let's import that. From by from. From pi spark dot SQL dot functions import to timestamp nt z. This is the function we want to use and it is similar to two timestamp two timestamp entries. We pass two arguments. The first argument is the field name which field we want to convert, event time. Write event time, and what is the format? We specify the format and format. We know this is my value, so take one such value and use it as a guide to define the format. DD m m y y y y h. Minute second and fraction of seconds. Right. Did it work? Hopefully. Let's, uh. Um. Display this. If. Everything works, we should get. Okay, we got an error. A column variable or function parameter with name. This cannot be resolved. So let's go to spark documentation and look at the document for this function. Maybe it is not exactly same to two timestamp. So let's go to Apache Spark and try to understand where we are going wrong. API reference functions and date and timestamp. And I'm looking for two timestamp and TZ2 Two timestamp entries, which takes timestamp and format. Timestamp. Column or column name. Input column or string. So this could go as a string right. And then format should be a column or column. Name cannot be a simple string. I don't know why there is a difference, but uh, I can convert a string into a column using lit. So let's wrap it around lit. And now this fulfills the requirement that format should be a column or column name. There is no column name with Dmem. Why? So I convert it to a column using lit. Let's try that. And it worked, right? So this is little weird. I was expecting typical case two timestamp entries should have same parameter types as two timestamp, but that's fine. We have a workaround and this is my original event time. And this is event time valid. Entered the field that I created. Look at the data type. Data type is timestamp and t z. You can get it here also event time valid and t z is timestamp entries data type. And it doesn't contain any time zone information. Right. So now I can load this data into a table with a field where the data type is timestamp and t z. At least we will know that this is a timestamp where time zone information is missing or not known. So use this carefully to do your analysis right. Uh, but that's not a very good thing to do. So I may have to fix this. I may have to actually figure out what was the time zone. Actually, when we got this file. When we got this file, we got this event time in the file. There was no time zone, but there should be some time zone, right? This file, this events must be captured by somebody somewhere by some system. They should be knowing which time zone this represents. Whoever owns this data, whoever is the creator of the data should know the time zone. Right. So if I can ask them and figure out what time zone was for this event. Time. I can convert this to a valid timestamp, right? Because no time zone is lack of information. It is not a good thing. So what we can do, we can go back to the source system where we got this data and try to figure out or ask or know what time zone it is. The file does not contain time zone information, but do we have some time zone? Do we know what actually this time zone this time represent? Is it este or Japanese or Australian time or UK time or US time or what it is? So let's assume that team knows. And they said this file was captured with este time right. So whatever six 1410 is six 1410 IST. We are not saying ist in the file, but you can assume it is IST. So now I have the information right? So what we can do, we can convert it to ist. Convert this entity to valid real time zone. So that's the next requirement. Event time. Entry field is there. This field is there. Convert it to valid timestamp value. Assume the event time entered was IST time. How can we do that? So let's do one more uh transformation next level starting on this. Right. So this time we want to create one new data frame called events DF. This guy will be the final one. Right? This valid or this entity all that is done. This is my final events DF and I want to create it from the event. Valid entities DF and do with column transformation and add one field event time. With T zone or time zone or with t z. And how do I do that? How do I. Do that? Which column should I process? This column I cannot process because this is a string write event. Time is a string. So to process using this column, first I have to convert it to some valid data type like timestamp or timestamp stamp and I cannot convert it to timestamp because then spark will assume that it is UTC. Second option is convert it to timestamp entries, which I have already done here. Timestamp entries. Now it is valid timestamp without time zone. Now all I have to do is to convert this time zone to correct timestamp, right? So basically if you got data like a string time zone, first step will be to convert it to event time. Valid entries. And once you have a valid timestamp entries, you can use one more function which is convert time zone to fix the time zone problem or to add the time zone correctly. Let me import that function first and then I'll explain. So from pi spark dot SQL functions import convert time zone. This is the magical function. What it will do it will convert the time zone. So first parameter is source time zone. What is my source time zone. I know my source was ist. It is not suffixed in the field but it was ist. So I give source time zone as ist. Right? What is my target time zone? The second one is target time zone because this is convert time zone. Source to target target time zone. Which time zone? I want to convert it. I want to convert it in my session time zone, right? Or UTC? Ideally, the best practice is to, when you bring data into your system, represent all the time in UTC, right? Normalize all the time in UTC. You might capture data in IST or from Australia, from Japan, from US, from China, from wherever. You can capture data in their local time zone. But when you bring it into a centralized data engineering or your data lake, convert all the time stamped to one standard time zone. And best case is UTC. So maybe I want to convert it to UTC, right UTC. Or if you want, you can get your session time zone value from your configuration from this spark SQL session time zone. And you can get into a variable and use that to convert into your local time zone. Most likely it will be UTC. So that's the second parameter and third parameter. What is your field which you want to convert. That field is this guy right. Event time valid nt z z. So let me copy that. And easy. That's all. That's what we wanted to do. And create events DF and then finally display events DF to see what we achieved. Oops. Okay. Again these convert time zone is not expecting literals here. So let us go and look at the definition of the convert time zone where it is convert time zone. What is the source? It should be column. That's weird, but that's fine. We can import lit and convert this literal to a column using lit. And I think this applies to this guy also. Right. Convert it to lit and try it again. Works. Right. So now I have event time with time zone. So six, 14, ten was ist time. Here it is represented as six, 1410 without time zone. But we know this is my ist time. Now I converted this ist to UTC, right? And uh, the UTC time corresponding to this six 1410 is zero 4410, right? If this is IST and if you use time zone converter or time converter tool, you will get this value. So six 1410 is in UTC zero 4410 six 1425 is zero 4425 six, 1435 is zero 4435. So we converted it from no time zone to UTC time zone. Right. And uh, this is still timestamp without time zone, but we actually wanted it to become Come time stamp. We wanted to get rid of entries. Data type. It is still entries data type right. So convert time zone does half of the work. It still returns integer data time right? How do I convert it to the actual timestamp. So I can use two timestamp two timestamp on top of this guy. Right. And uh, run it again. And now I got it as timestamp. So 22 517 six 1410 is now UTC and uh zero 4410 right. Six 1425 is now UTC zero. 4425 so I finally managed to convert it to the correct time, right? If I use this as UTC time, then that's not correct. The correct UTC time is this. And that's how I got it to UTC. So to avoid any other problem, ideally what we should be doing we should be. Using this to get my time zone local time zone or my session time zone here let's say s is session time zone equal to this. Right. And instead of hard coding UTC we should be using StG here. Right. So we convert it from IST to session time zone. And then two timestamp will convert it or suffix the session time zone here and we will get the time stamp perfectly correct. So this is the practice we should be following. And that's how we transform a timestamp which has missing time zone. But we know it is ist or it is GMT or it is whatever it is. Right? No. How do we transform it correctly to a valid timestamp? Hope that was interesting. Now let's look at one more scenario which, uh, says load this file. Right. Machine events with time zone. So let's look at this file. What do we have in this file machine events with time zone. It is again a sensor data file. We have three fields component event time and reading component ID, event time and the reading. But this time this file comes with the time zone information, right? It says six 1410 in UTC six 1425. Is IST six 1435? This record is maybe plus GMT plus one, right? So this is another scenario where you got a data file where time string comes with complete information. It comes with time zone information. If that is the case you do not have much problem. It is super super simple to handle this, simply convert it to timestamp. So how do we load this data? I'll copy paste the Code. Here it is. Super simple. Um, kind of repeating what we did earlier. So we are creating a schema. This time we are saying event t z schema, and we are reading data from CSV header to using this schema. And this is the data file and creating events t z df. Have we created earlier events t z df. No. So that's fine. Now display it. And we have this field. We have a requirement to transform this string to valid timestamp and load it into a table. So how can you do that. You can do it simply. You don't have to do uh, any brainer here. Simply use two timestamp and, uh, we have the time zone information. Right? So let's create a data frame. Let's called event. Data. And we want to create this data frame. From events sorry events t z and I can do with column with column and create a field called event time. Let's call it T z and transform it using two timestamp. Super simple right. Uh I must import two timestamp Stem from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import to time stamp and pass the field name here. What is the field name here? Event. Event time t z str. Right. That's the field name. So use this field. And what is the format? Format. Let's pick up one value. And use it to define the format I know this is DD this is M.M.. This will be Y ss h h. M ss and three s and this value is c. Z stands for time zone. And once I create it, I can display it. Let's try. It worked. So we have this field right. Uh, this was UTC. So six 1410 is now six, 14, ten in UTC, right? Because UTC to UTC time remains the same and this was six 1425. In IST is now converted into UTC. Zero. 4425 in UTC and time zone is saying UTC. Why this all is UTC? Because my session time zone is UTC. So two timestamp is assuming that the final result should be in UTC. You have given the timestamp so it will convert right? If time zone was not there, it will not do any conversion. Simply assume that this was UTC right, but time zone information is given, so two timestamp is converting it. This was plus one six 1435 was GMT plus one. It is now converted into from 6 to 5 1435 in UTC. So that's all. That's how you process uh uh Our data which comes with time zone. Super simple, super easy. But if your data comes without time zone, you need to be a little careful. And there are multiple steps before you arrive at the correct information with time zone. We learned how to go about it. It's like first you convert it to Z field and then from Z field you convert the time zone. Knowing what was the original time zone to your session time zone, it will still remain at Z. And then convert it to timestamp so that it can represent it correctly with your session time zone information. And then your data is complete. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.