Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn how to deal with the complex data types. Spark offers three data types to handle complex data types, for example. Struct type, array type, and map type. So in this lecture we will learn when to use them how to use them. So let's start. So here I am in my dev environment. Let's go to chapter six working with complex data types. This is the notebook that I am going to use to help you learn. How do we work with the complex data types? Let's look at the first requirement. Read data from students offline CSV file and load into offline students raw table. Simple requirement. You have a dataset called uh offline students. you need to load that data from a file and save it into a table. We call it raw table. You already learned for loading data from a file, we need to know two things. One what is the schema of the data? Two where is the data file. So data file is in catalog. Let's go look at the location as well as the data file. So we understand what is the schema of the data. So we go to our dev catalog spark database volumes datasets spark programming data and students offline dot csv. This is the file we are trying to load. And if we look at the file first line is header. We have ID, first name, last name, address, skills and contacts. These are the fields how they are designed. ID here, first name here, last name here. And then we have a string to represent address up to here. Then we have one more string to represent skills. Right. And finally okay, it's not only this but up to here we have skills and then we have contacts. So all the fields are there. But look at the field. These are plain values up to last name and address skills and contacts are given as string here if you look at the address are given as string. But these are Strings, right? This, these looks like a string representation of a JSON object. Similarly, these are also up to here. Skills are also string representation of JSON, but it is a CSV file. So we have to load it with the CSV loader or the CSV connector for spark. So now we know these things at least the fields. So let's prepare to read this data and load it to a table for reading data. I need to define the schema. So let's say offline. Students schema. And it is going to be a string. Let's read ID as a string. Ring, then first name also. I want to read it as a string last name. Also I want to read it as string address. I want to read it as string, since all these are coming in the CSV file and they are kind of JSON strings. So first step, let's read it as string and then we will see how to use them or how to transform them at a later stage. So that's all. That's my schema. And now let's prepare to read. So offline is students let's call it raw DF. And I'm willing to define the code here. And how to read is spark. Um. Not giving me, um, lookups. So let's run it. So the server is started at least, and I start getting lookups. So yes. So spark dot. Dot format. And uh, we know it is a CSV file comma separated values. So I want to use CSV format. And then comes the option. So do we need to provide some option. We can provide header because there is a header row and we want to skip that. So header equal to true. Any other option. Let's quickly look at the data. And you will realize that these guys. These guys are coated with double quotes, right? Because there are other commas inside. If you look at this address line this is the address then comma. Then again address line two. This is the address then comma. Since there is comma in between and it is CSV file. Comma stands for column separator. But the data preparation or the data file. Whoever has created wanted to represent this entire thing as a single string. So what they did, they added a double quote around this entire field. So that information is something we have to tell to our CSV connector. So we tell one more option. And that option is known as quote. Right. So what is the quote character? Quote character is? Double quotes. But, uh, one double quote inside two double quotes is difficult to define. So what we do, we use a escape character and then specify the double quote. This this escape will cancel the actual meaning of this double quote and just use it as a letter. Right. So our quote is double quote. Any other option. Let's look at the data based on what data we have. We have to specify options so that the connector can easily and successfully read the data. Right. Connector should know how data is represented so it can read successfully. So this double quote we specified using the code. Now if you look at these fields address line one one double quote is fine. Right. One double quote tells that this is a field name. Right. One double quote here tells this is a field value. But what is this extra double quotes doing here right. Ideally this should be your escape character. So escape should be this character. Ideally it should be used with this character as a escape. But in this file they have used double quote itself as the escape character. So this double quote is used as an escape character. So we have to tell that option also. Right. So we tell that option to our connector. What is the escape character. And we tell that escape character is also double quote. Any other option? I don't think so. So now we can tell schema what is the schema we are going to use offline. Student's schema. And then simply load it right. What is the path? I can copy it from here. So paste it here. And that's all. This will give me a data frame from that file. Now let's display that. First we have a requirement to save it into a table called offline student's raw table. But before I try to save it, let me look at the data frame and see if I have successfully loaded it and data looks correct and then I will write code to save it. So here is my output ID first name, last name, address, skills and contacts. Everything is looking in place, right? What is the data type? Everything is string because I defined a schema to read everything as a string. So looks like fine. So now I am ready to write it to a table. That's my requirement. So let's comment this and write code to. Offline students raw df dot right dot. Mod and I want to write it as. Overwrite mod Dot save as table and give the table name dev dot spark underscore db dot. What is the table name? The requirement says save it as offline student's raw table. Let's write it. So table is written. I'm hoping that data will be there. I'm not going to query it, but you can do a select star from this table to check if data is successfully saved in the table. But let's move on to the next requirement. Suppose you loaded data into your data lake created a table. Now the team in your analytics team. Your analysis team is supposed to use that table for doing the data analysis work. So now let's assume that they have a very simple, super simple analysis requirement. We want to know country wise student count. What does it mean. How many students are there in each country. Right. How can they know. So let's try to look at the table how they will do the analysis. Our job as a data engineer is to prepare data or prepare data sets, tables, which are very useful for the analysis teams for doing analysis, finding insights, doing machine learning, doing AI work, doing reporting, whatever. Right. So our job as a data engineer is to prepare data according to our analysis team's requirement, right. So we prepare data assuming that this data will be useful for them. But let's look how difficult it could be for them to do the analysis right. And it's a very simple analysis. We want to know country wise student count so they can use this table which we just created. Look at the table data. This is the table data. These are the fields. And what do we want. We want to know country wise student count. So if I have to find country wise student count what I can do I can do select country. Comma count star right from this table. And then group by country. If it was a super simple table where I had a field representing country, I could find this answer using this kind of super simple SQL, but we don't have a country field here. We have ID, first name, last name and address, and inside the address address is a long JSON string. Inside the address we have country right for this guy. Country is India for this guy, country is England for this guy countries Northern Ireland. So we have country information in the table. But it's hidden inside the address like we can see here. So it is very difficult for our analysis team to do these simple kind of analysis work. How can they do it. They can still do it. But what kind of SQL they will have to write. So what they have to do, they have to read this address. Right. So this this query, we cannot do it like this. First thing is to read the address right. Read this address. And this address is a JSON string. We are saving a complex data type, a JSON data type as a string. So they have to parse this JSON string first, right? So for parsing the JSON string they have, they can use. There is a function called from JSON in spark. So what they can do, they can parse it using the from JSON and get the individual fields right. But for successfully parsing the JSON, we have to provide the JSON schema right from JSON expects. Okay, which field we need to pass and what is the schema of the JSON. So we have to define the schema. Also, let's assume that I want to define a schema in this. String. So we have to define the schema. And if you look at this let's copy this guy itself and use it to define the schema. Right. So we have a field called address line one. Right. And it is a string. Then we have a field called address line two. This is also a string. Then we have a field called city. And this is also a string. Then we have a field called country. This is also a string. Then we have a field called pin. This is also a string. Then we have a city called state and this is also a string. That's how we can define a schema. Defining a schema for this record or for any JSON record is super simple, but they have to define a schema and let's say get this as address. Now if I query what I will get. I will get address. Let's let's for for simplicity let's take ID also because I don't know which ID what address. So we got ID and address. So we passed the address to a JSON object earlier. This address field was a string, right? If you again go back and look for the select star from this. From this table. Address was a string type, right? Now, after parsing the JSON value in the address using the from JSON address is a struct. It is a struct of this type. If I expand it, I can see it is an object with these many fields, right? Address. Line one is coming as null. I think I missed the line one here. That's why it was coming as Lun null. Hmm. Now we have address line one also. So now it is an object with this kind of fields. So it is a struct. The important point is that it is a struct. And spark gives us three complex data types to handle these kind of situations. One is struct, the second data type is array and third data type is map. We will learn about all these three data types, but simple record is considered as struct. You can even while defining the schema you can say struct and. Wrap it around these angles to tell that it is a struct of these fields. And this also works. Nothing changes, right? Address is still a struct. So now that we have got a proper address field with country as a separate field inside the address, we can do that kind of query that we wanted to do. Right. So let me remove this guy from here. What our analysis team can do that they can use this as a subquery or use with of line students. And let's assume this is the subquery. We wrap it inside. And here I can write. Select star from offline students. This becomes an inline view kind of thing right. And I get this. Now what we wanted we wanted to select country right? So how can I access country address is a struct and inside address we have country. So I can simply access country as uh, uh address and uh country country and count star and then group by group by what address. Dot country. Right. And if I run this query. I will get India three students. Uh, maybe I can give it an alias as count. Right. Three students from India, one from England, one from Northern Ireland. And my analysis team can do the analysis. A simple analysis we want to know country wise student count, but they are forced to write complex queries like this, right? They every time they want to do some analysis on this table, they are forced to specify a schema and then parse the complex JSON string using from JSON, parse it into a object, a struct object, and then try to answer their question. There is not much problem in that, but there is one big performance problem, because every time they want to query this table and access anything from the JSON string fields, they have to parse it using the from JSON and from JSON takes time. It will take the string, try to parse it using the given schema, and then give you the parsed address object a struct object. Think of a table where you have million records. Each record is going through some from JSON parsing. It's going to take a lot of time. So one approach to handle complex data, something like JSON data, is to save it or store it in your table as a string. And at the time of query or at the time of analysis, parse it from string to a complex data type. For example, struct type or into a array type or into a map type. Three types of complex data types are given by spark. There is no harm in that, but we have a performance problem, a potential performance problem for large tables. So this is not a very good approach. So what we can do as a data engineer we should not be loading data, a complex data like JSON strings as a string in our table for the first time. It is fine. We can create a raw table to load a string into that table, but we should parse it once for all and create a final table, right? So that's my requirement here. Prepare an offline student's table which is ready for analysis. So what we want to do we want to take this data frame. This data frame that contains string address string is skills string and contacts string. Parse it using the from JSON once, then save it into a new table called offline students, not the offline students raw, so that when my analysis team wants to query it, they don't have to parse it again and again, again and again. And that will give a performance boost to my analysis queries. So that's the requirement here. Now let's try to do that. How can we do that? For doing that we have to define a schema for all the fields that are JSON strings. In our example address is a JSON string, skills is a JSON string, contacts is a JSON string. So we have to define a schema for them and then use the from JSON. Again like we used in this query. Parse it and after parsing we can save it into the table. So let's define the schema. First is address schema right and address schema we have already defined here. So let me copy this guy. Um put it in the double quotes maybe. Bring it into a single line because easy to. Read. So that's my address schema. And we learned how to define first type of complex data type in spark. How to define a schema using the struct complex data type in spark. Spark offers us three complex data types. Let me list down here. One is a struct, two is array and third one is map. We have examples for all three. To learn how to use them. So this is your plain struct right. The second field is skills. Skills. And we need to define a schema for skills also. We will define it here. But let's look at the skills field. Do we have it here. No. So let's select it. Select star from dev dot spark db dot offline students. Raw table right. Let's look at how skills JSON is defined. So here is the skills JSON. Let me copy this guy and bring it here for easy reference. So what it is these angle brackets tell that this is an array. And there are two elements. This is the first element and this is the second element. So it is an array of two elements. These elements are not plain string. These elements are skill. This years of experience this. So these these elements are of complex type right. So it is an array of struct. Right. If you look at the address address is of same type. If you look at the address address is address was like field name value field Fieldname value, Fieldname value Fieldname value Fieldname value Fieldname value all wrapped into angle brackets. So this is how JSON represents a object, and in spark these objects can be defined using struct. So what is my skills? Skills is an array of struct. So I can define the schema accordingly. It is array. And inside these angle brackets I will define the element. If it was simple string I could say array of string. If it was. If these elements was numbers, I could say array of long or array of integer. But it is array of struct. So I have to say array of struct. And inside these angle brackets I will define the structure of struct. So what is the structure of struct structure is. There are two fields skills and and the value of skills is of string type. Then we have this field. Years of experience. And this is also string type. It is number. But in the JSON it is wrapped inside two double quotes. So it is represented as a string. And I think that's all that's all about my skills schema I defined skills schema and we learned array type. The second complex type array. We also learn the struct type. So array struct. Now we have one more complex field here. And that guy is contacts. So let's define Contacts. Schema. Contacts. Schema. What is the contacts schema? Let's copy one field here and see what it is. This also looks like a struct. Right field name value. Field name value wrapped around curly braces. Right. But let's look at the second value. Second record here. Second record is only one field and value. First record one field two field two fields and value. Second record is single field and value. Let's look at the third or fourth records. Right. Fourth record says email value. Office value. There is no consistency in the field. Names, right? Email. Phone On only phone, email and office. Look at this somewhere else saying. Phone and WhatsApp. So there is no consistency in the field names. So it can't be struct. The struct should have consistent structure right? Like address was a struct. You look at all the addresses everywhere. You will see address. Line one address line one, address line one. Then address. Line two. Address. Line two. Address. Line two city country pin state. Everything is there in every record. It might be that something is missing in some record, or something is null in some record, but the fields are consistent. So if the fields are consistent, we can model it using struct. But when fields are not consistent then we cannot model it using a struct. What can we use? And that's where the third type of complex type map comes in. Map is a key value pair. So what we can say key value key value key value key value key value. And the name of the key. We don't know whatever is there in the data we consider it as a key. So here the key is email value is the email address. Key is phone value is the email address. So we can define it as a map and structure of map two strings string and string. Right key and value string type key and string type value. That's all we expect. So this guy becomes one element. This guy becomes another element for the first element Key value. The second element key value. And how do we define a string? A string. We don't define the field name for map because field names are not consistent. Right field names are changing. We want to take the field name as the key and the value as value. So for map we don't need to define. In fact, we should not be defining the field name. We just tell okay this is the data type. This is the data type. And map is always always consider first thing as a key, second thing as a value. So that's all we defined a schema for all three guys. Now it's very simple. Uh we wanted to let's delete this cell. We don't need this. Now, what we wanted to do prepare an offline students table. So we loaded data into this data frame. Right in this data frame, we want to transform that data frame M into a new data frame, which we can use to create the desired table. So let's call new data frame as uh, offline. Students. Earlier we created raw df. Now we want to transform the raw DF and create offline students DF and what is the transformation? We want to transform the address field, skills field and contacts field all three fields we want to transform. So we can use with columns right. Three fields we want to transform. So with columns the first field we want to transform is address. I will tell the logic here. Then the second field we want to transform his skills. Right. Tell the logic here. And third field we want to transform is contacts. Right. How to transform the first field we have to use from JSON. Right. We have to use this function from JSON. So before doing anything let's import from JSON. So from Pi spark dot SQL, dot functions import from JSON and from JSON as we know takes the field name. So we want to parse the address using the address schema. That's all done Similarly from JSON. Parse the skills and using the. Skills schema and from JSON parse the contacts. Using the contacts schema. That's all. And once that is done, I want to display this guy. So now if you look at the address it is struct and skills is an array and contacts is a map. So we are now ready to write it to the table. Let's copy code from here and I'll modify it. Offline. Students DF dot write mode override. Save as table. Offline. Students. And before writing, if you wanted to look at the schema, these things are string. And now you can see that address is a struct with these fields. Skills is a array with the element struct two fields and contact is a map key equal to string value is a string. And this is what we wanted to do. Write a table offline. Students with a complex data type so that our analytics team can simply write Right, simple, easy to use queries for doing the analysis. So, to help you understand how you can query complex data types from a table. I have given three scenarios here three requirements. These are analytics requirement and we will try to solve them using the SQL. So we understand how to work with the complex data types. So what is country wise student count. We want to analyze this table and answer these queries using SQL. So select star from this table. So we have these tables. But the question is what is country wise student count. And it is super simple question. We can answer it using group by country and count. So let's do group by country and count. So country is inside the address. So address dot country and count star as count. And here we can do group by address dot country. And that's the benefit of complex data type over the string data type write. Your analytics team can directly use this. They don't have to parse the address again and again for each query. And these queries will perform better. Similarly, let's do one more example. Find all students with more than one years of spark knowledge. Right? So we want to solve this also using SQL. So let's write SQL select star from this table. And we want to find the students with more than one years of spark knowledge. Knowledge is in the skills we know skill. Apache spark years of experience five. So we need these two fields, right? Experience is more than one years and skill contains spark right? That's what we want to search. So let's, uh, list down what all the fields we need. We need ID, we need first name, and we need last name. Then we need skills. But skills is a array. We know there are multiple skills. This guy has got two skills Apache Spark and Apache Kafka. So skills is an array. What we want. We want to explode that, right? Explode the skills and let's say. Let's call it skills. Skills once again. Now we have a data set which we can use. Right. We have ID 101 for this guy. We had two skills so we got two records here. The first one is Apache Spark. The second one is Apache Kafka. For this guy also we had two skills, so we got two records right now what is left after exploding this skills. All we need to do is to apply the filter conditions. Right? So maybe I have to use some or create an inline view. Let's call of line. Students skills. And this is my view, which gives me all the skills. And from this view we can select star from this guy. Or let's keep it like this. Where what is the condition? This skills. Right. This is skills. Skills dot skill right. Skill like percent spark percent contains spark. And this skills. This skills dot Years of experience. Years of. Experience is greater than one. Right. Let's try this. And we got three records. Uh, maybe I want ID first name, last name, and, uh, skills. Dot skill. And skills. Years of experience. I might need it like this instead of these things in the field. Right. So we got two fields. Clear cut. Uh, this is also achievable using skills, something like that. And that also gives all the fields separated, right? I don't have to specify all the columns. So that's how you can work with the complex types. If it is an array. As a data engineer, we manage to create a table which has a pre parsed JSON object. Right. One more find all students who didn't provide phone or WhatsApp. So let's try that. Select star from which table we are doing it from this table. Right. From this table. And uh, question is about phone or WhatsApp. All students who didn't provide phone or WhatsApp. So that is here in the contact. We have email and phone. So this guy provided phone but didn't provide WhatsApp. So that's fine. This guy should be in the result. Maybe this guy provided only email, didn't provide phone or WhatsApp. So this is a map type right? So how do we work with the map type. So select ID and then first name then last name. What else we want. We want to see the contacts. And it's a key value pair. So tell the key name. Let's say I want to see the email. But the magic or the requirement is fulfilled from the where clause where contacts of phone right phone. Contacts of phone is null and contacts of WhatsApp is also null, right? So contacts of app. Is null. So how many guys are like this? Two. We know their emails, but we don't have their WhatsApp or phone number. Nothing. So that's how we access the map key value pair to access the array. We first need to explore that array. And then we can access the individual elements from the array. Once it is exploded, it becomes a struct. So we can access them like skills dot star or skills dot the field name. And for accessing the Struct we can use dot notation. Right. And that is all for this lecture. In this lecture we learned that we should not be keeping JSON or complex values as a string. Because if we do that, that is an option. But if we do that, then we have to parse those strings every time we want to query that table. And that is a performance overhead for your tables. So ideally we have an option to parse it once for all. Keep it as a complex data type either struct or array or map wherever whatever fits. Design the data model accordingly and prepare our tables for easy and fast analysis. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.