Welcome back. In the previous lecture we learned how to work with the complex data types. This lecture is extension to the same. In this lecture we will learn when you get a JSON data set JSON file. How do you deal with it? Using the complex data type, obviously, but working with a complete JSON file requires a little different kind of approach. So let's learn that. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to chapter six working with JSON data. So this is the notebook I'll be using to help you learn how to work with the JSON data files. So let's start with the requirement. We have a very simple requirement. Read data from students online JSON file and load into online students table. So before we try to read and load data from this file, let's quickly look at the data files so we understand what is there in the data file and how data file is structured. So let's go to spark DB volumes data set then. Here is the file students online JSON file. So this is a complete JSON file right. We can see that there is uh one record here starting from here to here. And then next record, then third record. So this is a pure JSON file where records are available in JSON format. How do we load this data file. We have two options one read it as a text file And load each record as a string, single column and one value for the column, which is your JSON string. Then next row single column one value called JSON string. So first option is to read it as a text file where we have entire JSON string loaded as a single field. And then we can use from JSON to parse this JSON and extract different columns the id, first name, last name, address, etc. as a appropriate data type, ID could go as a string first name, last name. These things can be converted to string fields. Address is a complex data type, so this can be converted into a struct skills is an array, so this can be converted into a complex data type. Array type. Similarly contacts looks like a key value pair, so this can be converted into a map. That's first approach. But we also have a JSON connector for spark which internally does all the things right. It internally reads the JSON string and converts it into a complex data type, or converts all the fields into appropriate data type. So that's the second approach. So if you have a JSON file which contains complete JSON record, it's not mixing with some fields. And then other fields are of JSON string type. Then we can directly use the JSON connector and it will do Everything in the single step JSON connector will read these files and load it as an appropriate data type, so we don't have to manually parse the JSON string using the from JSON. So we are going to take that approach. And that's the preferred approach for JSON file. So we are going to load this file using the JSON connector. But for loading this file we need to tell the schema for each JSON record. So let's define the schema. Let's call it online. Students a schema. And maybe I can define a schema here. And defining a schema is super simple. We need to know what are the fields here. So easiest way is to copy one value as a reference and then use it to define the schema. Right, so I know ID is a field which can be a string, right? Then first name is another field which can be loaded as a string. Then last name is one more field. Plain field so it can be loaded as string. These three guys are loaded as a string. Then we have address, and, uh, we can see that address is a struct. Right? So we. Define it as a struct. And in this angle bracket up to here we can model it like a struct. So in the struct first field is address line one, which is nothing but a plain string. Then second field is address line two. This guy is also a simple string. Third field is city. This also can be loaded as a string field. Then a state goes as string country. Goes as string, then pin code. This also goes as. String. So we are done with the schema for the address. Then we look at the skills. And skills is an array right. So we define it as array inside the angle bracket. And the array ends here. So we put a angle bracket here. And contacts will come in the next line. So in the array we have one element and then we have second element. So we need only one element to be able to define the structure of the element. All other elements we can remove. So based on this one element we can define the structure of the array element array. And it looks like array element is a struct. So we define a struct the. Angle bracket ends here. And then let's start talking about the struct field. So struct field is skill Is your string, right? And then years of experience is also a string. So we are done with the skills. Now come to contacts. So we have contacts here. What is the type of the contacts we discussed in the previous lecture. That contacts looks like a struct, but it is not a struct because contacts are somewhere, phone and email somewhere it is only phone somewhere it is only email. Right. So it looks like a key value pair. So we define it as map and map definition is starts here and it ends here. Right. And uh map is nothing but a simple key value Pair. So we define what is the data type for. The key and data type of the key is string. What is the data type of the value. So data type of the value is also string. And that is all we managed to define the schema. Maybe if you want you can format it a little bit like this. And we are now ready to create the data frame loading it from the file. So let's create a data frame online. Students underscore D and I'll define code here. And how do we load data from a file using spark dot read. Dot format. And we know it is a JSON file. So we use JSON connector JSON connector will use this schema. Parse every JSON string and give us appropriate fields. Right. So we tell the schema. Dot schema and schema is online students schema here. And then load for loading. We need to tell the path I can get the path from here. Paste it here. And that's all. Then we can display the data frame once right. So we can investigate. We are reading it correctly. Let's run it. And looks like we are reading it. This as a string. This as a string a string. This guy as a struct. Right. And then skills as array contacts as map. So we managed to get the complex data type created in a single step. The difficult approach was to read it as a string, one single column, where we read the entire value as a string and then transform it using the from JSON function. But since the entire file is a JSON file, we can directly use the JSON connector and JSON connector will do the job. All we have to do is to provide the schema. So what is the ask? Ask is to write this to a table so that our analysis team can use it for doing the analytics work. And uh we can use write on the data frame right dot mode. And let's use overwrite mode for now and dot save as table and specify the table name, which is dev dot spark db dot table name is online students. Let's write it. And it is done. Now we have loaded data into the online students table. As a data engineer, we get our requirement from our analytics team or from the end consumers and consumers are technical people for data engineers, right? They might be interested in doing reporting, creating dashboards, doing some analysis, or using your data which you prepared for, uh, machine learning or doing AI work. So we get requirement from them and we prepare data sets according to their requirement. So we are done here. We prepared the data according to our analytics team requirement, assuming that they will be doing simple SQL based analytics on that. But we need to do some tests, understand how they can do the analytics, and we also learn how our table can serve for different types of analysis. Will it be very difficult or easy for them? So for that we have taken three sample questions here. Which analytics team might be using. So how this can be fulfilled. Let's try that. So first is what is the country wise student count. We know they can do it using SQL. So let's do it from SQL. And let's try to model the requirement. So select let's say start with the select star from the table that we created. Dot spark db dot online students. Right? This is the table we have created. Quickly look at the data once. And the requirement is to what is the country wise student count. So we know that this can be fulfilled by simple query group by country and take the count. But country is sitting inside the address field. But that's not a problem. Address is already an object and we have country here so we can directly access the country easily. It's not a string. It's a complex data type, very well represented by different fields in an object. So we can write address dot The country, get the country and then take the count star. As let's say, count amongst the SQL developers community, we have a very hot question that why do count star? Why not do count some field? Let's say ID right? Because count star might read the entire row and then take the count and count ID will read only ID and then take the count. So reading only ID or a single field for taking the count could be efficient faster. But spark is smart, right? So you don't have to worry about that. You can simply say count, star, and spark. This SQL will try to find the count if statistics about the table is up to date in the metadata. It will fetch the count from the statistics or it will automatically convert it into efficient query, maybe counting only one field which is not null, right? So all that we don't have to worry. Spark SQL engine internally can take off take care of this improvement. So group by group by what again address dot country. And that's all that should give me the desired result. And we got it right. So what is the country wise student count. They can do it easily. We are not forcing them to write very complex queries unnecessarily parse the JSON every time they want to query. So we designed our data model efficiently. And that's the goal for Or data engineering to prepare data models which are easy and efficient for their consumers or for the team. Now let's look at one more example. Find all students with more than one years of spark knowledge. So let's write SQL. Select star from the table. Spark DB online students. This is the data that we have. So what all do we want to select. This is the data we want. Find all students. So students means maybe we want ID of the student right. And we want first name of the student. And then we want last name of the student to identify student. Right. Find all students with more than one years of spark knowledge. So where that information is heading, that information is sitting inside. The skills and skills is an array. So there are two skills for this guy Apache Spark and Apache Kafka. We are interested in the record if this guy has got a spark. So out of these two values two skills, one is is spark. So we are interested in this guy and years of experience is more than one year. So years of experience is also here. But we have one record. And for one record we have an array with two skills. Right. So basically what we want to do, what we want to explode this array. Instead of having one record for this student we get two records, same ID, first name, last name and skills is Apache Spark. Years of experience five again one record ID first name, last name, skill says Apache Kafka and years of experience is six. Out of those two records, we can apply filter condition to find if the guy has spark knowledge and it is greater than one year of experience. So basically we have to explode this child data set or the array to the main data set. Right. And this can be easily done using explode function, explode function explode which field we want to explode skills field. Explode skills field. And then take it as again skills right. So if we do that we will get two records for this guy. Skills is Apache Spark years of experience. Apache Kafka. Years of experience. This guy has got for skills, right? Pritam. Jan. So we got four records. Now it's all about filtering the records according to our requirement. So here we explored it. This might not directly allow us to use this skills here. So what we can do, we can write or wrap it inside a inline view. So with online. Student's. Skills. And put that inside a. Pair of parentheses. This becomes my view. And then I can select anything from this guy. Right. Uh select star. From this view and I will get the same result, same query. But now I can refer this skills. So what I can do where. Is skills dot this skill. Right. So skills dot skill like. Like a spark a spark and and skills dot years of experience is greater than one in a complex data type object field names are not case sensitive. What? It means you don't have to worry about this case sensitive skill capital S and K. Field name. Years of experience like that. You can even use small case that works or the actual case of the field name. It works so that that is the advantage here. Like field names in a table are not case sensitive. You can even use first name like this. Same extends to the. Object fields right for complex data types. So this works. Let's try it. And we got three guys right. Um this guy has Apache Spark with five years. This guy has Apache Spark with two years. But result is still coming. As a complex data type, it is still a struct. But if you want, you can maybe Break it into two fields. For doing that, you have to list all the fields. Right. So ID first name, then last name, and then skills. We want all the fields, both skill and years of experience. So I can use dot star. And this will give me two separate fields. Take out the fields from the complex data type. Give it like string separately right. And we get the result. So that's how you can query complex data types. And your analytics team can also use this approach. Let's do one more example. Find all students who didn't provide phone or WhatsApp. So how do we do that. So let's do select star once again from my table Dev dot sparc db dot online students. Let's start with this. And then when data is in front of us, we will start writing the solution. So what do we want? Find all students. So maybe I can get ID first name, last name of students to know about what all students who didn't provide phone or WhatsApp. So phone and WhatsApp. This information is available in the contacts. Contacts is a key value pair. It's a map type right? Map type. And uh, for this record key is phone value is this second key is email value. Is this for this guy. Again there is only one key value pair. For this guy. There are two key value pairs. So what we want to do we want to see in the contacts if there is a key called, uh, phone, right phone, then that's the guy. That guy provided the phone. And if there is no key for phone, that guy didn't provide the phone. So what we want, we want to add a where condition, where contacts and to refer a key, we need to provide the key name in like this. Right. So key phone do we have a key for phone in the contacts. And we if we don't have then this guy will return null. So is null means phone key is not there. Or when we try to find the key for phone it returns null. So that guy didn't provide the phone. And, uh, contacts of WhatsApp is also null. Right. And this will give me the list of students, list of students who didn't provide phone or WhatsApp. But maybe we want to contact them somehow and ask them to provide phone or WhatsApp number. Right. So to contact them, maybe it is not explicitly asked in the query, but maybe we might be interested in knowing their email address if they have provided the email. So let's select that also and email. So at least we know that they have provided the email and run this query. And we should be able to get our answer. So there are two guys who didn't provide phone or WhatsApp number. They have provided the email, so maybe our team can reach out to them and ask for the contact details to be updated in our database. Um, this you can give alias as uh, let's say email. And the field name becomes email. So that's all about working with JSON files or JSON data set. We learned how to load JSON into table and then how to query complex data type fields using SQL. Same approach can be used in data frame queries. Also you can access the data frame uh API access these fields the way we are accessing them in the SQL. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.