Welcome back. Spark latest version has introduced a new data type called variant. Type variant is going to be a de facto data type for handling complex data, JSON, etc. so in this lecture we want to learn what is variant type, how to use it, and when we should be using it. So let's start. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to chapter six working with variant data. This is the notebook that I'll be using to help you learn how to work with variant data. And what is variant data type. So let's start with a simple requirement. We have a requirement to read data from students offline file and load it into offline students raw table. Similar thing we have done in the earlier lecture also, but this time we want to take a different approach for this data. But before we can load this data into a data frame and save it into a table, we need to know a little bit about the data so that we can load it correctly. So let's go to my catalog and try to look at the data file. So go to my database in volume datasets. And this is the file we are talking about students offline dot CSV students offline dot CSV. So let's quickly look at the data file. And we know it is a CSV file. So we expect first line to be a header. And it is there. Then from second line onwards we should have records. So I hope, uh, this is the first record, then this is the second record like that. We have multiple records, but records are kind of mixed, right? We have simple fields, ID, first name, last name, and then we have some JSON strings coming in to the field. Right. This is the JSON string for address up to here. And then we have skills. So a JSON string. Up to here is a skills. And then we have contacts. So JSON string up to here for context. So we have a file which has mixed type of data right. Plain fields which could be integer or a string. Then we have JSON values. So how do we deal with these kind of files? We already learned the approach earlier. The first step is to load it as a text, right. Load the entire address as a string. Entire skills JSON value as a string, context as a string, and then see what we can do to prepare a appropriate data model, which is useful and easy for our team to use in the analytics work. So let's start with the start. Right. First load this file and uh, create a data frame. Right. So we did that earlier in the previous lectures. So I'll quickly copy paste few things here to save some time. First thing is to define a schema for this data set right and schema. We know that these are the field names. And we want to load all of this as string fields right. So schema will be super simple. Let me paste the schema here. This is the offline student's schema ID first name last name address skills contacts everything as a string. Maybe in the file field name is like this. First name. Last name. I am defining a schema where I take a different field name, first name, last name, and that's perfectly fine. While loading it we will say header equal to true. So the connector will skip this line. That's all. But we need to tell the field names. So we are telling the field name first field name is ID second field name is first underscore name. So it will assign first underscore name for the first field. Ignore this right. And that's the power of schema on read write. This is a complex data type address, but we are reading it as a string. And uh, this is a plain string. We are reading it as a string, but we are changing the column name. We are using this column name instead of the column name provided in the file. And that's the power of schema on read. Now we need to read this into a data frame. And we already did that in the previous lecture. Same file. We load it. So I'll paste the code. We are creating offline students raw df using a CSV connector telling header equal to true telling code is this character escape is this character and giving a schema and loading it from the file. And once that is done, we can simply display it once to see what we have loaded And looks like we are able to read all the fields successfully right up to contacts. Everything looks like in place and the data types are string right, context string skills is a string, address is also string, and these guys are anyway string. So we managed to load this. Now our requirement was to save it into a table called Offline Students raw table. So let's comment this guy and then write code to save it. And we save it into raw table. So let's run this. So I got this error I schema mismatch detected when writing to the delta table. And table name. Is this right offline students raw. You might also face this error. It is likely to come if you are repeating this code in the same order that I have done it, and why it is happening because we created this table in one of the previous lectures. Now we are recreating. We are trying to overwrite that table again in this lecture and there is some schema mismatch detected. So let's quickly go to catalog and see what is the table structure that we created earlier. Because we are creating same table with the same data. Why there is an schema mismatch. So let's come back to our tables and look at the offline students raw right. This is the table we are trying to overwrite. And these are the fields. All are string type. We are also trying to write everything as a string. Same number of fields. But the field names are different. This is first name and we are trying to write it as first underscore name. Right. So if table exists and you are trying to even overwrite that table. Spark uses Delta table behind the scene, so Delta table will validate. Are you trying to overwrite the data only or you are trying to overwrite the schema? Also, if you are trying to overwrite the data, that's fine. But schema is same. That's allowed. But when you are trying to overwrite the schema also, that is something we don't expect, right? So you have to tell explicitly that we want to overwrite the schema. Also it's not only overwriting the data. So while writing we tell mode is overwrite but we also tell one option. Option here which says. Overwrite schema is true right. And then save the table. So let's try it now. And it worked. So that's all we are able to create the offline student's raw table. And uh let's quickly look at the table once. Select star from this table. And we have data into this table. All fields are string right. And that's perfectly fine for raw table. But my analytics team will have hard time querying this table. Right. If they want to do some analysis on the fields dependent on address subfields they will have to parse the address, write, and while parsing the address, they have to give the schema for the address field and use from JSON and then convert it into complex data type like struct, and then only they can query the or access these fields like city and country and pin right. And that gives them hard time and performance will also be slow. So what is the solution? One solution we learned earlier is we parse the complex data types or these JSON fields once for all, parse it and then create a offline students table. A final table. And our team can start querying that in the latest version of spark. Spark offered one more option. What they said. They said instead of parsing them, parsing these fields to a struct or array, or a map. You can parse it to one new data type called variant. As the name suggests, variant supports a variety of complex data types. Write it. Single data type variant can have your, uh, struct can have your array can have your map. And that simplifies a lot of things. We don't have to define a schema at the time of parsing these fields, because variant doesn't need to specify schema at the time of writing it. It will internally store this thing as a binary value and while querying it. Also, we don't have to specify the schema, so it becomes kind of schema less for querying. We need to know the schema, but we don't need to explicitly specify the schema at the time of writing or creating the table. We don't need to specify the schema at the time of querying the table, and we don't need to parse it every time we want to query. It is binary field, and it performs as fast as your struct or your array or map data types perform. So what do we want to do? We want to learn how to take that approach. The new approach where we push all the semi-structured data into a field called variant data type. And then we are done. We don't have to worry about the schema of the complex data type model. It all that is taken out from the picture. So that's what we want to do here and learn how to do that. So let's clear that for now. Or let's leave the result as as it is here What we want to do. Prepare a new table called offline where students table which is ready for analysis. How to do it? We will have to parse these fields to variant data type. Once for all without specifying the schema. Parsing to variant can be done without worrying about the schema, and for that we will need one function. So let's import that from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import. Parse JSON. Earlier we used the function which was known as from JSON. From JSON from JSON will expect two inputs one which field we want to parse and what is the schema of the JSON string, right? But this is a new function which is designed for parsing a field into a variant data type. And this doesn't take schema. It doesn't require schema. So we will be using parse JSON instead of from JSON. So now let's create a data frame. Let's call it off line. Students. Right. And we will be creating after transforming my raw data frame this raw data frame. And while transforming we want to use with columns and transform three fields address skills and contacts. Why these three fields? Because these three fields are of complex data type. Or they are semi-structured data values and I have read them as a string. Right. So I have to transform them to variant. So first field I want to transform is address. And what is the logic to transform the address simply call the parse JSON function and tell which field to transform. Transform address. That's all. I don't need to tell what is the schema. Parse JSON will automatically do the job. It will figure out the schema and transform it into a variant data type. Then skills. And this approach also gives us flexibility to push things in whatever schema it is coming right. It gives us to not to worry about the schema. So even my source system is changing schema of the address little bit later. Uh, we don't need to change our code, because I'm not at all defining this schema while using from JSON. If my source system is changing schema of the address, I have to change my code, redefine the schema so that we can parse it. Right? But, uh, parse JSON doesn't expect schema. So whatever schema they are making, even schema is evolving over a period of time. I don't have to worry about that. Right. So let's parse the skills. Also skills is also done. And then parse the contacts contacts and parse JSON. And contacts. And that's all. Now let's uh display it after transforming so we know what we are. Creating. So let's run it. Once earlier, these fields were string. We now transformed it into variant right. And displayed it here. These guys are still string right. But look at the address. It is simply saying variant data type right. Even if you expand this and look at the data types ID first name last name are string, address is variant skills is variant, contacts is variant. What is the schema? We don't know. We don't care. Even variant doesn't care. What is the schema of this right? It is simply saved as variant. It could be a struct like address. It could be an array like a skills. It could be a map like contacts. We don't care. All we care is this is semi-structured data transformed into a variant field. That's all. And that kind of outdates the complex data types in spark All we use is variant data type for all or any complex data type, or for storing semi-structured data into a table. So we are done. Let's, uh, create a table. Right? Hoping that this will be super easy and efficient for my analytics team to query this table, right? So let's, uh, write this data frame into a table. Offline students dot right dot mod. Mod overwrite and dot save as table and give the table name dev dot s db dot Offline, let's call it where students. And try saving it. Done right. We are done. And from data engineering perspective, we prepared a table for our analytics team offline where students right now they can use this. And the queries on these offline where students if they need where fields should be fast enough, as fast as when we use a struct or array or map or a complex data type, because those are also binary variant is also binary. Complex data types also do not need parsing at the time of query, and variant data type also do not need parsing. At the time of query, so they perform fast. The advantage is we do not even need parsing with the schema at the time of creating the table, right? We simply create the table with the field name without telling the schema, and that gives us flexibility to load data without knowing the schema and support schema evolution or schema changes. So we are done, but let's learn how we can query the variant data types right. So uh we have three requirements here. What is the country wise student count. This kind of requirements we have already fulfilled earlier. So we know kind of what kind of SQL queries can be written. But uh variant has some changes. Dealing with variant data type Requires a little more learning about the spark SQL. First thing I want to mention here is. Variant, object element or element names are case sensitive. As of now, they are case sensitive. What does it mean? I'll explain, but let's do a simple query. Select star from from this field. From this table. Right. We want to start from there. And then think how we want to answer this question. So it gives me the result. What do we want. We want to find country wise student count right. So. country is hidden inside this address field and it is already shown as object, right? It is already shown as object. So we should be able to access the country directly. Right? So let's, uh, learn how we can access the variant object elements. Right. This is a variant object. We can see data type is variant. And these are the object elements. Address line one, address line two city country etc.. So uh let's first select ID and then we want to access the address country. Right. So field name is address. And for accessing the variant object we use something like this colon and then country. But variant object element names are case sensitive. So we have to use the exact this country, not the small letter country will work. Let's try selecting these things. Right? Right. We got ID and we got country. So we are easily able to extract the country. Can I run a Where clause on this or can I do a group by on this. Right. Because all we wanted is country and we didn't want ID actually what we want country comma count star as count. Right. And group by group by what address? Colon country. Remember we extracted country from address. Address is a variant type country. Inside the address is a string type, but when extracted address dot country country is returned, but country is still variant type. Right. So from a variant you extract any object inside the variant that still remains variant. Right? It is not a string. And that is a little challenge for writing the queries. So if I try this let's try it. We will get an error. That uh, variant field cannot be used as a grouping expression because its data type variant is not an orderable data type. Right. So that's a challenge. But that's not a big problem. What we can do, we can cast this variant type. As a string. Right. Cast it as a string in the select and also cast it as a string for doing the grouping. Can we do it now? Done. Right. So the challenge is that if we access any field from a variant, that field may be string, maybe integer, maybe some thing else. But that field is returned as a variant. And unfortunately variant cannot be used in the order by in the group by. So we have to convert it into the required data type. We know country is a string, so we can simply cast it as a string. And that's all. It will work wherever you are accessing. Access it as a cast and it will work right. So simple. We don't need to define the schema. We don't need to parse it. Simply know what we want to access and we can access it. Now let's look at the second requirement. Find all students with more than one year of spark knowledge. Right. So what do we want to do here? Uh, let's start with select star. From. What is the table? Same table. We are querying this table from this table. And we want to find the information about students. So maybe we want id. ID first name last name. And what do we want. We want to find the skill and years of experience uh here. And that is available here in the array. Right. So we simply don't want, uh, one skill, right? We want to explode this. That's how we process an array, right? If array is a field, we want to get all these. So we want to explode that guy, explode this array and then maybe put up our Where clause or whatever we want. Right. So we have to explode it in plain SQL. If this skill was a array data type we could use explode, right? We could simply use explode here and uh, pass the skills here and it should explode to multiple records for this guy. Two records and for this guy four records. Right? But it is a variant. We cannot explode it like that. We have a function called variant Explode. We have a function called. Let's remove this guy from here. Variant. We have a function called variant. Explode. And in the variant explode, we can tell skills, right? So instead of explode, we can use variant explode. But there is a small problem or a small change here. Variant explode is not a standard SQL function like explode, so it cannot be used in this Select clause. Variant. Explode is a table value function. We haven't learned table value function yet, but it is a table value function and table value functions cannot be used in the Select clause. They are used in the From clause. So I remove it from here and use it here. Select this table and from. Lateral view returned by this variant explode. Right select from here. Then it will explode and the exploded value will be given as value. So I can take that value here. So let's run it for once. And we got it right. So same kind of effect for this guy. We explode it to two records. First record gives me Apache Spark scale and second record gives me Apache Kafka scale in the value field. So a small variation in how you explode a variant array, right? Instead of using explode here, all you have to do is to put it in the From clause and this will give you the value. The field name is fixed. It is value. You can you can change it to whatever you want or from this value. If you want to take out the skill and years of experience, you can use it. Value. Colon. Is remember it is case sensitive and then value colon years of. Remember this is also case sensitive. And then get your exploded data frame right. This is a still variant right. This is a also variant. So taking any object from a variant gives us variant. So maybe we don't want it to be variant. Then we can cast it like this. Cast as we want to cast it as a string, right? And that's all. And this guy, we want to cast it as an integer. Right? It is a number. We want to cast it as integer. Now run this query. And you got what you wanted ID first name. Last name is skill as string. Years of experience as integer in the exploded format, right 12 records. This function variant explode will take two skills for the first guy from the skills array. Create two records. Second guy two skills. So create two records. This guy four skills. So create four records. What if there was a student where skills was null? What it will do. No skills so it won't explode. And since suppose there was a guy called 106. ID 106 name xyz and skills was null. Then if we explored using variant explode 106 id name xyz will not be shown in the result because we are using it here, right? So it does kind of inner join. If the value for the exploded field is null, then value from the students or from the other table is also taken out. We don't want that. We want that. Even if, uh, for example, Katie didn't had any skill. Show me the Katie's name and show me this as null. Right at show me one record for Katie and show me skill as null. Years of experience as null. So for that there is a function called variant explored. Outer. That's all right. If you don't want that record from the driving table, use variant explored. If you want record from the driving table, even if skills is null, then use variant explored outer. And that's all for our example. There are no differences because every record has some skill. So that's all this is done. Now we are left with the main query to answer. So let's make this as a view. Uh, let's call it width of line. Students skills as a view. Right. The exploded one. Right. Exploded first. And once it is exploded, then you can write your SQL select star from this view. Where what is the condition? Skill should be like spark and years of experience should be greater than one. So simple skill. Now it is not variant type right? This is skill is a string type. So I can use a small case skill like percent spark percent and. Year of. Experience is greater than one. Let's try that. And we got three guys right. These fields are converted to are taken out and cast it to a string so they are no longer variant, so their names are not case sensitive. Variant field names and variant field object elements are all case sensitive. Remember that and that is all we are done with the query. Little new learning about how do you explode in case of array. Otherwise it is still simple and it works as fast as array field. This guy little new learning instead of address dot country we will be using address colon country and we may have to cast it at many places right. So that's all about this. We have one more requirement here. Find all students who didn't provide phone or WhatsApp. So let's do SQL select star From the same table. From this table. Let's start here. And what do we want? Find all students. So we want to find ID and first name and last name. And in the previous chapter we were doing same query using map data type. Now we are doing same query using variant data type. We wanted to show the email also. So let's take the contacts colon email simple. Within the contacts we have filled email or phone. So contacts colon email. That's all right. So let's run it once. We got email some places this is null. That's fine, but we wanted to find where contacts colon phone is null and contacts colon. WhatsApp is null, right? That's what we wanted to find those students who didn't provide any phone or WhatsApp number. Let's run this. And we got the result. And that is all. For this lecture we learned how to use variant data, type in spark to store semi-structured data more efficiently. And we also learned how to query variant data types in spark. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.