So Amazon Q is a layer of intelligence that is slowly starting to be included in other AWS services, and so they can come up with the exam. So the first one is Amazon Q for QuickSight. So what is Amazon QuickSight? Well, Amazon QuickSight is a way for you to create dashboards and to visualize your data. And so when you do this in Amazon QuickSight, it's drag and drop. You select your accesses and so on. But you can also now use Amazon Q. And with Amazon Q, you just upload your dataset and then you ask natural language questions to your data and automatically, graphs can be generated. For example, in the graph here, I have sales by city and product as a map, and automatically, the map is created with the correct measures and so on, which is very helpful. So now to create our dashboards in QuickSight, we can just use Amazon Q and dictate what we want. So we can get executive summaries of your data. You can ask and answer questions about your data, and you can generate and edit visuals for your dashboards. We have Amazon Q for EC2. So what is EC2? Well, EC2 instances are virtual servers that you can start in AWS and they are very important. Amazon Q for EC2 helps you choose which EC2 instance type you're going to need for your workload. So for example, I asked, "Hey, I have a web service and I would like to run it to serve 1,000 users. Which EC2 instance type do you recommend?" And the recommended instance types are M7g and C7g, and we get the information why. We can also keep on talking to Amazon Q to add more requirements and get a better understanding if these requirements fit the EC2 instance type selected or if we need to change. So it's a dialog and we'll see Amazon EC2 instances geared for AI and ML workloads later on in this course. You also have Amazon Q for AWS Chatbot. So AWS Chatbot is a way for you to deploy a chatbot from AWS in a chat application, for example, Slack or Microsoft Teams. And this chatbot knows about your AWS accounts, so you can even ask it to run commands for you, and it will. So it's a way for you to never leave your chat application and still use AWS. So thanks to this AWS chatbot, you can troubleshoot issues or receive notifications for alarms, have security findings, billing alerts, or even create support requests directly from the chats. And how is Amazon Q integrated with it? Well, we can directly access Amazon Q through the AWS Chatbot. And so this will accelerate you to understand services, to troubleshoot issues or identify remediation paths. Amazon Q Developer can also help with Glue. So what is Glue? Glue is a ETL service. So that means extract, transform, and load. And it's used to move data across places on your cloud and from databases or storage options. So you may not know what Glue is or know how Glue works, but you may wanna use it and so Amazon Q can be very helpful in that instance. So you can chat to answer general questions about Glue and provide links to documentation. You can also generate code for AWS Glue, so you can generate code or answer questions about specific ETL scripts that you find in Glue. And finally, in case you have errors in your Glue jobs, Amazon Q Developer has been trained to understand these errors, and provide you step-by-step instructions to root cause and resolve your issues. So that's it for Amazon Q for other services. I will keep on adding this lecture if there are new services that come up. But so far, so good. You should be good for the exam. All right, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.