So now let's talk about PartyRock, which is in the exam guide, so let's talk about it for a second, but it's not a real AWS service. So it's a playground for you to build Gen AI apps, and in the backend, it's powered by Amazon Bedrock. And you can access PartyRock simply without having an AWS account. So here, this allows anyone to build AI apps. So here, you can experiment with various financial model with no coding or accounts required. And the UI is actually very similar to Amazon Q Apps, but you have way less setup and no account required. So if you wanted to experiment with Q Apps, you could instead use PartyRock. Of course, you won't use your company internal data, but you can experiment with the different widgets that it can offer. So let me just give you a quick tour of PartyRock, which is going to be more than enough for you to understand what it does at the exam. So here I am on the PartyRock website and we can build apps. So let's scroll down and we can, for example, use one of the featured apps and let's look at Good Eats to get restaurant recommendations based on what we like. So we have to provide a location, for example, Las Vegas, Nevada, a cuisine American, and a meal dinner. And all these are inputs that users provide. So if you look at the configuration, there's a widget title called cuisine, a placeholder, which if you remove the American text is going to ask what kind of cuisine would you like, and then a default value if need be. So if I just remove this, it says what kind of cuisine would you like? So I'll say American Burgers. And the meal type we want is dinner, location is Las Vegas, Nevada. And here if we run this, so we do a Command + Enter to play the app, you need to log in after this. So after logging in, we are going to press play and it's going to generate a restaurant and generate a restaurant guide. So as you can see here, we get, here are some great recommendations for American burger restaurants in Las Vegas, Nevada for dinner. And we get different answers right here. And then restaurant guide we get, I'd be happy to share more details about the things I've provided you for. So if we have a look at these two things, which are the output of my AI apps, and you click on Show Configuration, you can see that it's using a model. So now we're generating something. So we're using a model and then the prompt is a prompt template. So it says recommend a great restaurant in location and you see it highlights the inputs on the top left for cuisine and for meal. And so this is a template made from user inputs. And if you look at restaurant guide, again we have, tell me more about the restaurants I recommended and it's going to use the output of this widget to feed into that widget. So this is very handy, and if you want to play, you could have your apps, you can generate your own app, you can use Gen AI to actually say, "I want to generate an app which gives recipe ideas based on the ingredients as well as a possible image of the recipe." We generate this and automatically, PartyRock is going to try to be smart and find out the types of widgets we need and how these widgets are linked together. And so here we go. So now the app has been created, so we have the ingredients and we need to enter the ingredients separated by a comma. Then we'll get a recipe idea and then we'll get a recipe image. So for example, say we want tomato, cucumber, raclette cheese to go crazy, and olives. And then we're going to play. It's going to generate a recipe and then it's going to generate an image directly from one of these recipes, which is really cool. And again, if you look at this, you see that it's using the model Stable Diffusion XL to generate our image. And, you know, generative AI is a little bit crazy, but, of course, here we have cucumbers, olives, some onions as well I can see, and some cheese. So this is perfect and raclette cheese in the top left. Anyway, makes me very happy as a French person. So try it out. You can add widgets, they have different ones, user input, static text, document, and then what you want to generate, text, image, or chat bots. But hopefully it shows you what PartyRock is. It's a very good playground to do AI apps and it's a good way for you to, for AWS I guess, to get people to use Amazon Bedrock because it shows the potential of using Amazon Bedrock and Amazon Q. All right, that's it, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.