Welcome to new section of the course. So far, we have been keeping the access keys and secrets in clear text inside the Databricks Notebooks or Clusters. This is not the recommended approach for storing credentials, as it could easily end up in the wrong hands and expose the sensitive data. So we need a solution which helps to store and manage these secrets better. Databricks offers a service called Secret Scope, and Azure offers another service called Key Vault and we can combine the two to create a more secure solution in Azure Databricks. Let's try and understand how that works. Secret Scopes in Databricks, is basically a collection of secrets identified by a name. Secret Scopes helps store the credentials securely and reference them in notebooks, clusters, as well as jobs when required. There are two types of secret scopes in Azure Databricks. The first one is the Databricks backed Secret Scope. In this case, a Secret Scope is backed by an encrypted databricks database owned and managed by Databricks. We can create and alter the encrypted database using the Databricks CLI or the API. It cannot be done via the Graphical User Interface. The other type of secret scope is the Azure Key Vault backed Secret Scope. In this case, the secrets are created and managed in Azure Key Vault. This is the recommended approach when using Databricks on Azure. This is mainly because by keeping the secrets in Azure Key Vault, the secrets can be shared amongst other Azure services such as Azure Data Factory, Azure Synapse Analytics, etc.. And the Key Vault can be the one place where all the secrets are kept and maintained. So we will be using the Azure Key Vault backed Secret Scope for our project. So how does it work? In order to implement an Azure Key Vault backed solution, we need to create an Azure Key Vault and add all the secrets to the key vault. We then need to create the Databricks Secret Scope and link it to the Azure Key Vault. Now that the secret scope is linked to the key vault, we will be able to use notebooks, clusters or jobs, to get the secrets using the Databricks Secrets Utility called dbutils.secrets. I hope you now have an initial understanding about how this works. The rest of this section will help you strengthen this understanding, by securing the credentials and the secrets in Azure Key Vault and accessing them from notebooks or clusters. In the next lesson, we will create an Azure Key Vault and add the secrets to the key vault. In the following lesson, we will create a Databricks Secret Scope and link that with the Azure Key Vault. I'll then give you an overview of the Databricks Secrets Utility, which lets you access the secrets from the secret scope. Once we have a good understanding about these concepts, we'll put that into practice by implementing these in the notebooks followed by clusters. Let's get started.