In this lesson, we are going to create an Azure key vault and add secrets to the key vault. Let's switch over to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure Portal. In order to create the key vault, click on the top left menu and click Create a Resource. And now search for Key Vault. And select key vault from the marketplace here and click Create. This wizard will guide us through the information that's required in order to create the key vault. Let's pick the subscription. I'm going to go with my pay-as-you-go subscription. And next, we need to select the resource group. As we said before, we're going to go with the databricks-course-rg resource group that we've been using for all our resources. Let me pick that. And now we need to provide a name for our key vault. I'm going to call this one as forumula1-key-vault. And let's pick a region. I'm going to pick uksouth, which is my closest region. And pricing tier, standard should be good enough for our course. By default, the soft delete is enabled and the key vault is retained up to 90 days from deletion. That's good enough for us and we can leave the purge protection as default as well. And now let's click through to Next. The only thing you need to do in this page is to ensure that you've selected the permission model as vault access policy. And please ensure that you've selected vault access policy rather than the Azure role based access control. As the Creator, you will have full access to the key vault by default, but you can add new users or change permissions here if you wanted to. And let's click through to networking. And again, we can allow access to public networks as it's just for the course, but you can add only selected networks from this page. And let's click next for tags and then let's click review plus Create. And the validation is successful. Let's click Create to create the KeyVault. Okay, the deployment is now complete. It took about a couple of minutes to deploy the resource. Let's click go to resource to go to the key vault and let's pin this resource to our dashboard so that it's there when we need it. So I'm going to pin it to our dashboard that we created for the course, which is called Databricks Course Dashboard. And let me click pin. We now need to add secrets to our key vault. In order to add secrets, we'll have to select the Secrets menu under the Objects section here. And to add a new secret, you just have to click on the plus generate slash import button here, and this wizard will guide us through the information that's required in order to create a new secret. As you can see here, we got two options here. One is to manually add the secret name and the value here. Or we can use a certificate to import the secret information. We're going to go with the manual option. And apart from that, all you need here is the name of a secret and the value. For example, you may have a secret with a name storage account key and the actual value will be stored as the value. So whenever you invoke this key vault and request for the secret value of the storage account key, it will give you the actual key. So it is as simple as a name value pair. Let's now switch back to the notebook and identify the secrets that we need for our project. So this is the first notebook that we created, which is to access adls using the access keys. And as you know, we've got the access key hardcoded here in plain text and we can keep that in the key vault. Let me go over to the other notebooks as well. So in the second notebook, we're using the SAS token to access. And as you can see, we've got the SAS token in clear text and we should keep that in the key vault. And if I go over to the third one, which uses the service principle, in this case, the secret value is actually the client secret. But I would encourage you to keep the client ID and tenant ID in key Vault as well so that none of your information is in the public domain. So we should basically create three secrets for this notebook and one for the SAS token and one for the access keys. Let's create a secret for our account key in this lesson and we'll create the secrets for the others in later lessons. So in order to do that, I'm going to simply copy the value of the account key from here. Please make sure that you're not copying the double quotes and you're just copying the value from here. Otherwise you'll have problems later on. So let me go over to the key vault now to add the secret. As we said before, we need a name for our secret. I'm going to simply call this as Formula1dl account key. And let me paste the value here. And optionally, you can also specify the type of the content here. As we know, it's a storage account key here. So you can optionally specify here, as I say, it is optional, but I'm going to simply call the storage account key so that it will be visible when I come to list my keys in the UI. And we can also set the activation date here, which is the start date and an expiration date for our secret. We'll leave them as unticked. So our secret is valid as soon as it's created and it never expires. You can also disable the secret by setting this field to no again. We are going to leave that as enabled because we want our secret to be valid. So I'm going to simply click create to create the secret. So as you can see, the secret is now created and it's been listed here on this UI, and this is the name of our secret and the content type we give, which is storage account key, and the status is enabled and we don't have an expiration date. So with that, we have successfully created a key vault in this lesson and also added a secret to hold our account key. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.