Instructor: Now that we have the Key Vault, let's create a Databricks secret scope and link the secret scope with the Azure Key Vault. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. We need to navigate to the homepage. In order to do that, we can click on the Microsoft Azure, or Databricks icons on the top left here. Please make sure that you are in the Databricks homepage in order to carry out this lesson. Databricks keeps the secret scope in a hidden user interface. In order to reveal that user interface, simply type secrets/createScope at the end of the URL here. Please note that the, YES, in the create scope is uppercase and it's case sensitive. So please make sure to use uppercase here. And let's hit Enter. As you can see, that's reveal the user interface which allows us to create the secret scope. Let's give a name for our secret scope. I'm gonna simply call that as formula1-scope. The dropdown here lets us choose the Manage Principle of the secret scope. The options are Creator and All Users. Creator allows access to the secret scope only for the user who created it, and All Users allows all users who has access to the workspace to have access to the secret scope as well. Creator is only available on premium tier, so let's choose All Users, and that's good enough for the course. As we said, we need to link this secret scope to Azure Key Vault that we created in the last lesson. The bottom section here allows us to do that. In order to link the two we just need to provide the DNS name, and the Resource ID of the key vault. Let me show you where to get them from. Come over to the key vault, and let's click on Properties. Vault URI given here is the DNS name that we need in our secret scope. And the Resource ID is the Resource ID that we expect in our secret scope as well. So let's start with the Vault URI. I'm gonna copy that and go over to the secret scope and paste it here under DNS name. And let me copy the Resource ID, as well. I'm gonna simply copy that from here, and paste it here as a resource ID. And that's everything we need. Let's click Create to Create Secret Scope. As you can see, the secret scope named formula1-scope has now been added, so let's click OK. So with that, in this lesson we've created the secret scope, and we've linked our secret scope with the Azure Key Vault, as well. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see in the next one.