Welcome back. Now that we've created the Azure Key Vault and the Databricks Secret Scope and also linked the two services. In this lesson, we're going to look at how to use Databricks Secrets Utility to get secret values from Databricks Secret Scope and Azure Key Vault. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's create a new notebook to explore the capabilities of the Databricks Secrets Utility. I'm going to call my notebook as 5.explore dbutils secrets utility. And let's leave the default language as Python and let's attach to our Cluster. I'm going to simply click Create here. As you can see, my cluster is in terminated state, so I'm going to start that. You can do that by clicking on the dropdown here and then navigating to the cluster and click on Start from here. So let me click Confirm. So while the Cluster is being started, let's work on the Notebook. So let's start with the Help method on the secrets utility, to see the methods available for us. As you can see, the secrets utility offers four methods namely get, getBytes, list and listScopes. So let's start with the listScopes method. As the description says, it lists all the secret scopes available within the workspace. Let's try that. As we know, we only have one secret scope, which is formula1 scope in this workspace, and it's listed that successfully. In order to see the secrets available in a specific secret scope, in our case which is formula1 scope, we can use the list method. As you can see from the description, it expects the parameter scope to be passed in. So let's try that now. As you can see, it's listed the name of all the secrets that we've created. In our case, we only had the formula1dl account key secret. So the last thing we want to do is to get the values of the secrets so that we can get them and use them in the notebooks instead of hard coding them. You can run the method get, to get the values of the secrets. Again, as you can see here, this method expects two parameters. One is the Scope and the other one is the Key. So when we provide the Scope and the Key, it will give the value of the secret. Let's try that now. As you can see it's brought us back the values, but it's redacted it, so that it's not exposed. Effectively, this helps us stop hard coding the secret value in our notebook. This is really important as it avoids values being accidentally exposed in the public internet via something like GitHub. So now you can safely upload this notebook to a public GitHub account without worrying about compromising your secrets. And that's exactly what we wanted to achieve in this lesson. Having said that, I just want to add a note to students who are more interested in security and administration. Please note that everything we've done here helps us avoid keeping secrets in plain text and exposing them to someone outside of the organization. Having said that, everyone who has access to this Databricks workspace will have access to the Secret Scope. So please make sure that you manage adding users to this workspace carefully. Also, you can restrict access to the secrets for only certain users by limiting them access to the Key Vault, because the Key Vault offers Role-Based access control. I hope you now have a good understanding about how to use the dbutils secrets utility. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.