Now that we've removed the hard-coded secrets from one of our notebooks and replaced that with the value from our Secret Scope and the Key Vault, let's do the same for the other two notebooks. By now you must be familiar with this process. So I would like you to take it as an assignment and do it yourself. But if you do get stuck, please come back to the video and I'll take you through the steps required. Good luck. I hope you manage to complete the assignment successfully. If not, please follow along with me. I'm going to start with the second notebook, in which we're using the Sas token to authenticate to the storage account. As you know, in this notebook, we've got the Sas token exposed in clear text, and that's the information we want to get into our Key Vault and then use the Secrets Utility to get the information at runtime. So we need to put this value into Key Vault. I'm not going to use this value, that's because this Sas token is already expired because I only had it valid for eight hours and we now past the eight hours. So I'm going to generate a new Sas token and add that to the Key Vault. Let me go over to the Data Lake here and let's go over to the Containers, and we're going to create the Sas token on the demo container. So let me go over to the three dots on the right hand side and click Generate SAS. And as we did before, let's give the Read and the List permissions and let's keep the duration of the Sas token to be eight hours again. So that's going to be expiring in eight hours from now. And let me click Generate SAS token and URL, and let me copy the Sas token from here and that's the one, I'm going to use in my Key Vault. Let me go over to my Key Vault and let's click on Generate/Import, and I'm going to name my Sas token, I'm going to call this one as formula1 demo sas token, because it's particularly on the demo container. And let me paste the value that I copied and also, let me provide the content type as Sas token and let's click Create. So we now have the secret created here in our key vault, and we can simply use that in our notebook. As we did before, Let's invoke the get method from the Secrets Utility and assign the value to a variable, so we can use it in the next command. And let me execute that statement, and that's successfully executed. So let me copy the name of the variable that we've used here and replace that instead of the hard-coded value here in our Spark configuration. So let me execute this Spark configuration now. And if we did everything right, we should be able to list the files as well as read the data from the circuits.csv file. And as you can see, everything is succeeded and we've successfully managed to add the Sas token to the Key Vault and get the value from there, and use that in our notebook to access our storage account. So let's do the same thing for our third notebook, which is the one that uses the Service Principal to access the data from our storage account. As we said before we're going to have the client id, tenant id and the client secret, all of them stored within the Key Vault. So that we've got none of these information hard-coded within our notebook. So let's start with the client id. I'm going to simply copy the value of the client id and let's go over to Key Vault and let's create a new secret. I'm going to call this one as formula1 app client id. And let me paste the value and I'm going to have the content type as client id as well. And let's click Create. Let's do the same thing for the other two as well. We've now created the three secrets that we wanted to create within our Key Vault. Let's now switch back to the Databricks Notebook and use the get method of the Secrets Utility to get the values from Key Vault. So let's execute this statement here. And that should get all three variables set. So now we've got the secrets assigned to the variables here, and we've already used the variables within our Spark configuration. So let's execute the Spark configuration and that's executed successfully. And if we did everything right, we should be able to list and read from the file as well. So as you can see, those two statements succeeded as well. So that's brilliant. As you can see, all three notebooks that we've got now, don't have any of the secrets hard-coded and everything is stored securely within our Key Vault. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.