In this lesson, we are going to look at how to implement secrets in a Cluster Scoped authentication method. In the previous section of the course, we hard-coded the secrets in the cluster configuration. I'll walk you through how to use Secret Scopes instead. The syntax for accessing the Secrets Utility here in a Cluster, is slightly different to the one we saw in the notebooks. So please pay attention. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. In order to add the Spark Configuration to the Cluster, we need to edit the cluster first. So let's go over to the Compute menu from the sidebar and select the name of the cluster here. In my case, it's databricks course cluster and let's click on Edit on the top right to edit the configuration for the cluster. If you expand the Advanced options, you will see the Spark configurations. We already have three configurations by default, but we want to add one to have our account key. So we're going to use the account keys to access our storage account. So I'm going to add the configuration for that here. As we know, the Spark configuration for the account key is fs.azure.account key. So let's add that here. As we know, the Spark configuration here is a name value pair. So we already have the name of the Spark configuration here and we need to provide the value. So let's add a space at the end of the name and we need to provide the value here. Previously we had the hard-coded value of the access key here, which we don't want to do. We want to use the value from our Key Vault. So we need to access the Secrets Utility to get the value. To access the secrets utility, the syntax is slightly different here. So in order to do that, you just give two curly braces to start with and then you add the word secrets and then add a slash here at the end. And now you provide the name of the secret scope. So in our case, it is formula1 scope. And again, you need to add another slash, and then now you give the name of your secret. In our case, it was formula1dl account key. And you need to have the two curly braces closing here. So that's everything you need to do. Let me walk you through again. In order to access the Databricks Secrets Utility, we start with two curly braces and then you give the word secrets and then a slash followed by the name of the secret scope and then a slash again and followed by the name of your secret, or it's the key name. And then you close the curly braces here. So that's all you need. And if you tab out, it enables the confirm and restart button. What it's doing is it's asking us to confirm the configuration and also restart the cluster. You may still notice the warning message here saying we shouldn't keep any secrets in plain text, which we are not. So we can simply ignore that warning and let's click Confirm and restart. It will restart the cluster for us with the new configuration. So the cluster is now restarted. Let's go over to the notebook and try and access the data without providing any cluster configurations in the notebook. So I'm going to go to the notebook for in which we don't have any Spark configurations and make sure it's attached to the cluster which it is, in my case. I'm simply going to execute these two statements and see whether I'm able to see the data. So as you can see, we've successfully managed to access the data from our notebook without providing any Spark configuration or any access keys within the notebook. So any notebook that connects to the cluster will be able to access the storage account without any issues, which is great. But before we finish, let's navigate to the cluster and tidy up. If you are on a student subscription or you're using your company subscription and you don't have access to Active Directory, you won't be able to mount your storage accounts. So you will have to use this method for the rest of the course. So leave the cluster as is. But if you have access to the Active Directory, which in most of your cases you will be able to access the Active Directory, please remove this configuration so that we can use the databricks mounts to access the data which we'll be covering in the next section of the course. So let's click Edit here and, and go over to Advanced options and just remove this entry. Again, please don't do this. If you are on a student subscription or you don't have access to Active Directory, it's only for people who are able to mount the storage account. So let's remove that, and again tab out and then click on Confirm and restart. So with that, we've successfully demonstrated how to use the secrets stored in Key Vault in our Databricks cluster configurations. That's the end of this section of the course. I'll see you in the next section.