Okay, so let's practice using Amazon Bedrock. So we opened the Bedrock Console, and we are greeted with the Overview page. And so the first thing we want to look at is the list of models that are available for us on Amazon Bedrock. So I click on the left-hand side to Model Catalog, and here we have access to all the models offered on Amazon Bedrock. So you can filter by provider, and you can see the list of all providers over here. And this list will keep on getting longer and longer. So, for example, if you want to filter for Amazon, you would click on Amazon, and you would get access to all the models by Amazon itself. If you're looking for models only for doing image, you can click on Image and get access to these two. So this filtering allows you to really find the model that you need. If you click on the specific model, for example, this one, you get access to the model overview, some details around the categories of what it can do, and so on. You can do the model pricing details and so on. And you could even click on the company itself, for example, Anthropic, to get more access to all the models offered by Anthropic on Amazon Bedrock. So next we need to test these models. So let's go on the left-hand side, Under Test, and we click on Chat Playground. So you have two options here. You can use chat or a single prompt. So let's use a single prompt right now. And then we select a model. So the model we're gonna select, for example, is from Amazon, the Nova Micro. This is the cheapest model from Amazon. So now we're going to ask something to the model. So, for example: what is AWS? Click on Run. And we get a response from the model around: what is AWS? So you can see the response is written right here. Several bullet points. We can see the input used four tokens. This is a way to do the pricing. And the output was 483 tokens back. The latency gives you some information around how long it took for the model to generate your reply. And you have access here. You could configure your prompts here. This is more advanced, we'll get to see this later on. But right now we have just used a single prompt against this model. So what we can do is that we can swap the model. For example, we can go to Anthropic and use, for example, Claude Sonnet 4.5 or whatever version you want really. And, again, we write: what is AWS? And run this. And now we get another answer. So here we have some formatting. As you can see, this is bigger text. This is a title. We have different way of showing the information, the benefits, and so on. So here the input was more tokens, the output was less tokens, the latency was higher. So this model behaves differently. Now, some differences in between models is that, for example, this one accept attachments. So I could upload a file and ask a question directly about this file. So now I'm going to go back into Amazon Bedrock, and in here I'm going to do the image and video playgrounds. So here this is a way for you to generate images directly from within Bedrock. So let's choose, for example, Nova Canvas 1.0. We apply this. And here we can have different options. So we can say: what's the image size that we want? How many images do we want, the color palettes? Is there an image that we want it to look at? And so on. So different options. But of course let's just write something. So show me a person wearing an AWS backpack. And we run this. And now the images are going to be generated by the model based on the prompt you gave it. So here we go. We have three people wearing an AWS backpack. So the models can be working better in some instance, for example, the middle image, and doesn't work great on the last image because we don't really see the AWS logo. So it's up to you, but you have to try the model. So what we've seen here now is that, in Amazon Bedrock, we're able to discover the models through the model catalog and by provider and by capability. And we're able to test these models in the chat and text playground or the image and video playground. And that's it just to get started. But this is to show you how easy it is to access models on AWS. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.