Okay, so let's go back into our providers and do a little deeper dive. So as we can see, different companies and providers will offer different models, and the models will have different capabilities. So for example, if you choose Anthropic or Amazon or DeepSeek, or for example, Stability AI, you have different capabilities. So you're not supposed to understand which model can be used for what. And this is not what the exam will ask you, but it will ask you to understand what the model can and cannot perform. For example, if you're looking at a Claude 3.5 Haiku, this one, it's a good model for all these things, for text, mainly for text, right? But if you look at a model, for example, you look at the model from Amazon and you look at Nova Reel, this model is going to be used for text to video or image to video. So this is important because different models have different capabilities, but in terms of which model is better, this is not asked for you from the exam, of course. Okay, so now let's compare models. So we can go into Chat and Text playground. And you're going to open the compare mode on the top right; and we'll select a model from Amazon, for example, Nova Micro, and we'll select a model from Anthropic, for example, Claude 3.5 Sonnet. Okay, so you close this configuration window, and now we have the two models side by side. And as we can see, first thing is that we can see that Nova Micro does not support image upload. So if you upload an image, it's going to be ignored. So it's very important because, well, each model will have different capability, and this one is more pricey but also has the ability to look at images. So based on your use case, you will be able to figure out which model is the most appropriate. Now, if you ask the question, for example, what are the top AWS services, and you run it, each model is going to give you a specific answer. So here is the model Nova Micro that answered in a specific way, and it said EC2, S3, RDS, SageMaker, Lambda, VPC, EKS and so on. And here we have a list as well on Claude 3.5 Sonnet, which is a much longer list: we have 20 items and here we have 11. So as you can see, the the formatting and the way the information is presented is very different based on these models. And you can also compare the performance. So this model was seven input tokens, 512 output token, and it took this long; and this model was 15 input tokens, 393 output token, and it took this long. So it took about four times as long. So when you compare models, it's important to compare the quality of the outputs as well as the cost and time it took to get you this output. If you have something very simple, such as what is the capital of France, and you run this, I'm getting too many requests, but here we have the capital of France is Paris, and we get a long answer. And here we'll have another answer, here we go, with different formatting. So again, it's up to you to choose what formatting you like most, and if you like the extra information or not, if you want a shorter answer or not. And of course you can control all of these things. But it's important for you to see the type of models and the comparison between them. We can also have a look at customized models. To do so, on the left-hand side, click on Custom models. So here we have different things. We have three techniques: we have the reinforcement fine-tuning technique, we have the supervised fine-tuning, and distillation. And so for reinforcement learning, this is for complex multistep reasoning task. And you're going to have to select a model, add input data, and also add a reward function. For supervised fine-tuning. this is a way to adapt pretrained models to specific tasks using labeled data to improve the performance in specific domains. And distillation is a way for you to create a smaller, faster model by using a larger model; and this larger model is going to train the specialized student model. So different options in here, depending on the use case. But right now let me have a look at the option for supervised fine-tuning. So you click on Create and you click on Supervise fine-tuning job. And here you have to select a base model that you wish to customize. So for example, we can use Nova 2 Lite and apply this. And then you have to set up the hyperparameters, so how to train your datasets. So this is more like machine learning techniques, so I won't go over them too much. Then where is your input data? In Amazon S3. And where is the output data to store the validation results, metrics, logs, and training data. And then finally, you need to enter a service role name. And this will allow you to create a new custom model based on everything you have provided. So that's it. That's it for custom models. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.