Okay, so now, let's talk about how to fine-tune a model in Amazon Bedrock. The idea is that you want to adapt a copy of a foundation model with your own data, and fine-tuning is going to change the weights of the base foundation model. And so, therefore, it's going to be better adapted to your use case. The training data must adhere to a specific format and be stored in Amazon S3. So for example, let's take a model like Llama 2. We add Amazon S3 data, which is, for example, a prompt and a completion or just inputs. And then we're going to get a customized, fine-tuned Llama 2. Now, I'm going to walk you, in this lecture, through different methods we have to fine-tune these models. Not all modules can be fine-tuned, though, and the list is available in the documentation. The first option is called supervised fine-tuning. It's the easiest to understand: this improves the performance of a model on a specific task. For example, you're going to further train a model on a particular field or an area of knowledge. You're going to use labeled examples, and the exam may ask you about which method is with labeled examples. And so, you provide input and output pairs. For example, the labeled data may be, "Who is Stephane Maarek?" And then the answer is that, "I am the best AWS instructor who dedicates his time to make you pass your exams with flying colors." All right, so you may provide many of these prompts and completions, and that is the input data that supervised fine-tuning is expecting. The second option is reinforcement fine-tuning. So here, we improve our base model using feedback-based learning. In this case, we only provide the input data. So, which prompts do we want to be good at? And then we define a reward function that's going to evaluate the output of the model and judge which responses are good. So you take a model, you give it a prompt, and then it's going to generate not once, but several responses, for example, 10 or 15 responses. Then these responses are going to be passed into an external reward function, which is going to give a score to each of these responses. And this data is fed back into the model so that the model knows what a good and a bad answer were. How do we create this reward function? If it's something that can be objective, for example, a math computation or to look if a code is working or, you know, well-written, you can use Lambda, and you're going to write your own code. And the code will give the score at the end. If it's a subjective task, for example, it's a freeform text reply and it's more of a human-like type of subjective analysis that we must do, we can provide another model that's going to be called a judge model, and we provide it with evaluation instructions. And then the model, as I said, is going to iteratively learn from the reward function's output and will try to achieve higher score over times to make sure it does what it's supposed to be doing. Here's an example. We have a technical customer support chatbot, and the customer's prompt is, "My app is running very slow." Now, we're going to have a chatbot, so this is a subjective kind of evaluation. And so, therefore, I'm going to provide a judge model and we give it instructions. We want the users to feel empathy, and we want the chatbot to run diagnostics with the users. So let's say we pass this prompt, "My app is running very slowly," to the model. We're going to get three responses from it. "Restart the app," or, "That sounds frustrating. I can help you figure this out. Before we troubleshoot, can you tell me when it started and what you were doing at the time?" And response three is, "Please open a support ticket and attach logs A, B, and C." So, three different kinds of responses, all valid. But our judge model, based on the instructions we have given it, will provide a score. So the first one is helpful but superficial. So it solves some cases. There's no diagnosis, no learning, or trust being built, so it's a score of 5.0. The second one is on point, so it's going to get a score of 9.0. The last one is really not helpful; it creates friction, so it's going to get a score of 2.0. Now, the comment is just for us to understand why we get the score, but the judge model would just give the score. And so, these scores and these responses are going to be fed back into the model so that it understands what was and what wasn't a good response. To summarize, when you have supervised fine-tuning versus reinforcement fine-tuning, the idea is that for supervised fine-tuning, you provide the input and the output, and the model will learn from this. And with reinforcement fine-tuning, you only provide the inputs and a way to reward and judge these outputs. Several outputs are generated, and they're scored by this reward function, and this is an iterative process. You also have distillation. So here, we want to make models faster and smaller. The reason is usually cost-effectiveness and speed. So you can get up to 75% less expensive models than original models. You're going to get a decrease in accuracy because usually the bigger the model, the more accurate it is, but it's potentially acceptable for the cost reduction and the speed increase. So the larger model, called the teacher model, is going to transfer its knowledge to a smaller student model. So you're going to provide the prompts, the input data, and then out of all this input data, you're going to get all the responses from this larger teacher model. And these two things are going to be transferred and passed to the smaller model so it can learn from the input and the output of the larger model. Here you're going to get a smaller model, but it will behave similarly to the original model. And here again, the focus is efficiency, speed, and cost reduction. Now, when you retrain a foundation model, it requires a budget. Usually, supervised fine-tuning is going to be the cheapest because there are less computations. It also is most likely necessary to have a machine learning engineer to perform the task. You must prepare some data, you must do the fine-tuning, and evaluate the models. Also, running a fine-tuned model is more expensive than just running a base model normally. To run a model, you have two options. The first one is on-demand, and you're going to pay per token. The second one is to purchase provisioned throughputs, and you're going to be billed per month for the capacity that you have reserved. So the use cases of fine-tuning is, for example, to have a chatbot designed with a particular persona or tone or geared towards a specific purpose. For example, to do training with more up-to-date information than what the LLM previously accessed, or to train with your exclusive data. For example, historical emails or messages or records from customer interactions, or targeted use cases such as categorization and assessing accuracy. All right, that's it for fine-tuning. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.