So here are some machine-learning terms that you may encounter in the exam. You don't need to know a lot about them, just the executive summary. So don't stress it too much, but feel free to read this lecture once before your exam just in case. So if you see GPT, it means generative pre-trained transformer, and it's a model that's going to be able to generate human text or computer code based on input prompts. If you have BERT, again, it's a language model, and it's called bidirectional encoder representations from transformer. It has a similar intent to GPT, but this time it will read the text in two directions, making great for translation purposes. RNN is a recurrent neural network. It's a neural network specifically geared to process sequential data. So it could be, for example, time series data or texts. So it's going to be very helpful for speech recognition or to make time series prediction. ResNet is residual network, so it's a type of neural network called a deep convolutional neural network, CNN, and it's used for image recognition tasks, object detection, and facial recognition. So ResNet is for images. SVM is support vector machine. It's an ML algorithm used for classification and regression. WaveNet is a model used to generate raw audio waveform, hence the name WaveNet. So it's used in speech synthesis. And GAN, generative adversarial network, is a model used to generate synthetic data such as images, videos, or sounds that resemble the training data. So for example, a big use case of GAN is going to be data augmentation. So in the case that you have a training data set with underrepresented categories, then you may want to use GAN to actually generate fake data, but that's still going to be looking like your original data in order for your next model to have a trained data set that is going to be more balanced. You also have XGBoost, which is extreme gradient boosting, which is an implementation of gradient boosting and used for regressions. So all these things maybe seem to be visited very, very quickly, but it's necessary because they just appear maybe once at the exam. In my opinion, GPT, BERT, and GAN are going to be the ones you want to remember, but if you quickly remember that ResNet is for images, WaveNet is for audio, and GAN is for creating data augmentation, GPT and BERT are for language, very quickly at the exam, you're going to be able to say which are correct and which are incorrect by process of elimination or by just remembering this lecture. So that's it, no need to know too many details on those, just know their intent. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.