So now let's talk about training data in the context of machine learning. So in the context of machine learning, we need data to train our models. And on top of having data, we need good data. So good has to been defined, of course. But as an into effect, if you put bad data, it's called garbage. If you put garbage into your model, you're gonna get garbage out of your model, that means your model won't be good. So training data and clean the data and making sure that it is good for your use case is one, if not the most critical stage to build a good model. And there's several options to model a data and that will impact the type of algorithms you can use to train our models. So first I want to talk about labeled versus unlabeled data. Then we'll talk about structured versus unstructured data. So what is labeled data? Well, it's data that has both input features, and also output labels. So let's give an example. Here we have some images of animals, and each image is going to be labeled with the corresponding animal type. So here we have dogs, and here we have cats. So this is labeled data 'cause we have some input features. We'll have the image itself as an input feature, and then the output label corresponds to what the image is, so dogs or cats. So this is a very important one because when we have labeled data, we can do what's called supervised learning, where we are going to teach an algorithm to map inputs. So here the image to the known output, meaning, hey, this image should have a predicted value of dog, and we know it's a dog because we've labeled it. Unlabeled data is a little bit different. It's data that only includes input features without any output labels. So here again, we take the example, of say, a collection of images, but this time without any associate labels. So we have here three cats and three dogs, or four cats and two dogs, sorry. And here we don't say to the algorithm, "This is a dog or this is a cat." And here the algorithm will have to figure out that there is such thing as a cat and that four of these things are a cat, and two of these things are dogs. So unsupervised learning is a little bit more complicated, but here the algorithm itself is going to try to find patterns between things or structures in the data and then group them together. So very different use case, and obviously, the most simple thing is to have labeled data, but in some cases you have so much data that it is very costly or just simply impossible to label everything. And so therefore, you have a lot of unlabeled data. This is why in the field of machine learning, we have algorithm for both the use case of labeled data and unlabeled data. Next we have structured data. So here, that's when the data is organized in the structured format. Usually it's gonna be rows and columns, just like in Microsoft Excel. So it's called tabular data. And here we have three rows. One is the rows with the name of the columns, and then the other rows are the data itself. So here we have a customer's base, we have the Customer_ID, the Name, the Age, as well as the total Purchase_Amount. So this is structured data because while there is a big structure to it, we have rows and columns. Another kind of structured data you can encounter, for example, is going to be Time Series Data. So when you look, for example, at the stock price of a company, it looks like this. And so that means that it's data points collected or recorded at successive point in time. So you can have time series data in the tabular format, but it is also very common to just have it with two columns. One being the Date and then one being the Stock Price. So there are more ways to have structured data than Tabular Data or Time Series Data. But the important thing is that in both cases, it is very easy to read it and very easy to structure it. On the opposite end, we have unstructured data. This is data that doesn't follow a specific structure. Usually it's often text heavy or a multimedia content. So for example, text data, say you have an article online or a social media post or a customer review on your business, then this is considered unstructured data. For example, here is a review of a yoga class. So this is a long text. The instructor was excellent, the felt city was well maintained and so on. But it's just a review. There is no structure to it except the fact that it's just a long text. Image data, for example, is also unstructured data. For example, this is just pixels. But besides the pixels, we haven't collected or organized anything out of it. So both these, the type of data are still good data. They're just unstructured, and we have specific type of algorithm to deal with this unstructured data. So now we've learned about labeled and unlabeled data. We've learned about the necessity of having good data for your ML algorithms. We have discussed also structured and unstructured data. So now we're ready to go into the next lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.