So now that we learned about the data, let's talk about supervised learning. So here in this context of supervised learning, we're trying to figure out a mapping function for our model that can predict the output for new unseen input data. So to do supervised learning, you need labeled data. That means it's going to be very powerful. But as I said, it's going to be very difficult to have labeled data for millions of data points. But for example, say we are doing a regression on humans. And humans have a height and also have a weight. And so we can just have a little crosses for every human and put a weight and height. And so it will end up on this diagram. And then we can do a regression in which we try to find a straight line. This is called a linear regression. We try to find a straight line that sort of covers the trend of these data points. Of course, it's not perfect, but it's one way of doing it. We know that of course some humans can be very tall and very light, and others can be very tiny, and very heavy. But still it's one algorithm that we can apply to these data sets. And so once we have this red line that crosses our data sets, then we can ask the algorithm, "Hey, what is the weight of a person that is 1.6 meter tall?" And based on this regression, the way we're going to do is that we're going to look at the 1.6 value here. We're going to go all the way here to the red line and read the value, and it's going to be 60 kilograms. Now, you don't need to know this from an exam perspective, but I want to show you how you can use a machine learning algorithm to predict something. So here, for a height of 1.6 meter, we predict that the weight is going to be 60 kilogram. Now, for a classification, we have a different kind of algorithm. So say for example, we are again using heights and weights. And this time we put animals there. So we're going to have dogs, we're going to have cats and giraffes. And so as you can see, it's a very diverse data set. It's very possible that dogs and cats will have the same height and different weights, so it can be all over the place. But again, it's just one way of doing things. It's not perfect. And machine learning algorithms do get a little bit more advanced than this, but it's good for a learning purpose. Anyways, so we can see clearly that giraffes are going to be very tall and very heavy, and so they're gonna be heavily differentiated from dogs and cats. And so therefore, once we've classified things, and we ask the algorithm, "What animal is this?" And we give it a height of 4.5 meters and a weight of 800 kilograms, the classification model is going to say, "Well, based on the data you gave me, this looks like a giraffe." Here, we didn't get a regression, we did a classification because the output is not a value, but it is instead a continuous value, but it's then a category. So the classification says here you have a giraffe. So to summarize, a regression is to predict a numeric value based on input data. And the output variable that you're trying to predict is continuous. That means it can take any value within a range. So here this is when we try to predict a quantity or a real value. Again, another example is we have house sizes and price. And again, we do a linear regression, then we put the house size, and then we get the price from this linear regression. So here's some examples. So predicting house prices, predicting a stock, weather forecasting. And here I'm showing you a two-dimensional regression. But in practice, regressions can be a lot more complicated. They can be other things than linear, and they can be in more dimensions than two dimensions. But from a learning perspective, at least you see what a regression can be. From a classification purpose, this is to predict the categorical label of your input data. That means that the output variable is discrete, meaning that it has very distinct values, and each value is a specific category or class. So this is where you're trying to predict what it could be between different categories. So it could be use cases for fraud, for image classification, customer retention, diagnostics, and so on. So we have a binary classification. For example, when your emails are coming to your mailbox, they can be classified as spam, or not spam. So how does that work? Well, we're going to train a classification model. And for this, in our inbox, we have some emails that we know are not spam, and then we have some emails that we know are spam. Why? Because we have labeled them. We have defined that this email is not spam, and this email is spam. Again, we are dealing with labeled data. So all these labeled emails are gonna go into our classification model, which is going to learn what makes or what doesn't make a email, an inbox or a spam email. And therefore, whenever your classification model, after being trained, sees a new incoming email, is going to have a look and say, "Well, based on what I know, I'm going to classify this email, for example, as spam." And this is how spam filters work nowadays. We have multi-class classifications. So for example, you have different kinds of, not just two categories, but a lot more. For example, mammal, bird and reptile and multi-label. This is where, for example, you don't want to have one label attached to an output, but multiple ones. So a movie for example, can be both an action movie and also a comedy. And a machine learning algorithm you may have is the K-nearest neighbors, k-NN model used for classification. Okay, so now in our case of supervised learning, what do we have? We have the training versus the validation versus the test sets. So here's our data sets. And usually 80% is going to be used to train the model. So 60 to 80%. And the idea is that you're going to, for example, if you have 1,000 images, get 800 labeled images, and you're going to train your algorithm, train your model on these 800 labeled images. And how do we know if our model is working correctly? Well, we can use a validation set. And this is to tune what's called the model parameters and validate the performance. So this is how to tune the algorithm so that it performs best. And here this is 10%, 20% of the data sets. And for example, if you have 100, 1,000 images, then 100 label images could be used to tune the algorithm and make it more efficient. And finally, we have the test sets. And this is where we actually test and evaluate the final model performance. So here we are going to detect between, again, 10 to 20% of the dataset. And we're going to just submit the remaining images that haven't been used for training or for validation. And we're going to test the model's accuracy. So, for example, I give an image of a cat, and if I get labeled cat as an outcome, then this is a good test, and I know that my model is working as it should. But of course, we do this on a lot more data points to make sure that our test set is working. So very important for you to know that we have training sets versus validation sets versus test sets when you split a data set for training a machine learning algorithm. Also, how do we prepare data for our algorithms? Then we have what's called feature engineering. So it's the process of using domain knowledge to select and transform raw data into meaningful features. And that helps enhancing the performance of machine learning models. So for example, here is a dataset in which we have structured data with labels. But actually one column, the column birth date, is not very nice and easily usable from a machine learning perspective because it's sparse data. Instead, maybe something that can be more relevant after doing feature engineering is to convert this birth date column into an age column, which is easier to use from a machine learning perspective and to extract valuable information out of. So this whole transformation of data is called feature engineering. So technique employed could be feature extraction. For example, to derive the age from the date of birth. It could be feature selection. For example, to select a subset of relevant features, to choose only the important features in our data sets. Or feature transformation. To transform data and to change the values to have a better model performance. So this is very, very helpful, especially when you do supervised learning. So we can do feature engineering on structured data. For example, let's say we have, again, we want to predict the house prices based on size, location, and number of rooms. And for example, a task we could do to create a feature would be to create a new column named price per square foot. That could be a nice feature. Or feature selection. For example, identifying the only important features such as location or number of bedrooms. Or feature transformation. We want to make sure that all the features are on the same range so that we can have some algorithms converge faster. I wanna stay high level because I don't wanna go too deep into it, but this is how you do feature engineering on structured data, and that's enough from an exam perspective. And you can also do feature engineering on unstructured data. So again, for example, long form text or images. And for example, you can do sentiment analysis of customer reviews to extract the sentiments from a long text. And this would be your features. So we can also use some advanced techniques such as TF-IDF to convert text into numerical features. Or for image data, we can extract features such as the edges or the textures using some neural networks. Again, to create nice features for image data and to feed that into other algorithms. So you can see how we can start to train our machine learning algorithms. So that's it for feature engineering. Just know, I think from an example, especially that it exists, and it's used to create new input labels so that we can have our machine learning algorithms perform better. All right, that's it. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.