So now let's talk about unsupervised learning. So this is machine learning algorithms made on data that is unlabeled. So here data is unlabeled, but we're trying to discover inherent patterns, structures, or relationships within the input data. And the machine learning algorithm will create the groups itself. And us as humans have to interpret what these groups may mean. So there are several techniques for unsupervised learning, such as clustering, association rule learning, as well as anomaly detection. You don't need to know them from an exam perspective, I'm just going to give you a quick overview of those, but it's just to give you knowledge, but not necessarily going to be relevant for the exam. Just for you to really understand what unsupervised learning means. So for example, say we have data points and we plot them again on two axes, and it looks like they can be grouped into three categories. So for example, for clustering, we can do customer segmentation. Imagine every dot is a customer. It looks like we have three distinct group of customers, or for example, we're trying to group them so we can do targeted marketing. So for one group, we'll send them specific emails for another group, another type of emails, and the last one, another type of email, or what can we recommend to each group and so on. So unsupervised learning is great on unlabeled data, but of course, feature engineering can still help, because we can have more features in our input datasets and therefore get better quality algorithms. So clustering is about to group data points, because they look similar. So this is when we have, for example, customer segmentation, the scenarios that you have all your customers and you want to understand the different purchasing behaviors. And therefore, we're going to look at all the customer purchase history, and we're going to try to identify groups of customers based on their purchasing behavior. So at a high level, for example, one customer or many customers buy pizza, chips and beer, others will buy baby shampoo and baby wipes, and others will buy fruits and vegetables. So they look like very different categories of people, maybe the first one, or people who like to, who can be students, for example. The second one could be new parents. And the last one could be vegetarians. It could be just one way of modeling it. And so the model is going to plot all these customers and figure out, it looks like there are three groups, 1, 2, and 3. And it's up to us to name what group 1, group 2, and group 3 may be. So why do we do this? Well, for example, now that we have three groups, we can send them different marketing campaigns and do different marketing strategies based on what they're likely to purchase next. We have also the association rule learning technique. So here we want to understand which products are frequently bought together in a supermarket. So we're going to look at all the purchases and we're gonna try to identify if there are associations between some products in order maybe to place them better in our supermarkets or to run promotions together. So there's a technique called the Apriori algorithm. And for example, we can figure out that when someone buys bread, they most likely also wanna buy butter. And so maybe it's a great idea to put bread and butter together in the supermarkets. So the outcome is that now the supermarket knows which products can be sold together and therefore place them next to each other in a supermarket in order to, well, boost sales. We can use unsupervised learning as well to do fraud detection. For example, we want to detect fraudulent credit card transactions. And so we have transaction data including amount, location, and time. And we want to see which transactions are very, very different from typical behavior. So there's a technical isolation forest, but as an idea, like here we have three groups of very normal transactions, but then there is something that looks like it's very different from everything else we've seen. It's called an outlier. And therefore, with this technique, we can flag the system to review this transaction to see if it's potentially fraudulent, and then do further investigation. And as an outcome, if it is fraud, we can also label it as fraud, which is going to help our algorithm later on to identify fraud in a much easier way. Next, we have semi-supervised learning. So we've seen unsupervised, we've seen supervised, and there is in between called semi-supervised learning. The idea is that we have a small amount of labeled data and then we are going to have a large amount of unlabeled data. That is very realistic, because labeling data can be expensive. So once we have this, we're going to train our model on labels. And then once we have the unlabeled data, we're going to use the model to actually label the unlabeled data. This is called pseudo-labeling. And then once everything is labeled, then we're going to retrain the entire model on the whole dataset, because now everything is going to be labeled. And so therefore, next time when we run our algorithm and then we have unlabeled data that comes in, the model can just reply, "It's an Apple!" So it's mixing labels to create labels on unlabeled data and then, retrain the model to have a full supervised learning model. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.