Okay, so now let's talk about Self-Supervised Learning. So this is a bit of an odd one, but the idea is that we have a model and we have a lot of unlabeled data, for example, text data. We want the model to generate its own pseudo-labels on its own, without having humans label any data first, because labeling data as humans can be very expensive. So here, we are not doing unsupervised learning because we're actually getting labels out of it, and then we're going to solve supervised learning tasks, but we don't label any of the data first, we expect the data to label itself. So it's a bit of an odd one, of course, and the implementations can be quite complicated, but I'll do my best to explain. So here, let's imagine we have a huge amount of text data, and it's a lot of texts, and the text makes sense to us because it has the right structure, the right grammar, and so on. And so using self-supervised learning techniques, and I will show you some of them in the next slide, then we're going to have a model that will learn on its own the English language, the grammar, the meaning of words, and the relationship between words, without us telling and writing out, "What is the meaning of word, what is the grammar?" And so on, which is quite amazing. So once we have this model, then we can solve other problems that we can traditionally solve with supervised learning. For example, once we have this model, we can, for example, create a summarization task. So this technique of self-supervised learning is what actually allowed a lot of the new models in AI to come out, such as GPT models, or image recognition tasks, and so on. So let me try to explain intuitively how that works. So the idea is that in self-supervised learning, you have what's called "pre-text tasks." And the idea is that we're going to give the model simple tasks to solve and to learn patterns in data sets. So if we take an extract of our Unlabeled Data Sets, for example, this sentence, "Amazon Web Services, AWS is a subsidiary of Amazon and so on,' we're going to create a pre-text task in which we're saying, "Hey, we're going to have to predict what is going to be the next word, or what's going to be the missing word." For example, we have "Amazon Web," and the next word is going to be "Services," or "that provides on-demand cloud, and then the next word is "computing." Or, for example, we can fill in the blanks, for example, "API to individuals," blank, "and governments. on a metered pay-as-you-go basis." And again, the word to fill is companies. So as you can see from a lot of unlabeled data, we can create a ton of pre-task tasks, and we're going to train our model on those. So, of course, predicting the next word may not be very useful, but actually, by having these very simple tasks that the model can solve without us creating labels in the first place, like human-generated labels, because all these labels in X and Y are generated by computers, and then we can, for example, train on predicting the parts of any input from any other parts, or the future from the past or the masked from the visible, or any occluded apart from all available parts. And then once we solve these pre-test tasks, and there can be many of those, then the model internally will have created its own internal representation of the data and will have created its own pseudo-labels. And so therefore, once we have done a lot of the pret-ext tasks, for example, our label now knows how to understand texts, and grammar, and meaning of words, and then we can ask it more useful tasks, and they're called downstream tasks, and that's the idea behind self-supervised learning. So it's my best explanation of it, it's a complex topic, something that can be quite technical at some points, but the idea is that you have the model generate its own pseudo-labels by using pre-text tasks, and that's it. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.