So now let's talk about reinforcement learning. So the idea, for example, here we have a maze and we're trying to train an AI to find the exit of a maze. So reinforcement learning is a type of machine learning where an agent is going to learn and make decision by performing action in an environment and maximize what's called cumulative reward. So we're going to define what is a reward. So the key concepts here is that you have the agent, that's the little robot right here, that's the learner or decision maker. The environment is the maze, that's the external system that the agent is interacting with. And the action is the choices made by the agents. So in the setting of a maze, for example, is to go up, to go left, to go right, to go down. The reward is the type of feedback that the environment is going to provide based on the agent's action. For example, for this maze, we're going to assign numbers. We're going to give -1 as a reward, so negative 1, whenever the robot walks somewhere and there is no wall, it's just a normal place to walk to, so it's good. We're gonna give it -10 if the robot is walking into a wall. And we're going to to give it +100 if the robot is able to find the exit. So, of course, because the robot wants to maximize rewards and it needs to find the shortest path to the exit. And the longest it takes to find the path, the more points it will lose. And of course, if it walks into a wall, it's going to lose points even faster, so we're going to teach the robot not to walk into walls. The state is also the current situation of the environment, what it looks like and what is available. And the policy is a strategy used by the agent to determine what action to take based on the state. And the idea is that the robot is going to do many, many, many simulations and over time it's going to get better because it's going to learn from its mistake by maximizing the reward function. So here we go, so here is the learning process. The agent is going to have a look at the environment and the current state. It was going to select an action based on the strategy, the policy. So, for example, go up, go down, go left, go right, and so on. And then the transition is going to transition the environment. And then the environment is going to transition into a new state and provide a reward to the agent, so it could be -1, -10, +100 in our previous example. Then the environment will be in a new state, and then the agent is going to update its policy once it has figured out the exit to improve future decisions. And so we go again in this learning process over and over and over again until the agent will run maybe a thousand or a million simulations, and then the agent will have learned how to properly navigate the maze. So here the goal of the agent really is to maximize the cumulative reward over time. So here, how it looks for example for our little maze. So here we have to train the robot over time to navigate this maze. So the steps is at the first the robot is going to observe its position, that's the state. Then it's going to choose a direction to move in, that's the action. And then it's going to receive reward, it's going to be -1 to take a step, 10 to hit a wall, and +100 if going to the exits. And then over time, of course, the robot is going to first move randomly, but at some point it will find the exits. And then once it's found the exit, it's going to update its policy based on what it has learned from its movement and then try again. And over time the robot will learn to navigate the maze more efficiently. There is a cool YouTube channel that I would recommend for you to watch called AI Warehouse. And the idea is that this person trains AI based on reinforcement learning based on different factors, and you actually see the AI visually getting better at doing some kind of actions. So let me just show you an extract, but I invite you to watch this video if you're curious. So here we have the AI in this video and the AI is moving randomly and learning how to navigate the environment. And it's going to gain points if it hits the green little of things on the floor. And so over time, it's going to get better to learn how to jump, to learn how to go to the green thing. And you can see, there are many, many different iterations being done in this video, and over time it's going to learn how to move. And so it's quite interesting because well after many, many iterations, as you can see, it's able to find the exits and move on to the next puzzle. And over time, of course, things are getting more complicated for the AI, which is going to keep on learning what it can and cannot do. And it's a very interesting video because you can really visually see how the AI is getting better after so many iterations, and that is the whole process of reinforcement learning explained in a visual way. So what is reinforcement learning used for? Well, it's used for gaming to teach an AI to play very complex games, such as chess and go, or robotics to teach robots how to navigate and manipulate objects in a dynamic environment, for finance, for portfolio management, and training strategies for healthcare to optimize treatment plans, and for autonomous vehicles, for path planning and decision-making. So that's it for reinforcement earning. I hope now you understand what it means. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.