So now that we've seen reinforcement learning, let's look at reinforcement learning from human feedback. So the idea is that you want to use human feedback to help the machine learning models to self-learn more efficiently. So we know that in reinforcement learning now there is a reward function, but now we want to actually incorporate human feedback directly in the reward function to be more aligned with human goals, wants, and needs. So the model responses are going to be compared to the human responses, and the human is going to assess the quality of the model's responses. And so RLHF is actually used a lot in GenAI applications, including LLM models because it significantly enhances the model performance. For example, you are grading text translations from just technically correct, yes, the translation does make sense, but it doesn't sound very human. So this is where human feedback is very important. So here's where you need to pay attention, of course, the whole course, but here as well. So say you want to build an internal company knowledge chatbot, but you want to align it with RLHF. So on the data collection, you're going to get a set of human-generated prompts and ideal responses. For example, "Where is the location of the HR department in Boston?" So this is a human prompt, and also, we'll create a human response for it. Then we're going to get a language model, and we are going to do supervised fine-tuning to allow it to get our internal company data. So we're going to find it with an existing model with internal knowledge. And then the model is going to create responses for the very same human prompts that we had before. And now, we've seen that we have metrics available to us. So we can compare the responses mathematically between the human-generated answer, as well as the computer-generated answer, the model-generated answer. Next, we are going to build a separate reward model. So this is an AI model just for the reward function. And so how do you build a model? Well, humans are gonna go and they're gonna get two responses from a model, just different responses. And they're going to indicate which one they prefer from the same prompt. And so over time, the model will know how to fit a human preference. And so the reward model knows now how to automatically, how a human would choose. And therefore, we can optimize the initial language model now thanks to the reward-based model because we are going to use that model as a reward function for reinforcement learning. And that part can be fully automated because, well, the human feedback has been part of creating the reward model. So a diagram to show you. This is coming directly from the AWS website. So first, is a supervised fine-tuning. So we're going to collect data, and then we're going to fine-tune our base LLM into a fine-tuned LLM. Then we're going to train a separate reward model. So here, we're going to have different answers. And then a human is going to say, "I prefer answer one to answer two." And then automatically, this model is going to be trained. And then we're going to do another layer of supervised fine-tuning from the base language model, but now, using this new model, the rewards model. And then finally, we can combine these two things together so that the policy and the answer generated out of step three for the reinforcement learning strategy is going to be judged automatically by the rewards model. And so the training is going to be fully automated, yet aligned with human preferences. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. I would be you, I would remember these four steps right here. Data collection, supervised fine-tuning, building a separate reward model, and then optimizing the language model with a reward-based model. But understanding the basic idea behind RLHF is going to get you most likely all the points at the exam on these questions. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.