So now let's talk about model fits and bias and variance. So in case your model has a poor performance, it could be for various reasons, then you need to look at what's called its fit. So we have overfitting, this is when your model is performing very well on the training data, but it doesn't perform well on the evaluation data. So here's an example of overfitting, where we have a lot of points and we just have a line that just links all these points. So, of course, this is going to work great on the training data because we are always predicting the point itself. But when we look at new data, which is not part of the training dataset, it is 100% sure that it will fall outside of this line. And therefore, we are overfitting. We're trying too hard to reduce the error on the training data. On the opposite end, you have underfitting. Underfitting is that the model is performing very poorly on the training data. So that means like, for example, on these data points right here, we have a horizontal line. This is a very bad model. It doesn't look at all like what the data is shaping like. And so it could be a problem of having a model that's too simple or you have very poor data features. What you're striving for is balanced. Balanced is neither overfitting or underfitting, and it looks something like this. This is a very balanced model. Of course, you have some error based on training data, but it looks like you are fully following closely the trend of your data. So remember overfitting, underfitting, and balanced, which brings me to bias and variance. So what is bias? Bias is the difference or the error between the predicted value and the actual value. And bias occurs normally because we can make, for example, the wrong choice in the machine learning process, but do you always have some bias. Here, for example, let's take our datasets, and we have a horizontal line to predict the data points. Obviously, it's a very bad choice, and so we are going to have a very high bias because the model doesn't closely match the training data. So this can happen, for example, when you have a linear regression, but your dataset is non-linear, it doesn't follow a straight line type of trend. So this is considered as underfitting when you have a very high bias. And some people like a visualization where you have like a circle, and this is like, imagine a dart board, and you're good if you hit the truth. The truth is in a center. If you have high bias, basically, you're going to be far from the truth every time, and so your data points are going to be away from the center. This is a high bias. So how do we reduce the bias? Well, of course, we can improve the model. Maybe use a more complex model that will fit better our datasets, or increase the number of features in case our data is not prepared well enough, and therefore, we need new features to predict and have a good machine learning model. On the next, we have variance. And variance represents how much the performance of a model will change if it's trained on a different dataset which has a similar distribution. So let me explain. If we take a dataset like this and we have something that is overfitting, we are going to try to match every single point, then as soon as we change the training data, then our model is going to change a lot. It's going to be very sensitive to changes. And so when you're overfitting, you're performing well on training data, but poorly on unseen test data, and therefore, you have very, very high variance. So when you have high variance, that means that your data is all over the place. It could be centered, like on average, things converge to the center, could be a low bias, but you have a lot of variance because if you change your model, then things will change. So how do you reduce the variance? Then you consider less features. You only consider the more important features. And you split the data into multiple sets into training and test data multiple times. So let me show you a representation so you can understand. This is overfitting and we have high variance. Again, to summarize, if we change the input dataset, our model is going to change completely. Underfitting is when you have high bias. Here, our model is not good. We have a lot of error on prediction of every of these data points. So it's not good. So what you're striving for is balanced. Balanced is low bias, low variance. Of course, you're going to have some variance because if you change your training dataset, your model is going to change, but, hopefully, only slightly. And, of course, you're going to have low bias and some bias because, well, your model is never perfect. You can't predict everything 100% of the time. But we want to have a balance between bias and variance. There's another type of visualization you can have to understand those. So this is a matrix of low variance, high variance, as well as high bias and low bias. And so the balanced use case is when you have low bias and low variance. And so all your data points are going to be in the center with a low variance. So all of them are going to be very well-centered. If you have a high bias but a low variance, you are underfitting. Again, that means that your data is wrong on average, but your model doesn't really change if you change your training datasets. And on the opposite end, if you have low bias and high variance, that means that you are overfitting. And that means that, for example, if you change your training dataset, then, your variance, your model is going to change tremendously. And finally, high bias, high variance, you just don't have a good model and you don't want to use it anyway. So, hopefully, you remember this from an exam perspective, understanding what is bias and what is variance, as well as underfitting, overfitting, and balanced is going to be very important. So hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.