Okay, so now let's talk about some of the metrics we can look at to evaluate our models. So let's take the example of a binary classification. So here we have the true value. So we know from our label data if an email is spam or not spam. And then, our model is going to make predictions. So, for example, the first email is correctly classified as spam, the second one is spam, but actually it wasn't spam. Here we're wrong as well. Here we're right here, we're right, and here we're wrong. So we have the true values, and then what our model predicted. And we can compare these two and make what's called a confusion matrix. So a confusion matrix is to look at what the predictive value was. Was it positive? So was it spam or negative? Was it not as bad? And then, we compare it to the actual value of being positive or negative, because we know this from our training datasets. So we have, on the top-left, true positives. That means that the predictive value is positive and the actual value was positive. But, on the top-right, we have false negatives. That means that we predicted it to be not spam, but actually it was spam. On the bottom-left, you have a false positive. So we thought it was spam, but actually it wasn't spam. And, on the bottom-right, we have true negative, which is that we predicted it was not spam and actually it was not spam. So we want to obviously maximize the number of true positives and true negatives and minimize the number of false positive and false negatives. And how do we make this matrix? Well, we're just going to look at our datasets. So we have 10,000 things we're trained on and what we're predicting on, and we're going to just count how many of these 10,000 fall in each category of this confusion matrix. Then we have some metrics on top of it that we can compute. The first one is called the precision. So we are looking at the number of true positives divided by the sum of true positives and false positives. So it's called precision because we're saying, "Hey, if you make the assumption that we find positives, how precise are you? How many times are you right about the positives versus how many times are you wrong about the positives?" So this is what the precision metric is doing. Recall is looking at true positives divided by true positives plus false negatives. And here we're saying, "Okay, how many times do you need to actually walk back," so recall, "your decision?" Then we have F1, which is two times the precision times the recall divided at precision plus the recall, which is a metric that's widely used for the confusion matrix. And, finally, we have the accuracy, and here's the formula, but it's rarely used. You don't need to remember now the formula, you barely need to remember what the metrics mean. But what you need to remember is that the precision, the recall, the F1, and the accuracy are metrics used to evaluate the accuracy of a binary classification, and this is what the exam will test you on. But I want to give you always a little bit of information so you understand what these mean. So the confusion matrix can also be multi-dimension. So that means that you can have multiple category for a classification and create a confusion matrix. So the purpose, from an exam perspective, of a confusion matrix is to evaluate the performance of the model that does classifications. Again, what metrics to choose best depends on what you're looking for, but precision is going to be best when false positives are costly, recall is going to be best when false negatives are costly. The F1 score is going to give you a balance between precision and recall, especially when you have an imbalanced dataset. And accuracy is rarely used, but only used for balanced datasets. What is a balanced dataset? It's a dataset that has a balanced level of classification for each categories. But if you're looking at spam and not spam for example, this is not a balanced dataset. Another metric you will see is AUC-ROC. So area under the curve for the receiver-operator curve. So it's a bit more complicated, but again, just remember the name, should be enough for the exam. But the value is from zero to one, one being the perfect model, and is going to compare sensitivity, so the true positive rates, to one minus specificity, which is the false positive rates. So here are the two axes. The first, the vertical axis, is saying how often your model has classified actual spam as spam, this is sensitivity. And then, the last one is how often is your model classifying not spam as spam? And so we are going to have a look at the curve of this, and we have like multiple models that can look like this. And model three, for example, the straight line is for a random model. And the more your model is accurate, the more the curve is going to lean towards the top-left. And so you're going to AUC is the area under the curve, so how much area is going to be under the curve that we draw? And to draw this line, and I'm trying to be as simple as possible, you're going to look in your model at various thresholds and you are going to make the threshold vary with multiple confusion matrices, and then you're going to plot this over time. And so when you want to compare what is the right threshold and what is the right model for you, this is a very good one, the AUC-ROC, so the area under the curve. Now, I went very quickly over it, but don't worry, it's just a way for you to say and to know that these curves, AUC-ROC, are looked at very heavily when trying to choose the best model for your binary classification. Now, if we look at a regression, how do we evaluate it? Well, remember this is the case of, for example, a linear regression. So we have our data points, and we're trying to understand what a line could represent these data points, and so we want to measure its accuracy by measuring the error, and the error is the sum of the distance between what the predictive value would've been and what the actual value is. So we have a different way of defining this error. And, again, just need to remember the names of the metrics, not necessarily how they work, but one is called the MAE, the mean absolute error, to compute the difference between the predicted and the actual value as a mean, so the absolute values. And then, you divide by how many values you have. Here we have the mean absolute percentage error. So here, instead of computing the actual difference of values, you compute how far off you are as a percentage. So it's the same idea, but this time you compute the average of these percentages. So MAE, MAPE, then you have the RMSE, root mean squared error, so the formula is a little bit more complicated. Here it is, but again, I don't wanna go too deep over it, especially if you don't have a math background. But the idea here is that you're trying to smooth out the error. And, again, RMSE is a way to evaluate the error for your regressions. And, finally, you have R squared, which is going to have a look at the variance in your model. And if your R squared is close to one, that means that your predictions are good. I'll try to keep it as simple as possible. From an exam perspective, just remember that MAE, MAPE, RMSE, and R squared are metrics used to give the quality of a regression and to see if it's going to be acceptable for us or not. And, of course, from a model optimization standpoint, we're going to try to minimize these errors' metrics so that we know that our model is accurate. So another word about these metrics, so MAE, MAPE, RMSE, R squared are all metrics used to evaluate models that predict a continuous value, for example, a regression. So, from an exam perspective, if you see a classification, you want to look into the metrics such as the one provided by the confusion matrix, accuracy, precision, recall, and so on, and F1. But if you're looking at a regression, something that provides you a continuous value, then you want to look at the metrics I just gave you right now. So imagine, for example, that you're trying to predict how well students did on the test based on how many hours they study. So if you look at error, measurements, metrics, such as MAE, or MAPE, or RMSE, then they're going to see how accurate the model is. For example, if your RMSE is five, that means that, on average, your model predictions are going to be about five points off from the actual student score. So it's very easy to quantify because we're saying, "Hey, the error is going to be about five." So easy to measure, easy to talk about. For R squared it's a little bit more difficult to understand, but it measures the variance. What does that mean? For example, if you have R squared of 0.8, that means that the 80% of the changes in the test scores can be explained by how much the students studied, which was our input feature. So that means that the number of hours they study can explain 80% of their score, and the remaining 20% can be due to other factors such as natural ability or luck. And, for example, these factors may not be captured by your model because they are not features in your model. So if you get a very good R squared close to one, that means that you can explain almost everything of the variance of the target variable thanks to the input features you have. So that's it for this lecture. By now, you should be able to understand which metrics are for classification and which metrics are for regression, and understand, at a high level, what these metrics do, and that should get you all the points you need at the exam. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.