So we have learned a lot about machine learning from a technical standpoint, but now let's talk about the implementation standpoint. So what are the phases of a machine learning project? So in this slide I'm going to show you a diagram, and then in the next slide I'm going to do a detail on this diagram. So first we need to identify a business problem we wanna solve. Then we frame that problem as a machine learning problem. Then we collect data and prepare this data. We go through a phase of feature engineering to transform the data into having features that can be helpful from a machine learning perspective. And then once we have prepared our dataset, we go into the machine learning part. So we're going to do model training, and then we are going to tune the parameters of the model that means how our algorithm is working. And then we're going to evaluate the model. So is it working on our test dataset? Do we get the results that we want? And next we ask ourselves the question, are the business goals met? If not, then we need to of course enhance the data to have more data or to have it better prepared. So if we need more data, we can do what's called data augmentation or if we want to improve the features, we can do feature augmentation. The idea is that you will do this process over and over and over again. And of course you're going to change your model if need be, and tune it better up until you have a satisfactory model. Once the model is satisfactory, you're going to test it and then you're going to deploy it. And once it's deployed, your users can do it. So it starts making predictions. And this predictions are certain users, but we wanna make sure that even though our users are getting predictions, that we are monitoring and debugging our model because it is possible that the predictions sometimes will be not good or that it will drift, or that things will change over time. So monitoring and debugging is a super important phase. And as we make predictions if they are correct, we want to add this data to our original data sets to make it even better and to retrain our model. So there is a sort of loop that goes on where this new data helps with data collection, it helps with feature engineering, and it helps with the model training. And so this is the phases of machine learning project. Now, I'm going to do a little deeper dive on all of these, but it should be pretty self-explanatory. So to define business goals, you must have the stakeholders of your project define the value, budget, and success criteria of your project. And you define a KPI a key performance indicator that is critical. Once you have this, you want to frame the problem as a machine learning problem. So there's a conversion that needs to happen, and we need to determine if machine learning is actually an appropriate solution to solve that problem, because sometimes it is not. So this is when the data scientists, the data engineers and the machine learning architects and any subject matter experts will collaborate to figure out all these things, how to convert the business problem into a machine learning problem. And if machine learning is appropriate. Once it is a machine learning project, then we need to do data processing. So we need to collect data and convert it into a usable format, and we need to make it centrally accessible in one place so that we can really analyze it all at once. Then we need to understand our data. So we need to pre-process it and also do data visualization to understand the type of data we are dealing with. And finally, before we go into machine learning algorithm, we need to do feature engineering. That means creating, transforming, and extracting variables out of the data. Once the data is ready, we go into model development. So here we train our model, we tune it, and we evaluate it against our data sets for example, our test data sets. It's a very iterative process, and as you develop your model, it's for sure going to feed back into your data processing because these two processes are very intertwined. So you're going to do additional feature engineering, and you're going to tune the model hyper parameters. They are the parameters that define how the algorithm is working. And just as a little note, one phase that is part of the beginning of your machine learning project is the exploratory data analysis phase. So this is where you're going to explore data, you're going to compute statistics, but also visualize the data with graphs to really understand the shape it has and how influential it is. And also you may want to build what's called a correlation matrix, which looks like this. So you look at all your variables, all your features, and you're going to compute how linked they are. So for example, if we compare how we studied to the test score, we can see 0.85. That means that whenever the hour studies are increasing, the test score is also increasing a lot. So they're positively correlated. It's not one because one would explain it perfectly, but it gives you an idea. And for example, if you sleep a lot, then you're going to have also a better test score. And also there's a correlation between our studies and sleep hours and so on. So this is just an example, but it helps you decide which features can be important in your model and how correlated they are. Next we are retrained. So if we retrain, we look at the data and the features to improve the model, and we adjust again the model training hyper parameters, then we deploy. So if the results are good, the model is going to be deployed and ready to make inferences. That means ready to make predictions for your users. And we select a deployment model. We'll see multiple ones. We've seen about real time, we've seen about batch, but you have serverless asynchronous on premises. So you select the deploy model you need, and then you go into monitoring. So that means deploying a system that will check if your model is operating at the desired level of performance. And with monitoring systems, you can do early detection of problems and also early mitigation of problems so that your users are not impacted. It's good to debug issues and also understand the model's behavior once deployed to production and iterations. So the model must be continuously improved and refined as new data becomes available because requirements may change. For example, imagine that you're doing something around clothing prediction. What is true today in terms of clothing trends may not be true in 10 years. People may wear different types of clothes. And so of course, retraining your model and making sure to monitor requirements is very important to do your iteration and making sure the model is accurate and relevant over time. So that's it. I hope you liked this lecture. Now you know how to conduct properly a machine learning project. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.