I also want to mention hyperparameter tuning in greater details. So, what is a hyperparameter? Well, it's the settings that define the model structure and the learning algorithm and process. So, it sets before the training begins. And different types of hyperparameters could be, for example: learning rate, batch size, number of epochs, and regularization. So, what does that mean? Learning rate is how fast you want the model to incorporate new data. Batch size is how many data points to consider at a time. Number of epochs is how many times you want to iterate on your model until you say you've converged to a good result. And regularization, to see how flexible the model should be. And so, these parameters don't have anything to do with your data, it's just about the algorithm you're using to train your model. And so therefore, you can do hyperparameter tuning because to have the best model performance, to optimize it, it's also a matter of finding the best hyperparameter values. And so by doing tuning, we're going to improve the model accuracy, reduce overfitting, and enhance generalization. So, how to do it? Well, you have several algorithms. For example, grid search or random search, or you can use services such as SageMaker Automatic Model Tuning, AMT, we'll see this again in this course to perform hyperparameter training, but it is a very important part of a machine learning project. So let's learn about the important hyperparameters that can come up at the exam so that you know if they're correct or not for answer. So we have the learning rate and this represents how large or small the steps are going to be when you update the model's weight during training. So if you have a higher learning rate, that means that your model is going to have a faster conversions, but there is a risk of you to overshoot the optimal solution because, well, you're going too fast for learning. And if you have a lower learning rate, it may be more precise and have the conversions to the optimal solution, but it may be slower. So, it's up to you to, of course, tune this hyperparameter. The batch size is how many training examples are used to update the model's weight during one iteration. So if you have a smaller batch size, it can lead to a more stable learning experience, but require more time to compute. And if you have a larger batch size, then it may be faster to go through your model, but it may lead to less stable updates. And for a number of epochs, this is to how many times the model is going to be iterating over the entire training dataset. So in the machine learning process, you're going to go many, many times over your entire dataset. We don't know with what batch has yet or with what learning rate, but number of epochs represent how many times you will go over the entire dataset. So if you have too few epochs, you will have underfitting. And if you have too many, you may cause overfitting because you're trying really, really hard to fit the data to the dataset you have by going many, many times over. You also have the regularization hyperparameter. So to make it super simple, it's to adjust the balance between a simple and a complex model. And the idea and what you should know for the exam is that if you want to reduce overfitting, then you need to increase the amount of regularization in your model. So these hyperparameters have no right or wrong type of answers. It's more about understanding what they are impacting and what they can lead to. And, of course, the role of a machine learning engineer, for example, or a data scientist, will be to tune and optimize these hyperparameters. So, what happens if you have overfitting? Well, overfitting is when the model is going to give you great predictions for the training datasets, but not for new data in production. So it can occur due to many things. For example, if your training data size is too small and does not represent all the possible values, then you will have overfitting. Or if you train for too long, so for too many epochs on a single sample set of data, again, this may lead to overfitting. Or if the model complexity is very high, it's going to actually learn not just from the features that are the most important, but also from the noise within the training data, and therefore, again, doing overfitting. So, how can you prevent overfitting? Well, a very easy way is for you to increase the training data size. That means that you're going to have a dataset that is going to be much more representative of all the possible values for your production data. Also, early stopping of the training of the model. So doing more epochs is not going to help with overfitting, opposite direction instead. And if you don't have enough diversity in your datasets, you may want to do data augmentation. And, again, we can adjust the hyperparameters, but you cannot add new hyperparameters. There are things fixed in time. So we have the learning rate, the batch size and the epochs, and we can try adjusting them. But usually, it's not the primary answer. The best answer is going to be to increase the training data size. Finally, you can try ensembling to combine multiple models to get more accurate results. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.