So in this video, what we're going to do is we're going to set up three virtual machines on a mac OS operating system using Apple silicon. So that's going to be one of the M series chips. I'm going to show you guys how to spin up three virtual machines, so that we can then install a Kubernetes cluster using Kubernetes. So we need three servers. And the easiest way to do that is by using virtualization. So we can just run it on our local machine. We don't need to install or we don't need to purchase other physical equipment or hardware servers or other computers. We can run it all on our local machine. That way you guys can quickly and easily follow along. Now, keep in mind, if you're running on a mac that has only eight gigs of Ram, you will see that the script that you run will actually only deploy a single server, and that's just due to the memory limitations of your machine. With eight gigs, it doesn't give us a lot of flexibility to spin up multiple VMs, so the script will automatically detect that you have eight gigs only, and it'll only deploy a single node for you, and then you're basically going to deploy Kubernetes onto a single node instead of doing it on three different nodes. So to do that we need to use a tool called Multipass. So Multipass allows us to create a ubuntu based virtual machines very easily. And so what you want to do is you want to go to Canonical.com Multipass and you know, you want to go to install. And here it's going to give us the instructions on how to get started. Uh, depending on what operating system we're using, this video is focusing on macOS. The last video I showed you guys how to set up virtual machines using windows, which is a little bit different for Mac. We're going to be using Multipass. And so it says to install um we're going to use Mac here. So download Multipass for macOS. We're going to go ahead and download that. You can see it's going to get downloaded. And once it's downloaded we can then run the installer. Okay. So the installer is here we're going to hit continue. We're going to hit continue. Just keep hitting continue. Agree to the terms of service. Then we're going to install. It's going to ask for your password. And then it's going to proceed with the installation. Okay. So now we could see installation was successful. So we can go ahead and close this out. And if you want you can then move that installer file to the trash can. Okay. So at this point we've installed multi-pass. Let's just make sure that it's working. So what we want to do is we want to open up the terminal app. So if you just go to spotlight and search for terminal app, you can use that if you have a different terminal like in my case I have Iterm as well. You can use that. It doesn't really matter. Just open up your terminal emulator and we'll make this a little bit bigger for you guys. And what we need to do is just type in Multipass dash dash version. If you get a response back you can see the version that we're using which is 1.15.1. Um, so that's going to confirm that Multipass was successfully installed. So Multi-pass is going to help us spin up ubuntu based virtual machines that are going to act as our Kubernetes node. And what we've done is if you go to the GitHub page here, so if you go to this repository, you're going to see that we've set it up so that it's going to be as easy and as simple as possible for you guys to follow along with our demonstration, because we've provided a script that's going to use Multipass and spin up a cluster or a couple of servers for you that we can then use to install kubectl. So if you go to kube clusters and you go under Apple silicone, you're going to see that there's a couple of scripts here. And so these scripts are going to be what's responsible for deploying and deleting virtual machines. So if you want to deploy a setup so that you can use to follow along, you just run this script here. And that's going to use Multipass to configure the network provision a couple of virtual machines so that we can then connect to them. So let's go ahead and clone this GitHub repository. And so to do that I'm going to go back here. We're going to copy this. And I'm going to go to in this case VS code I don't need this. And I'm just going to do a git clone. We're going to clone it to the current directory. Okay. So we've now pulled in all of that source code. And remember it's the script is going to be in the following file. So under kube ADM clusters under Apple Silicone. And that's where you want to go. So I'm going to CD into that directory. And we're just going to run that script which is called Deploy Virtual machines. So I'll do a dot slash deploy virtual machines. And we're going to let it do all of the work for us. Okay. So now we can see that the script has finished running, so it should have created three virtual machines for us. And we can confirm that by running Multi-path list. And that's going to list out the three nodes or the three servers that Multipass created for us. So we can see here that we've got three nodes, we've got the control plane node, we've got node one, and we've got node two. And we could see the IP addressing information as well as what image was used, which was a ubuntu 22.04 LTS image. Now if you want to connect to one of these nodes or one of these servers, all you have to do is type in Multipass shell and then the name of the server. So if I want to connect to the control plane node, I can run this command. And I'm now connected to the control plane node. So what you're going to see is that I'm in this demo going to have three terminals. And this one is going to be renamed to be Control plane. And then here let me do the Multi-pass list. And then now I could do Multi-pass shell node zero one. So this one will be node zero one. And then we can open up one more terminal. And I'm going to do a multi-pass shell to node zero two. And we will rename that accordingly as well. So now I've got a three servers control plane node one and node two. This is what we're going to install Kubernetes on. And so just understand that's what each of these three terminals are for. Now I just want to quickly go over the IP addressing real quick. So if I go to my control plane node or any of the nodes I can do iPad, you're going to see that there's always going to be two interfaces. There's this interface here and then this interface here. Ignore the first one. This is not what we're going to be using for communication. It's going to be using this EMP 0S2. So the 2168.86.14. And I'm going to run this command on all of them. And so you're going to see that there's going to be once again two interfaces. We want the second one. That's what we're going to use to communicate between all of the different nodes. And you'll see that the script has automatically set up host entries for your different servers. So if I do cat Etsy slash hosts, you're going to see that the control plane node can be accessed by the Dot 8640, which is my address. Node one is going to be the dot 41, which is node one here dot 41. And then node two is the dot 42. So you know, anytime in your you know, as we're following along and setting up kube adm, you can either reference the IP addresses or you can use the host entries that we've created and set up on all of the three servers. So that's basically everything I wanted to show you guys when it comes to setting up servers on your Mac, we've got everything up and running. We should be good to go. One last thing I want to show you guys actually, is that if you go to the the repository that I showed you guys, what you want to do is you want to go under cube, atrium, apple silicone and then docks. And then if you look at the documentation you go under compute resources. It's going to show you, you know, once you're done with following the demo, you're going to want to know how to destroy all the virtual machines. So tear down the environment. And we have a script for that which is delete virtual machines SSH which you see we've got this delete virtual. So all you have to do is just open up a new tab and just do dot slash. All you have to make sure you change into that folder. Go under Apple Silicone. And then you could do dot slash delete virtual machines. And then after you do that it's going to give you a one last instruction. Because that script can't do one thing which is clean stale DHP leases. So to do that you just go to this file right here and you delete basically all of the entries in that file. But you should be good to go. So in the next video we can actually get started with deploying a Kubernetes cluster using cube ADM.