All right. So if you've been following along, you should now have three servers that we're going to use as nodes for our Kubernetes cluster. And just to show you my environment, it's going to be exactly where we left off when it came to initializing the virtual machines. I've got a tab for the control plane that's going to represent the control plane node for Kubernetes. We've got node one which is going to be a worker node. And then node two which is going to be another worker node. So that's what we have. And so now we can actually get started with installing Kubernetes using cube ADM. So there's a couple of things that I want to cover documentation wise. So if you go to the repo that we have for the course, you want to go under cube ADM clusters and you want to go under generic. And here you're going to have a couple of files that's going to basically walk you through exactly what you need to do to install a Kubernetes cluster using cube ADM. So what you can do is you can just follow along just by going to this documentation. But on top of that, I also want to show you guys where we got these instructions from. So it's going to be a combination of several different pages in the Kubernetes documentation. But what you want to do is you want to go under getting started production environments, installing Kubernetes with deployment tools, bootstrapping clusters with cube ADM. And then you select creating a cluster with kube ADM. Now if you are going to be creating a cluster with multiple control plane nodes, there's going to be a separate document which is creating a highly available cluster with kube ADM. It's going to show you how to set up a cluster with multiple control plane nodes. You'll see that the steps are almost identical, except there's going to be one extra step when you want to add in a second control plane node to the cluster. Not that much different. We're going to do just a single control plane node. So we're going to follow this file right here. And then on top of that you're going to also want to open up the installing kube ADM page as well. So this is going to walk you through how to install kube ADM which is just using the the respective or installing the respective packages for kube adm kubelet and kubectl and so on. So those are going to be the the two main files that we're going to go through. And I'm going to show you as we go through our document where each step is kind of listed in the documentation. Because when you're taking the certification, you're not going to have access to this repo. You're going to have access to the documentation only. So you're going to want to make sure you know where all of these instructions actually live. All right. So if we go to the creating a cluster with cube ADM, it's going to first give you some prerequisites like what are the specs of your machine. You can see there's a there's certain Ram and CPU requirements. You're going to want to make sure that you meet these. If you install the virtual machines as per the previous demos, you should already have three virtual machines that meet the minimum requirements. So if we then go to the instructions here, the first thing that we have to do is we have to install a container runtime. Remember Kubernetes utilizes container runtimes to actually spin up containers. So you have to install them. And so you're going to just right click here and open this up. And you're going to see the instructions for installing Stalling one of the supported container runtimes. We're going to be using container D in this case. But if you want to set up your cluster however you'd like, you can use one of the other container runtimes. So first things first there's going to be some configuration that you need to do like enabling IPv4 packet forwarding. And so if we go back to the document here you're going to see that. First of all we're going to just do a sudo apt update. And we're going to install some tools that are most likely already on your system. But just in case they're not then we're going to go ahead and install them. So things like curl CA certificates and things like that. So you're going to need these regardless. So we're going to copy this and we're going to run this on all three nodes. So I'm going to just paste this. And you'll see that all of the commands that we run on this page here, you're going to run them on all of the nodes. So if you have the ability to run commands on multiple terminals, then you could just have a single command get sent to all of the terminals. So I'm just going to manually paste them in one by one. Then the next thing that we have to do is we have to set up the kernel modules, as well as set up the kernel parameters like enabling IP forwarding. So once again that's basically the instructions that are listed here. So I'm just going to copy this. And run this on all of the nodes once again. And then we can then set the required kernel parameters. So this is once again going to enable IPV four and a few other things. All right. And then now we can install the container runtime. So if you go back to the documentation right it's going to give you instructions on how to specifically install container D which will you know you can you go to the GitHub page. And I think if we go up here It's like container D. This will give you some information on getting started with container D you can open up that tab. This is going to give you all the instructions on working with container D. But we're going to just keep it simple. And we're just going to do a sudo apt install container d. And you're going to once again need to run this on all of your nodes. Now this next step is going to be a little confusing. It says configure the container runtime to use the systemd secrets. So what this is, is we're actually going to go to the documentation once again. And I'm going to just maximize this so we can see it a little bit better. I want you to take a look at this and I definitely recommend you read this. But there's two different cgroup drivers. And you know, cgroup is the technology or the feature that allows us to put in, you know, how much resources a specific pod or container can use. So if we want to say like, oh, this pod should only have access to X amount of memory. It's using a feature called Cgroups. And there's different drivers that it supports. There's two different drivers. There's cgroups and there's systemd. Now if you're using a systemd init system, then you need to make sure that you use the systemd cgroup driver. And so you have to do this in two different locations. First you have to configure your container runtime to use the proper driver. And then on top of that you have to configure the Kubelet process to use the proper driver. Now what's what's good about the this is actually kind of a little bit old actually. Um, you'll see that in the newer Kubelet versions by default it's going to be using systemd. So you don't have to change anything for kubelet. If you're using even somewhat modern version of Kubelet or Kubernetes, it's going to be using systemd already, so you don't have to configure anything, but you do have to configure the systemd cgroup driver for your container runtime. And so we're going to go to the documentation. And this is just giving you an example on how to configure the Cgroup driver for Kubelet. You can see you can just provide the configuration and specify the secret driver. Once again, you can see starting version 1.22 and later when creating a cluster with kube ADM, if the user does not set the secret driver field under configuration, it's going to default to systemd, which is perfect. That's what we want. So let's now configure the systemd screwdriver for our container runtime which is containerd. So I'm just going to select this. It's going to take us down here. This is going to show us how to do it. So to use the systemd screwdriver you're going to have to configure a file. And the configuration file for containerd is going to be in slash Etsy slash container slash config.toml. That's the default location. It's going to look for the file. And then what you have to do is you have to add this line of code here. So under this plugins here you're going to set systemd group true to equal true. And it's going to give you some other information like if you want to generate the default configuration for Containerd this generate this config file, you can just run this Containerd config default and then pipe it to that file that's going to generate the default configuration. And then you can go in and then change the value that you'd like. If you look at the command here, it's basically going to do the same thing. It's first going to create that folder slash Etsy container D. Then it's going to run that container config default command that we just saw here container config default. And it's going to update that value. So it's going to swap that systemd secret value from false to true. That's that whole command. So it's doing it all in one command. So you don't have to manually go in and change it. So I'm going to just copy this. And we're going to run this once again on all nodes. And uh it looks like. Oh I accidentally copied the curly brace at the end. So that's why we get an error. But that's not a problem. Um, let's just make sure we don't copy that again. And then paste this here. And so just once again just to show you exactly what happened. If I do a cat four slash Etsy container de config.toml and then we grep for, I think it's, uh, let's do a dash I see group. Right. You could see system D, c group equals true. And yeah that's all we need to do in this case. We've got that set up. We've set up the proper cgroup driver. We can now go to the next step which is we have to then after you make changes you need to make sure that you restart container D. So I'll copy this paste it in. Now the next thing that we have to do is we're going to install kube adm. So we need to make sure we get the latest version or whatever version that we want to install. You want version 1.33, then you have to make sure you download it the proper version of that. If you want to just grab what is the latest version of Kubernetes, you can just run this command and it's going to store the latest version in a environment variable called Kube latest. So we're going to just do that just to simplify the commands moving forward. And so once again all we did was create an environment variable that's going to grab the latest version. So if I do an echo and do kube underscore latest you can see version 1.33. So it grabbed the latest version which was that. And I'm going to run the same command on the other two guys. And at this point um, if we actually go back to the documentation. Right. We're going to be in the installing kube ADM page. So we're looking at version 1.33. And this is going to give you the same instructions on how to install kube adm kubelet and kubectl, which we want on our machines. And so at this point you're going to set up the APT repository, set up the public signing keys. And then at this point you can just do a sudo apt install kubelet kubeadm kubectl. That's all we're doing at the moment. So let me grab those commands. So we're going to set up the public signing key. And then we're going to add the Kubernetes repository. And then we can go ahead and do an update. And then we're going to install the kubelet to kube adm and kubectl. Technically you don't need to install kubectl on all of the nodes if you don't want to have the tool on all of the nodes, you would just you would at least need it on the control plane node. But you do need to install the kubelet and kube adm on all three nodes. So let's copy that. And then optionally if you want to install the crystal which will allow you to see the containers running, you can use that as well. Um that's going to be in like troubleshooting scenarios where the kube API server is down and you want to be able to check if a container is running you. Obviously, if the API server is down, kubectl is not going to work. So you can take a look at the actual containers themselves. If you want to run this or install this, then you'll have access to that. For those specific troubleshooting scenarios. This is purely optional. You don't need to install this, but we're going to go ahead and install it anyways. Now the last step here is very specific to our environment, and I want to explain the issue that we're going. To have and I'm going to do that by doing an iPad. Okay. So when I do an iPad and we can do this on any of the nodes, uh, whether you're using Multi-pass on Mac or you're using Vagrant on Windows, there's going to be a interface that gets created. This first interface, this interface is not being used by our servers for communication. This is more an internal interface that's used by the automation tool. So if you're using vagrant, that first interface, whatever IP address here, it's going to be the same across all of the nodes. So really what we're doing is I want to highlight that all of the servers are going to use this interface. The second one this this IP address, the dot 49. Um on the control plane, it's the dot 48. It's going to be using this interface for communication. And you'll find that by default in our environment, whether we use vagrant or Multipass, you're going to see that if I do an IP route, you're going to see that we have a and I'm going to make this a little bit bigger. You can see we have a default route out the first interface. And so you can see this default route pointing out the first interface. And this can create some problems because when we go to set up Kubernetes uh the interface that it ultimately uses. So like if you're setting up kubelet process or if you're setting up the API server, it's going to use that first interface. Which we don't want. We want it to use the second interface here for all communication. But it's going to default to this one because that's how it's accessing the internet at the moment. So this is just going to say it's going to tell the Kubelet process specifically to use the IP address of the second interface. We want to use this one for Kubernetes communication. And all of our virtual machines should already have an environment variable called primary IP. So if I do primary underscore IP that's going to print out the IP address of the second interface. And so this is basically telling Kubelet to bind to this interface to use this interface. And that's important because we don't want it to use the first interface. This is just used for internal communication for our automation tool. So that's why we have to add this extra config here. It's just basically telling Kubelet pass in the dash dash node IP flag when you start up so that it binds to the second address. And same thing goes for node one. It's going to bind to this address and not this address. So let's copy this. And let's run this on all of the nodes. And we should be good. So now inside this GitHub page go to the next page which is setting up the control plane. So at this point, if we go back to the install the installation page and we don't want to go to, we want creating a cluster with kube ADM, we're going to be at the following stage which is initializing your control plane node. So the first thing that you have to do once we've set up IP forwarding, we've installed the container runtime and done everything we need to do. The next thing that we have to do is we have to set up the control plane node first. You always do the control plane node first. And so you can see here it's just explaining what the control plane node is. And if you have plans to upgrade it, this single control plane node to a high availability node, it's just basically recommending an extra flag. But the command to initialize is going to be kube adm init. So you do kube adm init. And once again by default if I go to my control plane node when I when I show you the interfaces, remember there's two interfaces. Once again when I set up the control plane node. It's going to by default bind to this address the first interface because that's how we access the internet. We don't want that. Remember in this environment we want this interface to be used for communication. So we want the API server to bind to this address. So we have to pass in an extra flag which is going to be the dash dash control plane endpoint, which is going to be the IP address of this interface. And it's going to tell all of the downstream servers to use this address instead of this one, because if we don't pass in that flag, it'll just default to this one, which if you're using another environment where you just have one interface, then it'll work out of the box. But we have this extra interface that we don't want to use. So we have to pass in the, uh, sorry, um, I meant to say we need to use this flag. So the dash dash API server advertise address, this is basically going to tell all of the downstream nodes which address the API server is going to be accessible on. So we don't want to use this one. We want to use this one. So this is the flag we want to use not this one. That was a mistake on my part. We want to use this flag here. And then on top of that, there's going to be a couple of other flags that we want to pass in. The other flag is going to be if you want to set the Pod network Cidr to a specific Cidr range, you can pass in this flag. And you can also do this with the services side arrange as well. So the final command is just basically cube ADM in it. And then the specific flags that you ultimately want and the flags that we're going to use is going to look like this. So we have cube ATM in it. We pass in the Pod network Cidr that we want to use, the service Cidr that we want to use. And then also remember we want to pass in the Dash Dash API server advertise address to be that primary IP. So remember this if I echo. Primary underscore IP that environment variable is just going to point to this interface. So we have to basically tell all of the other servers what IP address is the API server on and it's going to bind to this address. So this interface and then these are going to be the pods header. And the server side arranges. So I can copy this set those environment variables. And then at this point we can just copy this command and run this just on the control plane node. So we'll run that. And it's going to take a little bit of time. So we're going to pause this video and I'll touch base with you guys once that's done. Now after it's run it's going to give you some instructions. And most importantly it's going to tell you how to join the worker nodes. And it's going to give you the special command. So you want to grab this command, copy it. And you want to make sure that you paste it into your notes for future use. So I've got it stored in my notes right here. And I'm just going to put that off screen for now so that when we go to join the worker nodes, um, we have that command at hand. But don't worry, if you lose it, there's a command that you can use to then generate this command again. So it's not a big deal if you lose it. Then on top of that it says to start using your cluster, you need to do the following. So what we're going to do is we're going to create the cube folder in our home directory. And when you use the cube adm init command it's actually going to generate a Kubernetes config file for you so that you have all of the credentials for interacting with your Kubernetes cluster. And that's all going to be stored. Um, we're basically just copying that to your home folder so that we can actually use the kubectl utility. So here we're just going to copy this paste it. And so now if you did kubectl get node we should see we have one node called control plane. We could see status is not ready. It's going to say not ready because we haven't installed a CNI plugin. Once you install CNI plugin it'll move to a ready state. We can see that the role is control plane, and we don't see any worker nodes because we haven't configured them to join yet. Okay. So we've done that. Um, we copied the file here. Then you have to install your CNI plugin. So I'm going to install a plugin called calico. I'm going to use calico. Keep in mind you can use any plugin that you want. It doesn't matter which one you use, they should all work if they follow the proper standards. We're going to use calico. And if you want to take a look at the documentation here, you could just go to the page for calico which is at. Calico. And what we want to do is we want to go under installing and upgrading and installing on on premises deployment. And that's going to have the instructions for actually doing that. So let's uh copy this. So the first thing that we have to do is install the operator. And I'm just hopefully it's large enough for you guys. Um, so the first thing is installing the operator and custom resource definitions. And keep in mind these steps are going to be unique for this specific CNI. Every CNI is going to be different. You just go to the documentation page for whatever you want to use and just follow it. But we're going to just go through um, calico in this case. So here we're going to run this on the control plane node. Then we want to download this config file. So this is going to be the config for CNI. I'm going to paste it. And it's going to copy a file here to our local machine called Custom Resources dot YAML. We're going to open this up. And this is going to show you the default configurations. And you can keep most of the default configs. But you have to change one thing which is the IP pool. So this is basically telling calico what is the pod Cidr range. Now if you go back to the documentation here and you recall that we set the pod Cidr to be 1244.0.0 16. So we need to set the same thing accordingly here. So I'm going to go down and make sure that now calico knows that it's 1244.0.0. And I believe that is the only thing we need to change. And at that point we could just do a kubectl create or apply. And it's going to go ahead and deploy all of the necessary pods and resources for calico to run properly. Okay. So let's just check to see if everything's working. Um, so it takes a little bit of time for calico to start up. It's going to restart a lot of the control plane components. So let's do a kubectl get node. And we can see it hangs. And that's because once again it's going to be restarting the API server and a few other things. So let's let's give it a couple more minutes and we'll wait for that to complete. And then we'll touch base again. All right. So now the command went through. We can see we got one node. And we can see it's in a ready state. And if you want to you could do a kubectl get pod dash capital A which is going to show you pods in every namespace, and you're going to see that there's going to be a whole bunch of pods. Don't worry about the ones that got evicted. They're going to get cleaned up in a second, but you're going to see that there's going to be several calico pods that were deployed. And everything else should be good to go. So now that we've got the CNI set up and installed, we can now move on to having the other two nodes join our cluster. So let's go back to the documentation here that we're following. We can then join worker nodes. And keep in mind the same thing is going to be listed here. So remember this is the page that showed us installing the cluster using cube ADM. After you install that install the pod network add on. We did that and then we want to then um, you know at this point you can add more control plane nodes. So this is if you're going to have multiple control plane nodes, you would add the second one here. We don't. So we can then move on to adding worker nodes. There's different steps depending on if it's Linux or Windows. Click on Linux. The steps are really simple. It's just copy this one command. And so we're just going to do that. Remember I have the command here. Um but if you lost it there is a command to create that token. Again you just run this cube ADM token, create print join command on the control plane node and it's going to spit out that command. So I'm going to copy this. And we're going to run this on node one and node two. And make sure you do sudo. You will need sudo privilege paste that command in and it's going to join this node to the cluster. And that's all we have to do. And we do the same thing for node two. And now if I go back to the control plane node. And I do a cube CTL get node, we can see we have three nodes. Two are in a ready state. Um, this one just has to move into a ready state, which would usually involve it has to deploy all of the proper calico pods onto that specific node so that the networking is working on that node. So if you just give it a couple more seconds, you can see it moves into a ready state. So everything should be good to go. The last step is let's test to make sure that everything's working. So in this case we're going to deploy a nginx pod. So we're going to create a deployment using the nginx image. And I'm just going to paste this in that's going to create that pod. And then we're going to create a node port service. And that will give us external access to that pod. And we should be able to test to see if we're able to access it. And so now what we could do is uh, if I do kubectl get node dash o wide and we can move this over for now. Um, we've got the IP addresses of node one, node two. So we should theoretically, if I do a cube CTL get service. This is the service we created for that nginx deployment. We should be able to access it using that port on that node. So if I do a curl and I just grab this IP here. And we go on port 301443. You can see we can access the nginx server. And we should be able to do this with the IP address of node two as well. And that's going to confirm that the services are working. And all of the networking is working as it should. And we can see that also works. All right. So we've now successfully deployed a Kubernetes cluster using cube ADM. So for the exam I really just want to highlight the documentation page where we ultimately need to look. So remember it's all going to be under bootstrapping cluster with cube ADM. And you want to see creating a cluster with cube ADM that's going to have all of the instructions and all of the necessary links. And then obviously, if you want to install a specific CNI, you're gonna have to pull up the documentation for that specific CNI. Now, if you're going to be following along and basically following this GitHub repository to installing your Kubernetes cluster, you're going to be copying the commands from this GitHub repo. And you're going to see at the top of this page there's going to be a note which basically says that all of the commands that we provide, they're going to be grouped within curly braces. And this is to help avoid certain issues that you may. It's not guaranteed that you'll run into, but you may run into. And the reason why we have these curly braces is so that, um, in scenarios where you have to group several commands with the sudo command, um, the sudo command will stop working after the first command. So anytime you see any, you know, group of commands that you need to run, just copy the curly braces as well. So if you just in the GitHub, uh, in the markdown you just select copy code. Um, that's going to automatically include the curly braces. And it's going to help avoid any potential issues.