So now, let's talk about Amazon Detective. So we know that we can have security findings in Amazon GuardDuty, Amazon Macie, and Security Hub, but to analyze, investigate, and quickly identify the root cause of the security findings, you can use Amazon Detective. So it's going to use behind-the-scenes machine learning, statistical analysis, and graph theory to give you a complete overview of what's happening in your accounts. So it's going to automatically collect and process events from your VPC Flow Logs, CloudTrail, and your GuardDuty findings to create a unified view when these data sources are enabled. Optionally, you can also enable other data sources such as your EKS Audit Logs or Amazon Security Hub. And what is going to happen is that, within Detective, you're going to have a unified view of all the issue details. You're going to know all the affected resources, when an IP address connects to the EC2 instance, all the API calls within the domain, login attempts, and so on. So it helps you answer the following question, "How did it happen? What resources are affected? And what actions did the attacker take?" You can get up to one year of aggregated data analysis within Amazon Detective. So to summarize, we get data sources such as CloudTrail, GuardDuty, VPC Flow Logs, EKS Audit Logs, and Security Hub to have a complete analysis within Amazon Detective. So within Detective, here is what the interface can look like. So you're going to get a report summary, and within the report summary, you're going to have a look at all the events that happen. For example, the high severity, the medium severity, and low-severity events. You can have a look at what has been done, for example, discovery impact, lateral movement, persistent initial access, and privilege escalation. You can also have a look at a graph to see all the kind of resources that were compromised. For example, we can have multiple EC2 instances, you can have subnets VPCs, you can have malicious files, different entities, and so on. So this really gives you a very complete image of what is happening when you have a security incident, and you can understand really what's happening from one view within Amazon Detective. It saves you a lot of time, and also makes sure that you know exactly, quickly, how to react to this kind of security events. On top of it, there's a feature called Amazon Detective Investigation, which helps you investigate which IAM users and roles are involved in a security event. For example, if you have a compromised IAM role. So if you look at investigations, it'll give you the reports, and give you the access to all the entities that are investigated that are IAM entities. So let's have a look at a concrete use case of Amazon Detective. For example, we have Amazon Detective enabled, and we have GuardDuty, and we have a finding called Stealth:IAMUser/CloudTrailLoggingDisabled. So a user is trying to disable CloudTrail logging. So Detective is going to have a look at whether it's a true positive or a false positive issue. And if it's a true positive, we're going to define the scope. So what systems and users are compromised? Where did the attack originate? How long has the attack been going on? And then we're going to get a response directly as an idea. So how do we stop the attack? How do we minimize the damage? And how do we prevent similar attacks? And Amazon Detective will give us this complete picture to do all these things. So I hope you liked it. This was Amazon Detective. And I will see you in the next lecture.