So let's explore a couple of VPC traffic mirroring architectures. So in the first case, we can have the traffic distributed across EC2 instances in an ASG and that will be the same security appliance. So we have our VPC with a public subnet, a private subnet, and then we've created another private subnet with an autoscaling group of EC2 instances that are security monitoring appliances. We put a network level balancer in front of them so that we can receive any kind of traffic. And then we're going to enable traffic mirroring from the EC2 instance in my public subnet and my private subnet. And all that traffic is going to flow and scale because we're using an autoscaling group. And this is going to go to the same kind of security appliance. We have another kind where we want to distribute traffic to multiple EC2 instances that have different security appliances. So in this case, we have the same EC2 instances we want to monitor but then we're going to, in a private subnet, create different kind of EC2 instances based on their function. So different partner solutions for security. In this case, what we need to do is to do traffic mirroring into what we call a Cloud Packet Broker. It's a third party appliance. And this allows you to actually redirect the correct traffic to the correct security appliance. So that's a different architecture model. Now, if you want to go distributed you can have two VPCs, and in each VPC you'll have a different monitoring appliance. So in this instance, the EC2 instance A is monitored by the Appliance 1 and the EC2 instance B is monitored by the Appliance 2. You can also go into a different kind of setup where you have one monitoring appliance in one VPC and then by establishing VPC peering, you can have instance D and instance E directly mirror traffic into the monitoring Appliance number 3. There's also a way to automate VPC traffic mirroring. So let's take an example of GuardDuty and GuardDuty has found an alert on one of our EC2 instances. It's going to pass on that finding to Amazon EventBridge, and from EventBridge, we're going to invoke a Lambda function. That Lambda function is going to look at the payload of the alerts, and it's going to identify the EC2 instance and the corresponding ENI attached to that instance that needs VPC network traffic mirroring. So that instance is in my VPC, but first we need to make sure from the Lambda function that we launch a virtual monitoring appliance to receive that mirror traffic. So we launch it and then we enable VPC traffic mirroring on my EC2 instance that was detected by GuardDuty. So automatically the packets of the network are going to be forwarded, and then we can send them directly into an S3 bucket so that the logs could be analyzed later on by Athena. And all of this is automated, so hopefully that opens up your mind. Finally, you can also have an architecture for VPC traffic mirroring that leverages a transit gateway between several accounts and several VPCs. But the idea is that you want to have a centralized VPC where you'll have all your security appliances and monitoring. So in that case, well, because we have set up a transit gateway, now any EC2 instance in any VPC can send their traffic directly into the network level balancer of the centralized VPC. And this works great and this scales great, but you will have higher data transfer cost because everything goes through a transit gateway. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.