Okay. So let's go over the solution for the labs on pot. So in this lab, we're going to get familiar with pods. So the first question is how many parts exist on the system? Now we know that we can get the information about parts using the Q get parts command. That's what we learn. So we're going to run the parts command and you can ignore this line here that says in the current default namespace. So we're going to talk about namespaces in one of the upcoming lectures. So you don't have to worry about that for now. This is for those who already know what a namespace is. If you know, then just make sure you're checking the number of parts in the current default namespace. So when we run the Q code will get parts command. We see the result is zero. There are no resources found. So we're going to select zero here. So the next is a task. So we've got to create a new pod with the next image. So to create a pod. The easiest way is to run the cattle run command and we specify the image. So we have to specify a name and an image. So if you're not sure about the syntax, run the help command and we see. It's the name of the party, followed by the image that's from it. So we're going to run that. Let's kepco run. And since the there's no specification about the name of the pot, so we could basically name it anything. But the image name has to be the next. So the body's is created. Now. How many pods are created now? We've created a few more pods, so please check again. So let's run pods. Command. Okay. So in addition to the engine export that we created, there are a few other parts that were created. By us, basically. So there are in a total one, two, three, four pots at the moment. So let's select for. What is the image used to create the new pods? You must look at one of the new pods in detail to figure this out. So let's pick one of the pods. This one. And when you know that, to look at it in detail, we've got to run the queue to describe that. So now we have additional details about the pod. So this is the name of the pod. And you have the start time and a number of other details. So the question is, what is the image used to create the new pods? So we know that this tells us the containers. And here you have the image and the image is busy box. So I select this box. Okay. Now, which nodes are these pods placed on? You must look at all the pods in detail to figure this out. So one way to do this is we've already run the described pod command and we can see that this is on node control plane and we could actually run the the described command against each pod. So that's one way to figure that out. Another way and an easier way to just run queue to get pods command with the white option. And here you get to see the node and it's a control plane. So all of the new parts are created on the controlled payload select control plane. Okay. And how many containers are part of the pod web app? So there's a new pod created with this one. It pods command to see web app. So if if you look at this column right here, it shows us the total number of containers part of the pot. So this number right here is the total number of containers. So that's one way to figure that out or to always run the describe command. To see that in detail. So here you see containers and then you have one container here that's engine X and the other one right here. So those are the two containers you select to. Then you have what images are used in the new web app Pod. You must look at all the parts in detail to figure this out. Actually it should be. You must look at all the containers in detail. So here you have two containers and. If you look at if you look here, you see that the image for engine X is engine X and the one for Agent X is called Agent X. So there's engine X and Agent X. Those are the images used for those containers. So this one. Now what is the state of the container? Agent X the pod web app. So if you look at the container here and you see there are there is a state. And it is in a waiting state at the moment. So out of these, it's not running ready or success. It's actually error or waiting. So this is the state. Okay. Now, why do you think the container age index import is in an error or rating state? So try to figure it out from the events section of the pot. So if you look at. One of the section here under state you have the reason we call this error image pool. Or if you just. Look at it below here in the event section, you can see the error. Just basically this one it says fail to pull image agent x. And. At IO slash library slash agent X. So this image by the name Agent X does not exist. And that's basically the reason that is failing. So the correct answer is a Docker image with this name doesn't exist on Docker Hub. Now what is the ready column in the output of the cubicle will get part command indicate so if you go up here we have the output of the get pass command and here you see have 1/1 here and then you have 1/2. So what does this mean? Now we know that this is the total containers within the pod and this is basically, of course, the ones that are ready. So at the moment, there's only one ready out of the two. And we know that because this image does not exist. And of course, that's why that container isn't ready yet. So it's basically the total containers that are ready slash just the total containers within the pod. So that's total containers in the pod or running containers in the pod slash total containers in the pod. So that's the correct answer. So the next task is to delete the web app. So let's run the typical delete command. And. Delete the web app pod. Okay. That's deleted. Let's go to the next one and create a new pod with the name lettuce and with the image. Red is one, two, three. And the recommendation is to use a pod definition yaml file and the image name is wrong. So the image name is wrong. So we could do this in two ways. So as we know, we could run the cuttle run command and the name of the pod is Redis is the name of the image is. With this one, two, three. You can basically just create it like this. But we just want to get familiar with generating the ML file and creating it with the definition file. So let's use the dry run option. And. Output. The. The command in a format. Okay. So. So this is basically. And it says dry run command is deprecated and is replaced with the dry run equals client. So let's run that. Okay. So this is the file. So let's direct it to a file. We call it where this? But Yamal. So we have the annual definition for that pod in this file. So we're now going to create. The pod using the cube color create. Or apply command. So let's. So with the command. So it's created. Let's verify. That it's created. Okay. So it's graded and it's in an error image pool state because we have the wrong image name. So that's fine. Let's click on check. Okay. Successful. And the last question for this lab is to change the image on this pod, to read this, to fix that error that we purposefully create, and to get the pod in a running state. So there are two ways to do that. You could run the shuttle. And it's command. To edit the pod or since we already have. There are this file, you could just go in and change the file. So let's go and do that. Okay. I've changed. The image name. I'm just going to apply. The changes. Okay. Let's check at it. Now we'll talk about this error message later when we talk about imperative commands and the declarative way that we apply. But for now, let's stick to the basics. Let's just make sure the change was successful. So when I run the QR code will get port command. We see that the port is in a running state. Toronto. All right. So that's the end of the lab. Let's hit the lab button and I'll see you in the next one.