In this demo, we're going to create a replica sets based on the pod definition file that we created earlier. So in the last demo we created a pod using YAML. So here what I've done is I've created a directory called pods under the Kubernetes for beginners directory, which is my project directory. And here are the two files that we created earlier for pods. So now let us create a new directory for replica sets called replica sets. And inside this directory let's create a new file called replica set dot YAML. So let's start with the API version. And if you remember from the lecture the the version for replica set should be apps slash v1. And next we'll use kind and we'll use the suggestions available. And here we are going to make use of replica sets. The next root element is the same as that of pod. So we are going to add metadata and the name of the replica set which would be my dash my App Dash replica set, and we'll assign a label for our replica set as well. So the key would be app and the value will be my app. Now I'm going to set the last, um, the last property, which is, uh, spec. And as you can see for replica set, uh, the Visual Studio code extension, the ML extension is, uh, automatically understood that the object is replica set and that it needs a selector. So it has already created the selector field for us. So we'll just have to fill it in. So here we are. And we have two possible options. It can be uh, match expressions or match labels. So let's use the match label option. And here we're going to use the same label that we used for the pod. Um we'll tie the pods to the replica set. So let us use the same label that we used before while creating pods. So for this let me first open the, uh, the nginx pod definition file. on the right side of the screen, so you can just right click and open it on the right side. The labels we used there were the env label which is set to production. So I'm just going to copy that over. Now the next property is replicas. So for this example let's make use of three replicas. And then the next mandatory value that we need to add here is the template. So for template we can make use of the pod definition file that we created earlier and copy the template. So I'm just going to copy this whole section here from metadata and paste it under the templates section. So now as soon as we paste the the contents we see that the and the indentation is all out of order. So in order to fix this, um, one easy way to do it is to select the, the whole section that we just pasted, except for the the first line and then press tab twice and then or until, um, you know, um, it fixes, uh, the, the, the indentation. Right now, some editors, um, are intelligent enough to automatically correct that for you. Right. However, this, uh, this one doesn't, um, but I know that there's an extension available, uh, for this. Um, so if you're interested in that, um, check it out. Um, I think it's called, um, paste and indent or something like that. Okay. So for now, we will just stick to the manual way of fixing it. Um, so, uh, now the the format is corrected and there are no more errors in the file. So one thing to note here is the labels used for the pod and the labels used under the selector at the top. So they have to be the same, right? The label used at the top of the replica set itself doesn't really matter. The it is the the two labels, um, that are set on the pod and then the one set on the selector that matters. That's what ties them together. So they have to be the same. So say we change the labels on the pod template to something else like app and set it to my app. Then we must change it at the top as well to use the same. Right. So now, um, we're done with the file. Okay. So now that we have the replica set definition file ready, um, let's go back to the terminal. And here in the project root directory we see that we have the new directory called replica sets. And underneath that there is the replica set YAML definition file that we just created. So let's quickly check to make sure that the file has the contents we created. So I'm just going to um use cat to view the contents of the file. So it has everything as expected. So now let me clear the screen and we're going to create this replica set using the kubectl create command with the dash f option. So as soon as the replica set is created uh let's check the status using kubectl uh, get replica set command. And we noticed that there is, uh, one replica set which is, uh, created already. The desired number of replicas is equal to three, and the current Android number of replicas are three as well. And it was created, uh, about eight seconds ago. So we can further inspect the status of the pods by running the kubectl get pods command. And we notice here that we have three replicas or three pods for the replica set we created. And all of the pods have a unique name. But you will notice that the name of the pod begins with the name of the replica set, which is Myapp replica set. Uh, so that way you can look at the pod, um, any pod, and you can identify that if it is a standalone pod or a pod that is part of a replica set. Now all of them are in a running state. So we said that a replica set ensures that a sufficient number of replicas or pods are available at all times. Now let's see what happens if we were to delete one of these pods. So let's go back and copy one of the pod names. So in this case I'm copying this one here that has the name that ends with um a10 XXL. So I'm going to use the kubectl delete pod command. And I'm going to paste the pod name here. Now whenever you delete a pod, it takes a few seconds for the pod to fully terminate. So just give it a few seconds for the pod to fully terminate. So once we get the prompt back, let's check the status of the pods again. But you'll notice that the replica set still has three pods running. And you'll notice that, uh, one of the pods, uh, was, uh, just created 15 seconds ago. And you'll notice that the name of the older pod that that ended with the A10, XXL has been deleted. And a new pod with the name with a different name has been created. So that's the, uh, the replica sets, ensuring that sufficient number of pods are always available on the cluster. Now, if you run the kubectl describe replica set command for the new replica set, um, we will see that the desired number of replicas history. And here we see more information about replica set. Just like what we saw with the um kubectl describe pod command. Um, so here we see the, the name of the replica set the selectors, the label for the replica sets itself. If you scroll down, you'll see the labels that the selector above makes use of, which is the labels on the pod. And we also see the nginx container definition. And if you scroll down below we see the events. So initially um, when we created the replica set it actually came up with three replicas. But then we deleted one of the replicas and then it spun up one additional replica for it to maintain that desired number. Right. And you see all of that in the history of events here. So this is, um, a handy tool and command if you would like to inspect, um, what happened to a replica set in case, you know, you're troubleshooting something or you're just looking for more information on what's happening with the replica set, um, etc.. So, so we said that, um, a replica set ensures that a minimum number of replicas are available all the time. But what if there are more number of replicas than what's required? So let's try to, uh, let's try something else. Let's try to create a new pod by making use of the the same label that the replica set selector uses, uh, which is, um, the app set to my app. And to do this, let's go back to our pod definition file. And so here, um, I have the nginx dot YAML file that we created. And I will notice that we have a pod template which tries to create a pod by the name nginx two. But we also, uh, but we have now changed its label to the same label as the pod definition template used in our replica set. So now let's create the pod directly and not through the replica set, but just, you know, directly the pod like as we have done before. And we'll see what happens. Um, when we create a new pod outside of the replica set, uh, but one that has the same labels that the replica set selector uses. So, uh, before doing that, let me run the kubectl get pods command, and I see that there is only, uh, the three pods that were created by the replica set. And so now I'm going to use the kubectl create command. And with the dash f option and I'll specify the nginx dot YAML file. And you will see that the nginx dash two pod has been created. But if I run the kubectl get pods command now, I will see that the status of that pod is in a terminating state already. The replica set is terminating. The new pod that we just created is not allowing more pods with the same labels than the number of replicas configured on the replica set. So if we run the kubectl describe command now, we'll see that at the bottom under the events section of the output of uh describe command, the replica set controller, um, deletes the new nginx two pod that we just created. So now if I go back and run the kubectl get pods command, I see that it is under terminating state, and soon, um, it should go away from it from the list altogether. Okay. So now let's see how to update a replica set. So what, What if we want to change the number of replicas to, say, four instead of the current three? Say, for instance, we're trying to scale up our application. So for this we must edit the replica set definition file and update its replicas. Count to four. For this, we will make use of a new command called kubectl edit replica set. And we will provide the name of the replica set, which is my replica set. And now when we run this command, we see that it opens up the running configuration of the replica set in a text editor in a text format. In this case, it opens up in vim. So note that this is not the actual file that we used that we created at the beginning of this demo. This is a temporary file that that's created by Kubernetes in memory, to allow us to edit the configuration of an existing object on Kubernetes. And that's why you'll see a lot of additional fields in this file. Other than the details that you provided. So changes made to this file are directly applied on the running configuration on the cluster as soon as the file is saved. So you must be very careful with the changes that you're making here. So now if I scroll down all the way to the the spec section which is over here, and we can see the, the running configuration and the current number of replicas, which is set to three. I can change this to scale it up by another pod. So for in this case and then I will save and exit from the editor. Now it should now spin up a new pod in addition to the three that we already had to match the new number of replicas that we specified. So if we run the kubectl get pods command. Now we see that there is a new pod which was spun up six seconds ago, and we can use the same approach to scale down as well. And there's also a command available to scale the number of replicas, um, without having to go in and edit, um, the definition file. And that is using the kubectl scale replica set command. So we will provide the name of the replica set. And we will set the number of replicas for it to scale to two. So you could specify a number which is greater or less than the current number of replicas. And uh note uh, take a note of the double dashes before the replicas option. So if I run the kubectl get pods command again, we will see that the replica set is now scaling down to two replicas by terminating two of the pods. Well, so let's wait for these two replicas, um, to be terminated. And there you go. And now we just have two pods. Well, that's it for this demo. I will see you in the next.