In this demo we're going to create a deployment. So let us create a new folder called deployments within our project directory. And within the deployments directory I'm going to create a new file called called Deployment.yaml. And we're going to make use of the definition file that we created earlier for the replica sets, because it's quite similar to that of the deployment. And to make this easier we're just going to open the replica set definition file on the right. So I'm going to use the split editor function here. So on the left we have the deployment.yaml file that we're going to create now. And on the right we have the replica set dot YAML file that we created earlier. So as before we will start off with the API version. And it is and it is also going to be API slash v1 the same as replica set. And I'm going to use the kind as deployment. So let me select that from here. And then the metadata I'm going to enter it here as well. And that will have the name and labels. And we're going to use uh, the name as uh, my app Dash deployment. And uh, we'll add a couple of labels uh, as well. The labels will be um, a front end to your front end and maybe another one, uh, called uh, nginx. Okay. Now the the spec section is very similar to that of the replica sets. So I'm just going to copy this entire section here, um, for the specs for the spec section. And I'm just going to paste it here. So that should be good enough for us to start the deployment. And I'm going to change. Um, just I'm just going to reduce the number of replicas to three. Okay. So let's go back to our terminal. And if we check the root of our project directory, we see the new directory that we created uh called deployments. And I'm going to create this deployment using the kubectl uh Create a command along with the dash f deployment dot YAML file. And as you can see, the deployment has been created. So let's run the kubectl get deployment command. And I can see that we have one deployment which is created. And it has three out of three ready pods. And available are three as well. So if you want to check the pod we can run the kubectl get pods command. And I can see that we have three pods which are in a running state, um, which were created a few moments ago. Now let us run a kubectl describe deployment command and the name of the deployment is myapp dash deployment. And here we can see, um, a lot of similar information. So the name of the pod, the label of the deployment itself, um, and uh, the, the front end, uh, label that we set, um, and we see the selector that we used, uh, the same as that of the replica set, which is equal to my app, and it has three desired and three available pods and which are in a running state. And here's the pod section. And the label of the pod is my app. And here's the container details with the image set to nginx. If you scroll to the bottom, you'll see that it also has an event section and it just shows the deployment controller a message which which says that, uh, the replica set for this deployment has been scaled to three. Uh, and now before we move on, let's run the kubectl get all command, which shows all the objects which is created in the cluster. So you can see that we have one deployment which is the deployment that we created. And there is a replica set which is created for that specific deployment um called my app replica set. And then we have the three pods which have been created using that replica set. Okay. Well that's it for now. Head over to the labs and try these out for yourselves.