Alright, so now let's do an exercise for AWS side-to-side VPN. So the ideal way to do is to connect AWS VPC to your on-premises data center network, something like this, where you will have the VPN router, which connects to VGW or the transit gateway on AWS side over a IPsec VPN connection. And then you should be able to access these servers on both the sides over their private IPs. Now, while that's the ideal architecture, but because we don't have this on-premises customer network, we will simulate that network for this exercise. And for that, we will have another VPC in some other AWS region. And in that we will have a VPN server configured on one of the EC2 instance. So this VPN server will act as a VPN router, which will further send the traffic to the other servers inside the same network. So for this, the architecture is something like this, where on the left side, it is AWS network. And on the right side, it is simulated customer network. And on AWS side, if you see, we just have the VPC with one private subnet. And in that we will have EC2 instance with only the private IP, which means in order to reach to this EC2 instance from say customer network, we can only use the VPN connectivity. So for this, we will use virtual private gateway, which is attached to the VPC, which is one end of the VPN connection. And the other end will terminate on this EC2 VPN server. And for this VPN server, we will use some open source software like LibreSwan. Now in the enterprise world, you will see different VPN servers like Cisco VPN or Juniper VPN. But here we are going with the open source VPN server. So we will use this LibreSwan VPN to configure this site to site VPN connectivity. And once that is done, we should be able to then connect from this EC2 instance B to this EC2 instance A over this VPN connection, right? So that's the goal of the exercise. And before we follow the steps, I just wanted to show you the root tables that you will configure for these different subnets, as well as the security groups for these EC2 instances. Alright, so on the left side, it's AWS network, and we will have one private subnet. And the CIDR range for this VPC will be 10.0.0.0 slash 16. So we will have this local route here. And additionally, we would have to add the route saying that traffic going to on-premises network that is 192.168.0.0 slash 16 should go through the virtual private gateway or the VPN gateway. So that will be the route table here. Then comes the route table for this public subnet. This is in a public subnet because it needs to have the public IP so that this VPN connection can be established. Further, we will also SSH into this instance so that we can install this LibreSwan software. Right. So for this subnet, it will be simply a public subnet route table. Now finally, for this private subnet, if you see, there will be the local route, of course. And additionally, in order to send or receive the traffic from the AWS network, we will have additional route for this destination and the traffic will go through this particular instance. So as a target, we will have this VPN server instance there. Right. So these are the route tables that we need to configure here. Alright. Now with respect to the security groups, typically we will just have the ping rule that is ICMP. So here on the left side for this EC2 instance A, we will just allow the ICMP from this network. Further, for this particular VPN server EC2 instance, we will have the SSH enabled because we want to SSH from my machine and configure the VPN server. And also we will allow ICMP from anywhere because this machine can also ping it and this machine can also ping it. Finally, here we will allow the SSH from this network only because if we want to test connectivity from EC2 instance B to EC2 instance A, we need to first SSH into that. Now being in a private subnet, the only way to reach to this machine is from this particular VPN server. So we will SSH into this and from there we will SSH into this EC2 B. That's where this rule is there. Then we will also allow ICMP from AWS network so that we can test both way connectivity. All right. So that's our target architecture. And at this point, because you know AWS well, I'm expecting that you should be able to configure at least at network layer, everything that you see on this slide, right? And that's where I will be going a little fast here and all the steps I have also given in the slides. So you can also read through them. All right. So in this exercise, we will first set both the VPCs, we will launch the EC2 instances and then we will set up the VPN connectivity. Right? So let's go to the AWS console and create these VPCs. Okay. So here I have four tabs open. So I'll be using Mumbai region as my AWS network and I'll be using North Virginia region as my data center network. And then I have two tabs for EC2 instances. So it is better you open these tabs side by side. All right. So let's create the AWS side of the VPC and let's call it AWS VPC. And the range is 10.0.0 slash 16. That's it. Let's create the VPC. Now, if you see the diagram, we don't need the internet gateway in this VPC, we just need a private subnet. So let's go to the subnets and let's create the private subnet. And let's give it a name, say AWS side of the private subnet. I can choose any AC and I can choose the range 10.0.0 slash 24. That's it. Let's create the subnet. All right. Also, let's create a specific root table for this subnet. So let's call it AWS private root table. And this will be an AWS VPC. And we need to associate that with our subnet. All right, so we created the VPC and the subnet. And now let's launch this EC2 instance with the private IP. Okay, so let's go to the EC2 in the Mumbai region. So make sure that you are in the right region again. And let's launch the instance. Okay, let's call it EC2-A. And let's select the right SSH key pair. And let's change the network to AWS VPC. And there is only one subnet, autosign public IP, we need to disable and the security group. So let's call it AWS app SG. And we want to allow all ICMP from right side of the network. And that is our CIDR range for the data center that is 192.168.0.0 slash 16. That's it really let's launch this instance. All right. So we have created this side of the network and the EC2 instance. And we will create this virtual private gateway little later. But before that, we will set up the right side of the network. So we will create this DC VPC, we will create these two subnets. And then we will launch EC2 instances in those subnets. All right. Okay, so let's go to the North Virginia region, just make sure that you are in North Virginia. And let's call this VPC as data center VPC and the CIDR range as 192.168.0.0 slash 16. And that's it. Let's create that. And for this VPC, we need internet gateway because we need to SSH into the machines. So the first thing you should do, let's go to the internet gateway. And let's call it DC internet gateway. And also let's attach it to the VPC. All right, that's done. Now let's go to the subnets. And let's create two subnets. The first is a public subnet. So let's call it DC public subnet in one of the EC. And let's give it a range 192.168.0.0 slash 24. And let's add a private subnet as well. So let's call it DC private subnet in the same EC. And let's give it a different range this time 192.168.100.0 slash 24. All right, let's create the subnets. And now let's create the root tables for both the subnets so that we can manage the root better. So let's call it DC public root table for this VPC. And because it's a public, we need to add the root for the internet gateway. So let's add a root for 0.0.0.0 slash 0 through the internet gateway. And at this point, don't forget to associate this root table with our subnet. Most of the time, generally, people will forget that and then it won't work as expected. So this is for my public subnet. So let's save that. All right. Similarly, let's now create another root table for the private subnet. So let's call it DC private root table. And this time, we don't need to add any root, we just need to make sure that it is associated with the private subnet. Alright, so this is done. Now next we need to go to the EC2 and launch two instances, one in the public subnet that will act as our VPN server. So let's call it VPN server. And again, this is in North Virginia. So you should have your SSH key already created there. And let's edit the network setting and choose the VPC that we created. And it should be in a public subnet. Remember that. And it should also have the public IP so that we can create the VPN connection. So make sure that you enable the public IP. All right, with respect to the security group, let's give it a name VPN server SG. And let's allow SSH from anywhere so that I can log in. And also let's allow all ICMP IPv4 again from anywhere it's okay. Alright, let's launch the instance. So that's my VPN server instance. And similarly, let's launch another instance that is EC2B for testing the connectivity. So let's call it EC2B in the same VPC. But make sure that it is in the private subnet. And we don't need public IP that is okay. And again, we need to have the security group. And it should allow SSH from 192 range so that I can go from the VPN server to this server 192.168.0.0 slash 16. And let's also allow the all ICMP so that we can ping from the AWS side of the network. So here I can put say 10.0.0.0 slash 16. Alright, I think we are good. So let's launch the instance. Okay, so which means we are done with all these settings with respect to the root table, security groups and the instances. And now let's do the most important thing that is creating this virtual private gateway, the customer gateway. And then let's configure this VPN server. Alright, so for creating the VPN connection on AWS side. You need the virtual private gateway, which you attach to the VPC. And then you need to represent the customer network in the form of customer gateway. Now for creating that customer gateway, you have to use the public IP of this VPN server. So while you create the customer gateway on the AWS side, actually it represents the other network. So we will use the public IP of this VPN server for creating the customer gateway. And then we will create the VPN connection between the virtual private gateway and the customer gateway. So now let's do that. Alright, so for creating the virtual private gateway, we need to go back to the Mumbai region, which represents AWS side of the network. And if you just go down here, you will see virtual private gateway. So let's create a new virtual private gateway. So let's call it AWS network virtual private gateway. And that's it. And we need to attach it to the VPC. So let's let it create first. Currently, it's in a detachment, okay, it is available. So let's just attach to the VPC. And that's it. So this is the AWS side of the VPN gateway. Now we need to connect this to the customer gateway, which represent the customer network. So let's create the customer gateway. And here it represents the data center network customer gateway. So ASN, we will go with the default and IP address should be the public IP of your VPN server. So let's go to the North Virginia EC2 instance. Let's refresh this. And let's grab the public IP of this instance, which is this. So let's go here and create that. Now rest of the settings, let's go as default. Alright, so customer gateway has been created. Now the next important part is to create the VPN connection. So for that, let's go to the site to site VPN connection. And let's create a new connection. So let's call it AWS data center VPN. So the target type is virtual private gateway on the AWS side. So let's select that. And other side is customer gateway, which we already created. Alright, now here with respect to the routing option, because we are using the LibreSwan on the other side, it doesn't support the dynamic routing. So we have to go with the static routing. But otherwise, if you are using the Cisco VPN or Juniper, you might also go with the dynamic that is BGP routing. And I will probably show you this when we talked about the VPN connection between AWS and the Google Cloud or the Azure Cloud. Alright, now with respect to the static routing, we need to know what is the target network CIDR range. So on-premise data center range is 192.168.00.16. Now because it uses this range to set the static route on the VGW side, that is virtual private gateway side. Alright, now rest of the settings we will leave as it is. And let's create this VPN connection. Okay, so maybe it will take a minute or so for this VPN connection to be completely up. But that doesn't really finish our exercise because we have just completed AWS side of the configuration. Now, we need to use this VPN settings to configure our actual VPN server on the other side of the network. And for that, we need the VPN configuration file from AWS side, which has all these parameters. Like what are the IP addresses of the VPN server on the AWS side? What are the pre-shared secrets that needs to be configured? So if you go here, and if you just see these details, you will find quite interesting thing. For example, AWS creates two tunnels, as you know, for high availability. And these are the public IPs that it creates for those two tunnels. And as of now, the tunnels are down because we haven't configured the other end. So there are tunnel details, there are pre-shared keys and everything, which is there in this configuration file, which you need to download. So let's download the configuration file. And the vendor is OpenSwan, or you can go with the generic, but I think it provides the OpenSwan as an option. So OpenSwan, StrongSwan, or LibreSwan all have similar parameters. So you can just go for OpenSwan. Now with respect to the iKey version, we can go with iKey 1 or 2. So let's go with the default, that is 1. And let's download. So you need to save this configuration file as a text file. So I'm saving that. And shortly, I will open this file and I will show you the details in this file. Alright, so this file basically contains everything that you need to know to configure the right side of the network. So there are two tunnel details. So this is for tunnel 1. You need to configure a lot of things on the VPN server. For example, you need to configure sysctl.conf and set these parameters. Then you need to configure ipsec.conf and in that you need to add these connection details. Now these details won't be exactly as it is because depending on the VPN software that you use on the right side, some of the settings might change. And I will let you know while I configure that. Okay, so you can just follow these instructions and you can do everything on the VPN server there. And that's what I'm going to do. So first thing I need to SSH into the VPN server on the right side. And that is our this VPN server. So let me SSH into that. Alright, so because I opened the security group for the world, I can directly SSH from here through the console using the EC2 instance connect. So let me connect. Now one thing to make sure that all these instances are launched using Amazon Linux 2023 AMI. Now in the future, if AWS launches new AMIs, then it is possible that you would have to change some commands or some steps there. Right? Alright. So in order to get into this VPN server, the first thing that you should do is to install the LibreSwan VPN software. So let's say yum install LibreSwan and all these commands I have given with the slides so you can refer to them. Alright, so LibreSwan has been installed. Now next, we need to edit the cctl.conf file and add these three entries there and then run the command cctl-p to apply those changes. So let's do that. And I'm using the sudo command because I'm not root here. So let's say vi slash etc cctl.conf. And let's go towards the end and let's paste the content. That's it. Let's save the file and let's say sudo cctl-p to apply the changes. Alright. Next we want to make sure that slash etc ipsec.conf file contains this entry without hash. So let's make sure that. So I'm just doing cat to see the content ipsec.conf. So at the end, there shouldn't be hash before this include. So this file looks good. We don't need to do anything. Alright next we need to create this aws.conf file in the ipsec.d directory and also later aws.secrets file in the same directory. And in this file we will configure the tunnel1 detail. So let's do that now. Alright so let's do sudo vi and the file. And let's go into the insert mode and paste the content from the VPN configuration text file. So I'm just copying this content from here and simply pasting it here. Alright now you need to make some changes to this file and this is the most important thing if you are using say libre swan or open swan or strong swan as a VPN server. So the first thing you need to remove this auth equal to esp because this is already covered under this phase 2 algorithm and ikey handshake. So that's first thing. Second you need to change these algorithms because these are not considered to be the strongest cipher suits that is being used by the ipsec VPN connectivity. So we need to make some changes to this. And for that just refer to this slide where I have provided all these details. So you need to first remove this auth equal to esp and you need to change phase 2 algorithm to this value and the ikey value to this value. So let me also do the same. Alright so I'm just deleting these two lines and instead pasting the content from the slide and just adjust this indentation a little. Alright now another thing you need to configure the left subnet and the right subnet. Now here the left subnet means the actual side where we are configuring this and because it is a data center site the left side is its own and that is a network that is 192.168.0.0 slash 16 and the right side is other network which is the AWS side of the network and the VPC side that we need to put is this. Alright so everything is done. So here remember that you need to change these two parameters. You need to remove auth equal to esp and then you have to configure left and right subnet. Alright let's save it. Now similarly let's create another file called secrets and in that we need to provide the secrets which are again there in the VPN configuration file that we downloaded. So here again for the tunnel one if you see here this is a line that we need to add. So let's just copy that. Alright so I'm just pasting the secrets content and saving the file. Alright so everything is done. The last thing that we need to do is to sudo systemctl start ipsec.service. Alright that's done. Now let's check the status. Okay it's showing it as running and we see some handshake happening there. But that doesn't always mean that the tunnel has been established successfully. So the best test that we can do is to just try to ping to the private IP of EC2 instance A. So basically we are on this machine and from this VPN server we need to test the ping to this EC2 instance A here. Right. So for that let's go to the Mumbai region again. Let's go to the instances and this EC2 instance A's private IP we need to grab that is 10.0.0.0.73. So let's try to ping to this particular IP and you see currently it is not working. And can you guess why? Now let's go back to our diagram. So potentially we have done everything that is required to be done here. Right. We have set up the VPN connection, the tunnels and everything. The only thing that is missing so far is the root table for this EC2 instance A's private subnet and this is the entry that we want so that it knows how to route traffic to this other network. So now let's do that. All right. So let's go here to the Mumbai region and let's go to the root tables and let's go to the let me refresh this private root table, routes, edit these routes, add the route because it's a static route, we need to add ourself and the target is this network and it should go through the virtual private gateway, which is this. And let's just save that. All right. Once that is done, you see the traffic started flowing from the VPN server to the EC2 instance A. Okay. That means VPN is working as expected and you can verify that by just going down to the VPN connection that is side to side VPN connection. Just select the one and let's see the tunnel details and you see one of the tunnel is up. Now we haven't configured another tunnel. That's where it's down or otherwise, as I said in LibreSwan, it doesn't allow for both the tunnels to be up at the same time. So we will configure only one tunnel. All right. So that's done. And that's not the full exercise, because if you see the architecture that we had, we actually want to connect from this EC2 instance B to this A and for that we need to configure the root table for this particular EC2 B to send the traffic through the VPN server. And other than that, I forgot to tell you is that because now VPN server will act as a router, you need to disable the source destination check for this instance. Now, I'm not sure if you know about this, but it means that generally by default, any EC2 instance will accept the traffic for which the destination is that instance. So it will only accept the traffic where the destination IP is this VPN server's IP. However, if you see EC2 B is going to ping to EC2 A and we are routing that traffic through this VPN server. So which means VPN server would have to accept the traffic where the target is not VPN server and that's where we need to disable the source destination check setting for this instance. Right. So now let's do these two settings. First, this one and then we will modify the root table for this EC2 B subnet. All right. So first let's go to the North Virginia EC2 instance VPN server and sorry, let's go to the action networking, change this and stop the source destination checking. Okay, that's done. Now let's go to the root table for the private subnet. Let's refresh this once and we need to have this private root table here. Let's go to the roots and let's edit the roots and let's say if the traffic is for the AWS side of the network, then it has to be routed through the instance and that instance is the VPN server. And let's save the changes. All right. So everything is done. Now the last thing we need to reach to the EC2 instance B. Now how do we reach to that instance? Now, because we are already on VPN server here, we need to SSH into B from here. However, we need to bring the SSH key so that we can SSH. So for that, I need to first create the SSH key file here and this will be the same key with which we launched the EC2 instance B. So let me call it simply the key.pem file and paste the content of the North Virginia SSH key that I had. So I have these SSH key files already created. So I'll just edit this and copy this content and I will simply paste this file content here and save the file. Now we need to change the permission to 400 for security and then we need to SSH minus I with this file and the private IP address of EC2 instance B, which I can get from here, which is this. So let me just paste the private IP. Let's say yes. And you can see I am into the EC2 instance B. Now, if everything is perfect, the way we want it, then we should be able to ping to the EC2 instance A on the AWS side and the IP was 73. So let's just try. And we are able to ping. That means end-to-end connectivity is now working from EC2 instance B via the VPN server to the EC2 instance A. Now, additionally, you can also do SSH because we have opened the security group there, but this proves the end-to-end connectivity. All right. So that's it really about this exercise. Now, if you are also doing this exercise with me, then please don't forget to terminate all your EC2 instances and the VPN connections because they incur charge. So make sure that you terminate these three EC2 instances and then you terminate the VPN connection and delete virtual private gateways and both these VPCs. And the same thing I'm also going to do. Now, all the steps for setting this VPN, all the commands are given in the slides, which you can download from the link in the description. Right. So I hope you will be able to do this and you understand now how the site-to-site VPN works in AWS. So thanks for watching and stay tuned.