Hello and welcome to this lecture. So let's try to understand how the Route Propagation happens in case of VPN, and you know that there is two types of routings that VPN supports, the Static routing and the Dynamic routing, and let's understand how it works with respect to AWS site-to-site VPN. So we had already done the setup where we had AWS side of the VPN dominated on Virtual Private Gateway, and on the other side, we had a Customer Gateway, which was simulated, but then ultimately does the job. Now, in case of Static VPN, what happens, like you have to update the route tables on both sides of the connection, and you have to say like, if the traffic is going to particular destination on the right side, then the batch, the traffic should go through Virtual Private Gateway and similarly, route table you need to maintain on the Customer Gateway side, that if the destination is AWS CIDR, then the traffic should go through the Customer Gateway. Now, if network changes on any side of the VPN, for example, on Customer Gateway side, you extend that network to some other network. That means you have for the VPN connection to a third network. In that case, AWS network won't know that now your Customer Gateway can also be used to reach to a third network, right? In that case on AWS side, you need to update your route table for your subnets of course and tell that if the traffic is going for that network C, then also it should take the path through VPN gateway. So that means all these route table update has to be done manually, that's a Static routing. In case of Dynamic routing through BGP, of course, both the end leams the new network changes automatically. So that's how the BGP works, right? So on AWS side, the new routes are automatically propagated in the route tables, I will see that in some demo as well. Now, one thing to note, there is that AWS side of the route tables, that means the route table, which are attached to subnets, cannot have more than a hundred propagated routes. Now that's a limitation on AWS side, which means if on the customer side, if you are sending more than hundred routes through BGP, your connection might break, and we don't know how the exact behavior it would be, but the chances are your VPN connection can get terminated because AWS side of the network cannot tolerate or cannot accept more than hundred propagated routes. So in that case, what you are to make sure that these BGP connections or BGP routes, you are not publishing more than a hundred routes. Now, how you can restrict your number of routes to a hundred, maybe, if you are sending too many small CIDR routes, for example, you are sending 10.10.0.024, 10.10.1.24, Now, you know that all these ranges are a part of maybe a larger CIDR that is 10.10.0016 So what you can do, you can consolidate all these CIDRs into probably one big or large CIDR, and then you publish that or the BGP instead of sending the small CIDRs. So that's what you need to understand while setting up the BGP and route propagation on the AWS side. So let's see how it works. You know, there is a Corporate data center and there is VPC. In that case, we are setting the Virtual Private Gateway on AWS side and Customer Gateway on the customer side, and there is a site-to-site VPN connection between these two. On private subnet side, there would be a route table, in this rote table you will define an entry, say, if the traffic destination is 10.3.0020 it has to go through Virtual Private Gateway. Similarly, on the customer network side, also there will be a route table. It says if the traffic is going to 10.10.0016 which is a VPC CIDR, the traffic should go through the Customer Gateway. So in case of Static routing, you have to do that, of course, on both the side of the network and in case of Dynamic routing or using BGP, they will automatically share these routes with each other, we don't need to update the routing table. So that's what the Static routing and Dynamic routing has effect on route propagation. So remember that on AWS side, you can only accept a hundred routes from the customer network side. So that's it for this lecture, and thank you.