Hello, and welcome to this lecture, Dead Peer Detection, that is DPD. Now, DPD is a mechanism through which you can detect the problem in your VPN connection whether the other end is working or not. And this is important because many times probably you want to fail-over to another channel or another network for your VPN connection or for sometimes, maybe you want to close that connection due to security reasons. So DPD helps you to address that problem. So, you know this architecture we are talking about the same setup all the time. But then if you talk about the DPD, it's a method to detect liveliness of your IPSec VPN connection. Now, what that means is, on AWS side of the VPN connection and on CGW side of the VPN connection if you configure the DPD, that means it's optional settings. And this is decided during the phase one of IPSec negotiation. So VPN peers can decide that whether they want to use DPD or not. Now if DPD is enabled then what AWS side of the virtual private gateway does is it sends something called (R-U-THERE) DPD message to the customer gateway every 10 seconds. And then it would wait for an acknowledgement R-U-THERE-ACK. And it would check if there is no response from the other end for three consecutive time, that means in 30 seconds, that's the default timeout. Essentially it will terminate your VPN tunnel. It works at tunnel level. Now, how it works?. As I said, VGW will send R-U-THERE messages continuously and your customer gateway should response to those messages. Now, if customer gateway for some reason is not responding to your DPD packets for three consecutive times. The VGW will terminate the tunnel that's what the DPD is. Now, few more things you need to understand about the DPD is that. By default, when DPD occurs, your gateway would delete the security associations, which it creates during the IPSec handshake and during that process the alternate IPSec tunnel can be used. If you have configured both the tunnel in Active-Active mode. Now, default DPD timeout is 30 seconds, but then you can set it higher than the 30 seconds. DPD uses UDP port 500 and in case of NAT traversal, port 4500 to send this DPD packages, so make sure that these ports are enabled. Now, when DPD occurs, that means when the DPD timeout occurs, there are three actions that you can set on AWS side of the VPN connection. You can say that, when DPD occurs, maybe you clear the connection. That means in the IPSec session, stop the tunnel and clear the routes. Or you can say restart the IPSec IKE phase one, or take no action. So this is up to you, how you configure it, but the default action is to clear everything, that means you end your IPSec tunnel. Customer, which uses the Dynamic Routing must support the DPD at their router. That means if your router does not support DPD and you are using Dynamic Routing using BGP, then that router won't be able to make the connection with AWS or VGW. DPD is about checking the health of your VPN tunnel. But for inactivity of your tunnel, in the sense that if you're not sending any data across your tunnel, even though the tunnels are up, everything is working, but there is no server on either side which is continuously or which is sending the data through that tunnel, now this is called idle connection. Now, there is a setting called default idle timeout on customer gateway side of it. And if you set that timeout time, there is no packet flowing during that timeout period then also your VPN tunnel is terminated. Now, if you're using a Cisco router or Juniper, there are various values you can set. Like maybe a 30 minutes or one hour or two hour. And when this timeout occurs, in that case, you have to re-establish the VPN connection. Now, one workaround for this is to have some hosts on either side, which is continuously sending some ping request to other hosts in at other end of the VPN that makes sure there is always some data flowing through the VPN tunnel. And then your term connection won't be terminated. So that's some of the way in which you can keep your tunnel up and running all the time. So, that's it for this lecture. Just quickly, DPD is Dead Peer Detection and it is used to check the liveliness of your VPN tunnel. If you decide to use DPD, then on AWS side, it will continuously send R-U-THERE packets. And if there is no response to three consecutive requests, the AWS by default will terminate the VPN tunnel. You can set different action, like a restart or none, but the default is to clear the connection. So that's it about DPD important for your exam to have a fail-over scenarios. So remember this, thanks for watching.