Hello and welcome to this lecture. Now we understood about how AWS Site-to-Site VPN works now let's understand few architectural patterns. So, this would involve high availability of your VPN connection as well as how do you connect, say multiple branches of your office or multiple data centers to AWS VPC using multiple connections. So, let's see what all we are going to talk here. Now, very first thing, having a single VPN connection from AWS VPC to your office networks or your data center. Now, we have seen that that can be very well done with virtual private gateway, and that's what exercise also we did, but there is one more networking component in AWS that is transit gateway, and we have altogether a different section for that. But for completeness of the VPN architecture we are also going to talk about transit gateway in this lecture. So, that's about having one connection between AWS and on-prem data center or your branch office network. Now, you could also have multiple Site-to-Site VPN connection. That means you can connect one VPC to multiple branch offices all together. Now, that is like having multiple VPN connection. And we'll see how the architecture would look like. And finally, we'll see how to have redundant VPN connections. Now, why that? We already understood that there are two VPN tunnels for high availability. And that should actually suffice. But on customer gateway side, what if the gateway device itself goes down and both the VPN tunnels terminate on the same customer gateway. In that case probably having a redundant VPN connection would provide you much more resiliency of the connection. So, let's look at these architectures one by one. So, this is the architecture we have been talking about throughout this lecture. We saw this and we had done an exercise around this. So, here you have VPC and virtual private gateway and on the right side you have customer network. And then you connected this to our Site-to-Site VPN connection. And for high availability, there are two VPN tunnels flowing through. So, this, you know very well. There is a slight change in this. Instead of virtual private gateway you can also use a transit gateway. Now transit gateway is a relatively new networking component. It came in 2018, but now transit gateway you'll see everywhere, wherever you want to connect multiple VPCs together and having the architecture, like connecting VPCs to your on-premise network, then transit gateway is useful. Now, as I said there is a separate lecture which covers transit gateway, but in current exam at least I haven't seen transit gateway coming as a topic. But it's always good to know about that. So, what I mean by this architecture is that instead of having a virtual private gateway you can also create a transit gateway, attach your VPC to that. And then transit can do the same thing that virtual private gateway does. You can connect or set up a Site-to-Site VPN connection between customer gateway and a transit gateway. So, that's another networking component you can use here. So, that's pretty much it about having a single Site-to-Site VPN connection now let's look at other architectures. What if I have multiple corporate data centers and every corporate data center would have its own customer gateway, right? Maybe how branch offices there in the US at multiple locations and I want that all these branch offices can communicate to my cloud workloads. And those workloads are somewhere in, maybe (indistinct) into one VPC. Now, I don't have these branch offices connected with each other, just to find an example, but I want to make sure my VPC connects to every branch office. Now I don't need multiple virtual private gateways here. And you can't even have, you can't connect multiple VGWs to a single VPC. You just need to have one virtual private gateway here, attached to a VPC and then you can have multiple VPN connection to every customer gateway here. So, all these will terminate on the same virtual private gateway on AWS site. Now, while having this setup, remember that the aggregate bandwidth that virtual private gateway provides is limited by 1.25 Gbps. So, it does not mean you have full connection. That means the bandwidth will be multiplied by four, no. It would be 1.25 Gbps only. So, accordingly, you can imagine how much data you can transfer if you have, say up to eight or 10 connections your bandwidth, here at virtual private gateway would be shared by all these VPN connections. Now, there is a better option to that. As I said, there is a transit gateway as well, which does not have that kind of bandwidth limitation. So, you can very well replace this with transit gateway and again do the similar setup. So, the point is on VPC side you can have either virtual private gateway or transit gateway and then you can connect it to multiple branch offices using Site-to-Site VPN connection. Okay, with that, let's also talk about one more architecture, which is high availability for your VPN connection. So, as we understood we could have one private gateway here and then one customer gateway and customer data center site. And then there are two tunnels. The problem is what if the customer gateway itself goes down or you want to have some maintenance for that customer gateway device. In that case, both the tunnels will go down at the same time. So, rather what you can do, you can have multiple customer gateways, at least two on the right side, and then you can have two VPN Site-to-Site connections between your virtual private gateway and the customer gateways on the other side. So, this would provide you ultimately four tunnels. And that means if one customer gateway has a maintenance going on, you still have the connectivity through other VPN connection. And all that outing and everything, you can again configure in your out table, which routes to be taken. We already saw that; how to influence those routing decision. All that would apply here as well. So, you can have a redundant VPN connection for high availability. Okay, so these are few architecture I wanted to talk first and then later I will take some example, like I'll provide a scenario, like this is a scenario: I want to have this kind of connectivity. Then what would the architecture look like? So, once you understand everything about the VPN connections, we'll get into that lecture shortly. So, that's it for this lecture and thanks for watching.