So now let's talk about Trusted Advisor. So it's a service, you don't have to install anything, and it's going to give you a high level account assessment. So it's going to analyze your account and provide recommendations on several categories such as cost optimization, performance, security, fault tolerance, service limits and operational excellence, and I've put cost optimization, service limits, and operational excellence in bold because I think they are important going into the exam. So all customers of AWS have access to the core checks and recommendations. It's a few checks, but if you want to have access to the full trusted advisor, this is only available for business and enterprise support plans. On top of it, you can have weekly email notifications from the console directly set up from Trusted Advisor. Now, if you have the full Trusted Advisor, again, only available for enterprise and business support plans, then you have the ability to select CloudWatch alarms when reaching limits, and you get programmatic access using the AWS Support API. So we can talk about AWS support plans and there's four of them. There's basic support, developer, business and enterprise. Now, you don't need to remember the differences between all these support plans, but let's go over the basics that you do need to remember for the exam. The first one is basic support and it's included for all customers and it's free. And for Trusted Advisor, you're going to get seven score checks. If you use the developer plan, it's something you have to pay for. You get more business support from AWS, but it still only gives you access to seven core checks. As soon as you go into the business or the enterprise support plan, then you're going to have access to the full set of checks from Trusted Advisor and you're going to get programmatic access to the Trusted Advisor through the AWS support API. And that is something you have to remember going into the exam. So here are a few things you should know about Trusted Advisor. First of all, Trusted Advisor has a check to know if your S3 buckets are public, but it cannot check whether there are objects within your bucket that are made public, so therefore it's not the right solution for that. You should use Amazon Event Bridge or S3 Events or create an AWS config rule to check for compliance. In terms of service limits, yes, you can monitor service limits in Trusted Advisor, but if you want to increase a limit, you would need to manually open a support center case to increase its limits, or you can use the new API of the AWS service quota's service. So that means that you can come up with some very funky architecture to monitor your limits at scale, which I'm just showing you here, and you can have a look at it right now. So here, for example, we have a Lambda function that is going to refresh Trusted Advisor once in a while, and then Trusted Advisor has checks, which is going to evoke an event bridge rule. We can do the same with service quotas. So this time we can check for VCPUs in service quotas. This is a lower kind of limit you can have in that service. And again, in case something is being like over the limit or at the limit, then we can evoke an event rule. We can do this cross account as well. So the same kind of architecture works in a secondary account. And then thanks to event buses, we can have the events go from one EventBus to the central primary EventBus. From there, EventBridge may just have multiple targets. For example, an SNS topic to receive emails as an admin or an SQSQ so that you have a Lambda function that automatically summarizes its limits and sends them into a DynamoDB table and maybe a DLQ in case these events cannot be processed correctly. And finally, a Slack notifier to notify your admins that they're on Slack. That's something is happening in terms of your limits. And you need to have your admins have a look at it right now and Parameter Store if you wanted to get some credential informations from Slack stored securely. So I really like this architecture, and you can even improve it if you wanted to have automatically limits increases by making this Lambda function here actually increase the limits through the service quotas API, but this is a cool architecture. So that's it for Trusted Advisor. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.