Now let's discuss EC2 Launch types and savings plans. So we have On Demand Instances and they're here for when you have short workloads with predictable pricing and they're going to be very reliable. They're the kind of instances that you launch when you first start on the console. Spot Instances are going to be great when you have very short workloads, they're going to be cheap, but you run the risk of losing these instances because AWS can reclaim capacity and therefore using Spot Instances is not considered reliable. So they're great when you need to have huge cost savings and when your when your workload is resilient to failures. Now if you go for long workloads, you can go for the Reserved Instances. And it's minimum one year that you need to commit. And so you have different kinds; you have the Reserved Instances for long workloads, you have the Convertible Reserved Instances for long workloads where you have flexible instance types, and then we'll see in the next slide, we have something better called savings plan. Then we have Dedicated Instances. So, we have the guarantee with these instances that no other customers will share your hardware or will have Dedicated Hosts where you book an entire physical server and you also control instant placements within the server. So these Dedicated Hosts have a use case. This is great for software licenses that will operate at the core or socket level because you do have access to the core or circuits, and then you can also define host affinity so that the instance reboots are kept on the same hosts. Okay, so that's for the EC2 Easy to Launch types. Then for the savings plan, this is a new pricing model to get discounts based on long-term usage. So I think over time, this is going to replace reserve instances. So the idea is that you're going to commit to a certain type of usage. For example, you say, "hey, I will spend $10 per hour for the next 1 to 3 years." And then any usage beyond the savings plan is going to be billed at the on-demand price, but then beforehand, you are doing these savings. So you have the EC2 instance Saving Plans which gives you up to 72% discount which is the same discount as standard RIs, but it's more flexible because you have to- You can select the instance family, so M5, C5, and so on, and you're locked to a specific region and it's going to be flexible across size. So it could be an M5 large and m5.4xlarge and so on. You can get any OS you want, so Windows, Linux, and then the tenancy can be either dedicated or default. Then you get a Compute Savings plan. So it's 66%, which is the same as the convertible RIs, and with these, you get the ability to move between instance families. So you can have a C5 and then have an M5. You can move across regions. So you can go from Ireland to the US, or you can have different compute types. So it could be for EC2 instances, for Fargate, for Lambda, and you can change the OS and you can change the tenancy. So they're the most flexible obviously which is why they're a little bit less intense in terms of savings, but they're great. And then finally, there's the SageMaker Savings Plan which allows you to save up to 64% off on your SageMaker workloads. All right, let's say for this lecture, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.