Okay, so now let's talk about cost savings in S3. And for this, we'll get started with S3 storage classes. Now, in the next lecture, I've included a full lecture detailing exactly what each storage class does, in case you don't know, but in case you know, I wanna make this lecture very short for you in order not to bore you. So, the first class is S3 Standard-General Purpose. Then we have S3 Standard-Infrequent Access. This is when our objects are going to be infrequently accessed, and so we want to have some cost saving by having them being cheaper, but we're going to pay a little bit more every time we're trying to access these objects. Then we're getting S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access. This is where objects are gonna be cheaper as well to store in S3, but this time if you lose a full AZ, then you will lose access to your objects. So you need to make sure that these objects are recoverable or can be recreated. For example, thumbnails from S3 images can be a very good use case for One Zone IA. Intelligent Tiering, which is going to be smart enough to move objects in between the tiers in order to give you the maximum amount of cost saving. And you have to pay for that monitoring. So you have to pay for each object that is being monitored. But all in all together, you have less management on your part and you should save some money. Then we have Amazon S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval, which is a Glacier tier, which allows you to retrieve your files very, very quickly. We have Flexible Retrieval where you have more flexibility into how you want to retrieve your file. And then Deep Archive for files are going to be giving you the most cost saving, but that will take a long time to be retrieved and to move between all these storage classes, you can use either manual actions or you can define an S3 Lifecycle configuration that will automatically transition your objects to a different tier after a certain amount of time. So the first cost saving is going to be using S3 Lifecycle Rules. Then we can automatically transition objects between tiers or even delete objects, and that will obviously save us some money. In terms of object storage, if we're able to compress our objects before sending it into S3, then we're obviously going to save in storage space and therefore we'll pay less money. Finally, there's a feature I haven't mentioned yet, but it is good to mention it right now, which is S3 Requester Pays. With Requester Pays, you're making sure that the person requesting for the object is going to have to pay and not you. So in general, bucket owners pay for all Amazon S3 storage, their storage, and data transfer costs associated with their buckets. But when you enable Requester Pays, only the requester will pay for the cost of the request and the data download from the bucket. So you still have the cost of storing the data in your bucket, but all the transfer cost to download the data from the bucket is going to be at the charge of the requester. So if you have an object that's, for example, a large data set, and you need to share it with like thousands of accounts, and obviously, you don't want to bear all the network costs for this, you can enable S3 Requester Pays, and then each account that will request the data from your bucket will have to pay the data transfer and not you. And for this feature to work, you need to make sure you set up an S3 bucket policy that obligates S3 Requester Pays to work. And so the users have to be authenticated with IM before they are able to request a data from your bucket. But now there's a trick, right? Because if you allow your users to access your S3 bucket by using an assumed cross account IAM role, then the owner of the account of that role is going to be the one paying for the request. So if you create a role in your account and you give other accounts access to that role, and then that role queries your S3 buckets, then you're going to pay for the request because the request comes from within your accounts. So if you want to make sure that other accounts are paying for the request, you do not need to use IAM role. You need to create an S3 bucket policy and make sure other users are authenticated using an IAM role or IAM user that corresponds to their accounts. And that's it. That's all you need know about S3 cost savings. I will see you in the next lecture.