Okay, so there are more tools to manage your costs in AWS. The first one is AWS Budgets, which allows you create a budget, and then send alarms, when the costs are exceeding your budgets. So you have four kinds of budget you can define in the Budget service. You have usage, cost, reservation, and savings plan. And so you define what you want for which type of budget, and then you will receive an alarm. So in the case of reserved instances, this budget, you can track the utilization of these ROIs. It supports EC2, ElastiCache, RDS, and Redshift And you can define up to five SNS notifications per budget. Now these budgets are very granular. You can filter by service, linked account, tag, purchase option, instance type, region, region availability zone, API operation, et cetera, et cetera, which are the same options as Cost Explorer. The first two budgets are free, but then you're going to pay two cents per day per budget. We also have Budget Actions. So the idea is that you want the budget service to run an action on your behalf, whenever a budget exceeds a certain cost, or usage threshold. We have three action types: We can, for example, apply a specific IAM policy to a user, a group, or an IAM role. Thus, for example, restricting users, groups, or roles, from doing anything. We can also apply service control policies directly into an OU, again, to restrict what an account can do or you can automatically stop EC2, or RDS instances. These actions can be executed automatically, or they can require a workflow approval process, to make sure that some human says "yes," before these actions are implemented. The goal of budget actions is to reduce the unintentional overspending in your accounts. So if we like an example of an OU, with management account, and a dev OU of member accounts, then we can create a budget, and then in case the budget reaches a specific threshold, then we can automatically apply an SCP onto the development OU, to make sure to restrict the member accounts. So in this example, we would make the budget tailored for the dev OU itself. So we have two types of architecture when managing budgets in AWS: You have the centralized budget management, and decentralized budget managements. So in the centralized management of your budget, here's an example, where we have the management accounts, and then an OU with a member account, and a restrictive OU. So we create a budget in the management accounts, for every member accounts that we want to monitor. So if we have 10 member accounts, we create 10 budgets in the management accounts, but we apply a filter on each budget, and the filter can be an account filter, so that the budget is tailored to one specific account. Therefore, effectively, by creating a budget into the management account, we are effectively, but not actually, creating a budget for the member account. Now, when the budget exceeds a threshold, then we can send a notification into SNS, which can trigger a Lambda function, and that Lambda function can have the API call embedded into its code, to move the account that has breached its threshold, into a more restrictive OU, where an actual SCP has already been applied. So effectively, we move that member account from OU to a restrictive OU, and there we don't allow it to create new resources, and so on. On top of it, to be notified of this move we can also make the Lambda function send an email to an Amazon SNS topic, through an Amazon SNS topic, to our administrators, for example. So that is centralized budget management, because here, we manage all the budgets of our organization, within the management accounts itself. We also have decentralized the budget managements. So in this case, while the budgets are going to be managed directly into the member accounts, but to simplify distributing these budgets, and creating them in each member account, we can use a CloudFormation stack sets, to deploy these budgets. So we have a budget in each member account, and that budget can have the same thing. For example, send messages into an SNS topic, and then trigger an email, in case we are about to reach a specific threshold for budget. Or if it's a critical notification, for example, budget has been exceeded, then again, send a notification, and trigger a Lambda function that would, for example, stop all EC2 instances. And that's just one example. Talking about Cost Explorer, so it's a way for you to visualize, understand, and manage your AWS cost and usage over time, and you create custom reports that will analyze your costs, and usage data. You're Going to analyze your data at a high level. So you're going to get overview into your total cost, as well as usage across all accounts. But you can go deeper, and you can analyze it monthly, hourly, and at the resource level. Cost Explorer is a great service to allow you to \choose an optimal savings plan. As we saw before, savings plans are a way to commit to a certain dollar amount over time, and lower your prices on your bill. Now with Cost Explorer, there's also a nifty feature, in which you can forecast usage of your cost, up to 12 months in advance, based on previous usage. So if we look at Cost Explorer, this is the interface, and we get access to a lot of filters, as I said, the same filters for Cost Explorer and for Budgets, as well as some detailed graphs around how your costs are spread out over time, and so on. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.