So, now we're getting into a section that is a little less fun than the other ones. It's about responsible AI, security, governance, and compliance for AI solution. So this section is going to be mostly text-based. It's necessary that we go through it, because it is an important section, and a big part of the exam. But lemme tell you right now, this is not fun content. It's about responsibility, security, and so on. But let's go. I'll try to make it good. So first, let's talk about the overview of what we're going to see in this section in depth. So we have responsible AI. The idea is that with responsible AI, we want to make sure that the AI systems are going to be transparent and therefore trustworthy, so that your users trust the outcomes. You want to be mitigating potential risks and negative outcome. Throughout the AI lifecycle, you want to have responsible AI. So, that means from the design, the development, the deployment, the monitoring, and the evaluation. Next, we talk about security. So, we need to ensure that there is confidentiality, that there's integrity, and that the availability of your systems are maintained. And this applies to your data, your information assets, and your infrastructure. Next we have governance. And governance is here to ensure that we can add value and manage risk in the operation of the business by having clear policies, guidelines, and oversight mechanisms, and to ensure that all the systems will align with legal and regulatory requirements. The goal of it, of course, is to improve trust. And then we have compliance. So, compliance is to ensure the adherence to regulations and guidelines for sensitive domains such as healthcare, finance, and legal applications. So, responsible AI, security, governance, and compliance are distinct domains, but they have a lot of overlap in the way they act, behave, and try to improve your system. So, if you feel like I'm repeating myself a little bit in this section, this is normal, it's because there's a lot of overlap. Now what we're going to do is to have a look at each of these topics in greater details and learn about them. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.