So, let's talk about now responsible AI. So, what are the core dimensions of responsible AI? First of all, we want fairness. We want to promote inclusion and prevent discrimination. We want explainability, and we'll have a look in greater detail into what that means in this lecture. We will have privacy and security. That means that the individuals control when and if their data is used by your models. We want transparency, and we'll have a look at it in a slide that's coming up. We want veracity and robustness. That means that your system should be reliable even in unexpected situations. We want governance, and we'll have a look at governance in greater detail, of course. And we want safety. We wanna make sure the algorithms are safe and beneficial for individuals and society as a whole. And finally, controllability. We want to have the ability to align our model to human values and intents. So, there are some services on AWS, which allow you and help you to implement responsible AI. So, for Amazon Bedrock, we can have human or automatic model evaluation to make sure that it has enough quality regarding our benchmark. We can also set up Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock. This is where we can filter content, redact the PI, so the personal information. We can enhance safety and privacy. We can block undesirable topics and filter harmful contents. With SageMaker Clarify, we can do foundational model evaluation on accuracy, robustness, and toxicity, and we can detect bias. For example, find that your data is geared towards middle-aged people. With SageMaker Data Wrangler, we can actually fix that bias by balancing the datasets. So, there's a feature in Data Wrangler called Augment Data, and the idea is that you're going to generate new instances of data for underrepresented groups. For example, say you don't have many young people data in your dataset, but you have a little bit, then you're going to augment this data, to copy and paste it pretty much, with some changes, to make sure that now you are representing and balancing your datasets. You have SageMaker Model Monitor to do quality analysis of your models in production, and you have Amazon Augmented AI, or A2I. The idea is that now, you can get human review of your machine learning predictions in case they are of types of low confidence. And for governance, we have SageMaker Role Manager to implement security on the user level in SageMaker. We have Model Cards for the documentation of your models and Model Dashboard to be able to look at all your models being deployed at once and make sure that everything is going fine. Also, AWS has implemented something called the AWS AI Service Cards. So, you will find it for a few services, such as Amazon Textract or Amazon Rekognition, and the idea is that there are documentation you can find on the website of AWS, and they are a form of responsible AI documentation. They help you understand the service and its features, and you will find the intended use cases and limitation as well as the responsible AI design choices, and the deployment and performance optimization best practices. So, it is a good thing to follow if you wanted to document your own models as well. Now, let's talk about interpretability and explainability. So, we wanna have a responsible AI, so we wanna make sure we're interpretable. What does that mean? That means that a human can understand the cause of a decision of a machine learning model, and so therefore, we need to have access into the system and we need to be able to interpret the model's outputs to answer why and how. So, your model can have very high interpretability or very poor interpretability, and the performance of it, that means how sophisticated it's going to be, can be very poor, very simple, or very high, very complicated. And so if you want to have high transparency from a responsible AI perspective, you need to have high interpretability, and if you have this, you will have poor performance. So, the line looks like this. So, a model that's, for example, a linear regression is very easy to interpret. We have done it several times in this course. It's a line, and we can understand how it was created and what it means, but it has very poor performance, because not a lot of data out there follows a linear curve. On the opposite end of the spectrum, we have neural networks. They have very good performance, but it's very hard to interpret them. Because we have so many layers in the neural network, it's impossible for us to understand what the network is actually doing. So, very poor interpretability, but very high performance. And based on the machine learning algorithm you're going to choose, it's going to rank somewhere along these lines. You don't need to know them, but it's good for you to know what it looks like. So next, we have explainability, and explainability is the understanding of the nature and the behavior of your machine learning model. That means to be able to look at the inputs and the outputs and explain without understanding exactly how it works how the model came to the conclusion, and say, well, based on these inputs and this output, I can probably explain how it came to the conclusion. That's very important, and so it's different than interpretability, but sometimes explainability can be enough from a responsible AI perspective. So, an example of a high-interpretability model is a decision tree. So here, decision trees are supervised learning algorithms used for classification and regression tasks. So, this example is about classification, where we have someone and we wanna know based on their income and their credit history, what type of risk profile they have. So, we are going to split the income into three branches. The first one is more than $50,000 a year, the second one is between 20 and $50,000 a year, and the last one is less than $20,000 a year. Now, we know right away that if the income is very low, then we have a high risk of credit default. Next, we look at credit history, and in credit history, we can again look at if the credit history is good, is bad, or is unknown, and again, based on these decisions combined with the income branch we are in, we can make decision about low risk and moderate risk and so on. And so, this is a decision tree. It's very easy to read and figuring out which branches is actually quite easy. So, we split the data based on the feature values and the splitting can be rules, very simple rules such as, "Is the feature greater than five?" or, "What is the income?" et cetera, et cetera. So, to create an optimal one requires complex algorithms, but it's easily interpretable and easily readable. Now, if you do too many branches, you are prone to overfitting, because you're trying to fit all your data into the most amount of criteria. So, decision trees are a very simplistic type of model, but they're very easy to interpret and represent a clear visual representation of how your machine learning algorithm is working. If your model is not easily interpretable, we can still look at partial dependence plots, or PDP, to understand how a variable may impact your model. So here, we look at a single feature and we make it vary while holding all the other features constant, and we look at how it influences the predicted outcome. For example, here we have the predicted loan approval probability from zero to one on the y-axis, the vertical axis, and on the horizontal axis, we have the income, and we can see that when the income grows from, say, 50,000 all the way to 125,000, we have a strong correlation to the loan approval probability, but after it grows from 125,000 all the way to high numbers such as 200,000, we can see has less impact, so the PDP plots are very, very helpful for this. So, it's particularly helpful when your model is a black box, for example, a neural network, and these plots help with interpretability and explainability. So now, let's talk about the concept of human-centered design for explainable AI, so HCD. The idea is that you want to design AI systems that gives priority to human needs. So, there's several lenses you can do this for. The first one is to design for amplified decision making. That means that, for example, you're taking a decision in a very stressful or high-pressure environment, and you want to use AI, but you want to minimize risk and errors. So here, we want to design for clarity, simplicity, and usability, because they allow us to think about our decision process and be accountable for our decisions. So, when you have a high-pressure environment, make sure you get as much clarity, simplicity, and usability as possible. You can also design for unbiased decision making. So here, we want to make sure our decision process is going to be free from any kind of bias. So, as a decision maker that is using AI, you need to recognize and mitigate biases, and of course, we need to make sure our dataset is free of bias, but you can never have this 100% of the time, and so understanding and having the critical thinking that a model can be biased is also super important. And then you can design for human and AI learning. So, there's something called cognitive apprenticeship, where the AI systems must learn from human instructors and experts, and this is what we've seen, for example, with RLHF, so reinforcement learning with human feedback, but also you need to make sure that if a human is learning from an AI system, we have some level of personalization to make sure that your needs and your preferences are going to be met. And finally, make sure this is a user-centered design. That means that a wide range of users will have access to your AI model and can benefit from it. Okay, so that's it for responsible AI. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.