So, why is governance and compliance important? Well, first of all, governance is about managing, optimizing, and scaling the organizational AI initiative. So, governance is going to be instrumental in order to build trust. And in the end of the day, trust is very important on the AI systems. You need to ensure responsible and trustworthy AI practices, and you need to mitigate risks that include bias, privacy violation, or unintended consequences. You need to establish clear policies, guidelines, and oversight mechanisms to ensure AI systems align with legal and regulatory requirements. Need to protect yourself from potential legal or reputational risks in case of an issue. And you need to foster public trust and confidence in the responsible deployment of AI. So, all of this we've already said, but it's good to remind you of them. So, let's talk about a governance framework. How do you have this? So, here's an example approach. You could establish an AI governance board or a committee, and this is a team that should include representative from various departments, such as legal, compliance, data privacy, and SMEs, or subject matter experts, for AI development. Then you define the roles and the responsibilities of the governance board. So, who is in charge of oversight, policy making, risk assessment, and decision-making process? And then you implement these policies and procedures by developing comprehensive policies and procedures that will address the entire AI lifecycle from data management to model deployment and monitoring. So, there are some tools on AWS that can help you with governance. And if they appear at the exam in greater detail, I will tell you about them, but this is just for those who know about AWS. So, you have AWS Config, you have Amazon Inspector, you have AWS Audit Manager, AWS Artifacts, AWS CloudTrail, and finally, AWS Trusted Advisor. Again, if they appear on the exam, you can rest assured that I will explain to you in greater detail how these work. So, what can be some governance strategies? Well, first of all, you have your policies, so your principles, your guidelines, and your responsible AI considerations. So, you need to consider data management, model training, output validation, safety, and human oversight, so have policies on all of those. And also look at intellectual property, bias mitigation, and privacy protection. You need to define a review cadence. So, this is going to be a combination of technical, legal, and responsible AI review, and you need to have a clear timeline. Is it monthly, quarterly, annually, and so on? And who is included? So, you can have your subject matter experts, you can have your legal and compliance teams, and end users. Then, what is your review strategy? So, you can have technical reviews on model performance, data quality, and algorithm robustness, or you can have non-technical reviews on policies, responsible AI principles, and regulatory requirements. And you need to make sure to test and validate the procedure for the outputs before deploying a new model. So, what are your safety checks in place? And finally, based on the review results, you need to have a clear decision-making framework in order to make the right decisions based on your assessment. You need to have transparency standards. So, you need to publish information about the AI models, about the training data, as well as the key decisions that were made to create your AI. And document the limitations, capability, and use cases of your AI solutions. And you should create channels for your end users and your stakeholders to provide you direct feedback and raise concerns. Then you need to train your team. So, train them on relevant policies, on guidelines and best practices, and to train them on bias mitigation and responsible AI practices. You need to be able to encourage cross-functional collaboration and knowledge sharing and to implement a training and certification program within your company. So, this is for overall governance strategies, but then you have data governance strategies. So, for responsible AI, making sure you have a responsible framework and guidelines on bias, fairness, transparency, and accountability. And to monitor AI and gen AI for your potential bias, fairness issues, and unintended consequences. You need to also to educate and train your teams on responsible AI practices. Then, for your data governance strategy, you need to, again, to have structures and roles, so a data governance council or committee, and you need to define the clear roles and the responsibility for your data stewards, your data owners, and your data custodians, and to provide training and support to your AI and machine learning practitioner. Then you need to have strategies on data sharing and collaboration. For example, how to securely share data within the company by having agreements, and also how to make sure you can share data to give access to data without compromising ownership, so this could be data virtualization or federation. And also, how to foster a culture of data-driven decision-making and collaborative data governance. Next, you need to have a few data management concepts, so around your data lifecycle, around collection, processing of your data, storage, consumption, and archival, but need to have also governance around data logging, so tracking the inputs and the outputs of your system, the performance metrics, and the system events, and understand where your data is, so data residency, because where it's processed and stored can have impacts on regulations, privacy requirements, and you need sometimes to ensure that there is proximity of your compute layer and your data layer. For data monitoring, you need to look at data quality, identify anomalies and data drift. For data analysis, you need to do statistical analysis, data visualization, and exploration. For data retention, you need to look at what are your regulatory requirements, what is the historical data for training, and the cost associated with retaining data? Finally, for data lineage, so in the governance space, so once you have your data, you need to document the source citation. So, what are the sources of the data? You do attribution and then you acknowledge them. What are the datasets, databases, and other sources you're using? What are the relevant licenses, terms of use, or permissions associated with that data? You need to also document the data origin, so how was the collection process? For example, you took data from various sources, you combine it and then you transform it, you clean it, you curate it, you pre-process it, and in the end it gives you the final data. Also, once you have all your datasets, you need to do data cataloging, so that means organizing and documenting your datasets. It's going to be very helpful to have data lineage to enhance transparency, traceability, and accountability. So, let's say for governance, as you can see, those are a lot of pointers into different directions that your organization can go into to implement it. But from an exam perspective, you understand now the importance of governance and a few concepts behind it. So, I hope you liked this lecture, and I will see you in the next lecture.