So now let's talk about security and privacy for AI systems. So the first area is threat detection. For example, you want to be able to detect when fake content is being generated or when data is being manipulated or when attacks are being automated. So you can deploy an AI based threat detection system to protect your AI system. You can also analyze the network traffic, the user behavior, or other relevant data sources. You can also do vulnerability managements. So in your AI systems, you may be using software and the software may have bugs or the model may have weaknesses, and so you need to conduct regular security assessments, penetration testing and code reviews, as well as having strong processes in place for patch management and update processes in case some softwares are fixed by third parties. Next, you need to have infrastructure protection. So if you're on the cloud, you need to secure the cloud computing platform, but also the edge devices, so the devices that are out there in the world and your data stores. You need to implement access control. You need to have network segmentation to protect your network and to encrypt your data to prevent someone stealing it. And you must ensure that you can withstand systems failure. Okay, next, we have prompt injections. So we've seen those, but we need to make sure that we are aware of manipulated prompts to generate malicious or undesirable content, and so we need to implement guardrails such as prompt filtering, sanitization, and validation. So here's an example of a prompt injection where we ask a SQL payload to confirm a vulnerability, but the model is saying, no, I cannot do this because it will be helping you gain unauthorized access or perform illegal activities and the model is bound by ethical boundaries. But then we're trying to work around it and saying that now we are doing a use case where someone else must be writing something and testing something, and then well, the model starts giving us actual examples of how we can do it and then start giving us the code. So we need to be very careful about these things. We need to have data encryption, so making sure the data is encrypted at rest and in transit, and also managing the encryption key properly so that to make sure they're protected against any kind of unauthorized access. So this is for the security. Now, how about monitoring our AI systems? So we need to monitor the performance metrics, such as the model accuracy, so how many positive predictions we're doing, the precision, how precise are our positive predictions? The recall. How many are actually said to be positive, but actually not positive? And then we have some metrics such as the F1 score, which is the average of the precision and the recall. And we need to look at latency, which is a time taken by the model to make a prediction. You also need to monitor your infrastructure to catch bottlenecks and failures. So that means having a look at your compute resources, so your CPU and GPU usage, your network performance, your storage, your system logs, and so on. And also you need to account for bias and fairness, compliance and responsible ai. So in AWS, we have the shared responsibility model. So AWS is going to be responsible of the security of the cloud. That means protecting its own infrastructure such as the hardware, the software, the facilities, and the networking that are backing all the AWS services. So the security of Amazon Bedrock, SageMaker, Amazon S3, et cetera, is the responsibility of AWS, but you are responsible of your own security in the cloud. That means that if you're using Amazon Bedrock, you are responsible for data management, for doing access controls, for setting up the guardrails, et cetera, et cetera, and also to encrypt the application data. And some controls are being shared. For example, patch management, configuration management, awareness and training. And this is all summarized in a diagram called the share responsibility model diagram, where you can see what AWS is responsible for and what you are responsible for as well. Now, let's talk about the best practices to perform secure data engineering. So first of all, you need to assess data quality. You need to make sure your data is complete. That means you have diverse and comprehensive range of scenarios. You need to make sure it's accurate, so you have accurate up to date and representative data, and you need to assess timeliness such as the age of the data in a data store. You need to look at consistency to maintain coherence and consistency in the data lifecycle. You need to do data profiling and monitoring, and as well perform data lineage. Then you have privacy enhancing technologies. So for example, you may want to do data masking to mask some fields or data obfuscation to minimize the risk of data breaches. You also want to use encryption and sometimes tokenization to protect data during processing and during its usage. Then we have data access control. So we need to make sure we have a comprehensive data governance framework with clear policies. We need to set up role-based access control to make sure your users have access to only what they need based on their role, and also fine-grained permissions to restrict access in a very, very concise and clear way. You can implement security mechanisms such as single sign-on or multifactor authentication, or use identity and access management solutions for your users. You need also to have a look at all data access activities. So we need to monitor them and log them. And also for the access rights, you need to regularly review them and update them based on the least privileged principles, which means that someone must have access to the least amount of systems to only do its required job. You need to look finally at data integrity. So making sure that the data is complete, consistent and free from errors and inconsistencies, you need to have robust data backup and recovery strategies. You must maintain data lineage and have audit trails, and you must monitor and test the data integrity controls to ensure effectiveness. So that's it, we've learned about security in ai. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.