So now let's talk about a framework called the Generative AI Security Scoping Matrix. And this framework is designed to help you identify and manage security risks associated with deploying GenAI applications. So it classifies your apps into five defined GenAI scopes from low to high ownership. So the first scope is a consumer app, and the consumer app is using public GenAI services, for example, if using ChatGPT or Midjourney. Here you have very, very low ownership. Then we have an enterprise app. So it's an app that is, for example, using software as a service GenAI features. And for examples you can have Salesforce Einstein GPT or Amazon Queue Developer. So here you're using someone else's service, but you are also customizing it a little bit so you have higher ownership. Then we have pre-trained model. So this says when you are using an app, you're building your app on a pre-trained model on the version model, such as, for example, the Amazon Bedrock base models, but you haven't trained the model yourself, so it's medium level of ownership. Then you have fine tune models. So this time you want to use, for example, Amazon Bedrock customized models or SageMaker Jumpstart, and you're going to fine tune the model with your data. Because you are providing your own data, then of course, the ownership is going to be higher because now you have to maintain that as well. And on the very end of the ownership spectrum, you have the self-trained models. This is where you train a model from scratch on your data, for example, using the SageMaker service. And here you own everything, from the algorithm, to the data, to everything else. And so when you apply security on top of it, based on the type of scope you have, you may have a different concern. So governance and compliance, legal and privacy, risk management controls and resilience, all these things change based on the type of scope you have. And I still need you to know from this exam perspective, but it's good for you to be aware that there's different level of ownership based on the GenAI use-case and how you do it, and there are different associated security risks with all of those. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.