So now let's talk about machine learning operations or MLOps. So you wanna make sure that the models, they're just not developed once and then forgotten about, but also deployed, monitored, and systematically retrained and repeatedly. So that means that you need practice, and this practice is an extension of DevOps in order to deploy your code and your models regularly. So the key principles behind machine learning ops, MLOps is version control. So you want to have your data, your code, and your models version controlled so that you can roll back if necessary to a previous version. You want automation of all stages, including the data ingestion, the pre-processing, the training, et cetera, et cetera. You want to have continuous integration to test your models consistently and continuous delivery to have the delivery of these models in production. You want to have continuous retraining as you have new data or as you get feedback from your users. And you want to get continuous monitoring to make sure your model is not drifting in terms of bias or in terms of your satisfaction and so on. So if we look at a machine learning project or pipeline, we have data preparation, the model is being built, then it's being evaluated, then we select it, we deploy it, and we monitor it. And so if you want to automate many of these steps, you could create an automated data pipeline to do the data preparation, then an automated building and testing pipeline to do the model build and model evaluation, then a deployment pipeline to do a ML selection amongst the best candidates and deploy to production. And finally, a monitoring pipeline to make sure that everything is working as expected. And along the way, you wanna make sure everything is version controlled. So you need to have a data repository with versions on your data sets, a code repository with version on your code and a model repository or registry with versions on the deployed models. And that gives you an idea around the field of machine learning operations and the kind of rigor it needs to bring, but the kind of benefits it has, because now that everything is automated, we're feeling much more confident about our model deployment, model development, and so on. So I hope you liked this short introduction to machine learning ops, MLOps. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.