Now let's discuss AWS step functions. So step functions allow you to model a workflow as state machines and you have one state machine per workflow. So this could be used if you want to have an order fulfillment or data processing, a web application or any workflow you want. The idea is that you will define what happens and what happens next, and then what happens based on some condition and so on to define a workflow. So as you can see on the right hand side, there's a visual workflow. We start and we have an example, is it yes or no? If it's no, then you go to the end. If it's yes, then you wait three seconds. Then you say, "Hello" and "World," you compile the result into "Hello World" and you go into end. So we'll be going through hands-on to make it specific but the idea is that you define a workflow in JSON and this JSON allows you to get a visualization of the workflow and then it gets executed visually, and then we can see the history of the execution itself. So the idea is that every little step in the workflow is going to be, for example, a Lambda function or inserting data into DynamoDB or a specific ECS task, and the step function is going to be the thing that orchestrates this workflow for you. To start a workflow, you can use an SDK API call, you can use API gateway, you can use CloudWatch Events or Amazon EventBridge, they're the same thing, or you can launch, obviously, a step function manually from the console, as we will be doing it in the hands-on. So step functions have a bunch of boxes as you see on the right hand side and these boxes are called tasks. And so the task state is used to do some work in your state machine. So the task state could be invoking a Lambda function or it could be invoking a Batch job or running an ECS task and wait for it to complete or to insert an item directly from step functions into the DynamoDB or to publish a message into SNS or SQS or even to launch another step function workflow. All these things can be defined in a task state, or a task could also be running one activity and that activity could be an EC2 machine or an Amazon ECS task or on-premises server that is going to be pulling for some work from step functions to do the work and then send back the results to the step function. The idea is that here, we are more free in terms of that, the app server is not invoked by the step function, the step function at the app server is actually pulling for step functions to find activities and work to do. Which is more similar to how a service called SWF worked in AWS. So I wanna make this super concrete. So let's say we want to define a task state to invoke a Lambda function. So we're going to define a JSON and as you can see, the name is "Invoke Lambda function," the type is task and the resource is Lambda function invoke. Then the parameters is the function name, so we specify the function name, and we pass it on input payload to our Lambda function. Then we say next, to go to the next state, and the time out, to see if our Lambda function is timing out. So what can be states in step functions? We could have this Choice State, to test for a condition to send it to a branch or the default branch. It could be a Fail or Succeed State, to stop executing the step function workflow with a success or a failure. It could be a Pass State, simply to pass the input to the output or to inject some fixed data without performing some work. It could be a Wait State, to provide a delay for a certain amount of time or until a specified date and time. It could be a Map State, to dynamically iterate steps, or a Parallel State to begin parallel branches of execution. What you need to remember from the exam perspective is most likely going to be the parallel states. So, and the task state that I showed you from before, obviously. So I wanna show you what happens visually. So we have a execution workflow and this is a workflow. So we submit a job. We wait for X seconds. We get the job status. Is the job complete? Yes or no, if not wait again, and so there's a loop. And when the job is complete, either you get the final job status because you completed successfully or if the job failed, then you maybe go and deal with that failure, and all of this go to the end. So as the execution is started, we're going to start, submit a job. We're gonna wait for X seconds and the blue is whatever is in progress. Then it goes into several loops and then the job status is done, and then we get the final job status and we go to the end, and this gives us a visual aspect of our step functions. So the step function is really is here to orchestrate whatever work you need to do, to define how your state machine is going to look like. What your workflow is going to look like, and I know that right now, this may be, what the hell is this talking about? This is very confusing. I can do all of that in just one Lambda function to program, but I will show you in the next lecture, a hands-on on step functions. It should make a lot more sense, and then I will show you the whole power of state functions in the further lecture by talking about error handling. So I will see you in the next lecture for the hands-on.