So let's go ahead and create a state machine that will be using Lambda functions. So I'm going to click on Create state machine, and this time I'm going to use a blank format. As we can see, we can start building the workflow using the designer. So you can, for example, drag this Lambda Invoke in here. And here you can, for example, configure Lambda function. So you can define a state name, the type of integration, the function name, the payload, and so on, as well as the input, the output, and ways to handle errors. So this could be a bit of time to just build this manually. So instead, let's go into Code, and I'm going to go into the code that you have to download. So download from step-functions, 0-hello-world, and then in there you have state-machine.json. Copy this entire thing into this. And this is going to create for you the proper flow that we're interested into. So let's have a look at this flow in the designer. So here we have Lambda Invoke, and we're going to invoke a Lambda function, we have to create it. And then we'll have a choice state, and we have different roles. So if we have the choice to be the result to be equals to something like Stephane, then go into Is Teacher, else go into Not Teacher. So we're just going to compare the output of the Lambda function and verify that Stephane is there. So if it's there, you say yes, perfect, we're in this past state, and the output is going to be Woohoo! So we're very happy and that the teacher is Stephane. If not, we're in Not Teacher state and we're going to have an error code. And the code is going to be Stephane the teacher wasn't found in the output of the Lambda Function. So this is our workflow, now let's go into Lambda and create the function we need. So we author from scratch, and we call this HelloFunction. We use the latest Node.js runtime, and we click on Create function. Now, for the code itself, let's go into function.js, it is a very simple code, and if we say Hello and then we take the who key of the event and we say Hello, for example. And if it's who, then it's Stephane says Hello, Stephane, also going to say Hello, John, or Hello, Alice. So let's have a look at this function, so I'm going to remove this and paste my code. I'm going to deploy my changes and we're going to test our Lambda function. So for this, I just need to click on this Test button, define a Hello event, and then the key is going to be who, and the value is going to be John. So if we have a look at this payload and save it, and now we're going to test it, we get a response of Hello, John! And if it was Stephane, it will be Hello, Stephane! If it was Alice, it will be Hello, Alice! So now our function is ready, let's just copy the ARN, and we're going to paste the ARN in the Lambda Invoke stage, under Enter function name, we're going to paste it here. Perfect. So we are done. Now we're going to create this state function. So as you can see, because my state machine is invoking Lambda and maybe X-Ray, then we need to have permissions for our state machine. And therefore, an execution role is automatically created for us, which will have the required permissions to do what we need, which is very, very helpful. So let's confirm this, and now we're done. So we have MyStateMachine, and now we're going to start the execution of the state machine. And as a payload, we're going to have who, and who is going to be Stephane Maarek. Let's start the execution of this. And if you have a look, the Lambda Invoke is already done. It was the input of who Stephane Maarek, and the output was Hello, Stephane Maarek! Therefore, we went into the Choice State which was this output, and we looked whether or not Stephane was in the output. And because Stephane was in the output, then the next state is going to be Is Teacher and the output is Woohoo! But if we do a new execution and this time we just have John Doe as who, then we start the execution and we're going to get an error code in step Not Teacher because, well, Stephane the teacher wasn't found. So if we look at the execution itself, the Lambda function returned Hello, John Doe! And then the Choice State looked at it and said, well, we don't find Stephane, so we're going to go into an error code and here is the reason why. And you can have a look at all the events in here one by one and understand the history of how long it took and what happened in your state function machine. So that's it, I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.