So now let's talk about error handling in step functions and really define the whole power of step functions. So a step function will execute many small tasks and these tasks will do very little amount of work. For example, talk to an API and so on. But all the error handling should happen outside of these tasks by step functions themselves. And so when can we have errors for example? Well, if the state machine has a definition issue, for example, there is no matching rule in the choice states, or if a task fails, for example, a Lambda function throws an exception, we should not catch it in the Lambda function itself, we should catch it in the step function error handling mechanism. Or a transient failure. For example, there's a network partition events. So we can have two types of error handling in step functions, a Retry to retry a task, or a Catch, to transition into a failure path. And you should do this in the state machine instead of the application code. Because you make the application way simpler and you have all very nice mechanisms as well as execution history of these retries and these catch directly in the step function history. So we have predefined error codes. So States.All, too much any error name or State.Timeout, if the task ran longer than the timeout seconds or there's no heartbeat received from an activity. Or TaskFailed in case of an execution failure of the task itself. For example, as I said, an exception in a Lambda function. Or States.Permissions, because there is not enough permissions to execute some code. So the state itself also may report its own errors and you can catch them in the step functions. So let's talk about the Retry for tasks or parallel states. So the Retry allows you to define what happens and how many times to retry based on some errors. So this gets evaluated from top to bottom. And so we have here in this example a Lambda function being run, and we have one, two and three retry that are happening. So the ErrorEquals match a specific kind of error. So here ErrorEquals Customerror, in case the Lambda function throws a customer error, or ErrorEquals TaskFailed, in case the Lambda function just fails but without throwing the custom error, or All to try to catch all kinds of errors that can happen within that Lambda function. So interval seconds say, how long to wait before retrying? So in this example, one, so wait one second and retry it or this one 30 seconds, so wait 30 seconds and then retry it or this one, five seconds. Then we have the BackoffRate, which is how many times you want to multiply the delay after retry. So to implement exponential backoff, so two, two, and two, in this example, they're all the same. Then we have MaxAttempts, so how many times we should retry. So by default, it's three and zero, if you should never retry it, but in this example, we have MaxAttempts two, MaxAttempts two and MaxAttempts five. And then whenever all the attempts are fulfilled and reach, then the Catch block will kick in. So in this example, as you can see, if you were to define all the Retry logic from within the Lambda function, we would make the Lambda function run for a very, very long time, obviously, and maybe would timeout. But also if you wanted to change your error handling logic you would have to redeploy Lambda function. But in this example, we are defining the retries from outside the Lambda function, into our step functions. And so therefore, we could change the Retry and the error handling logic directly from within our JSON documents and we have a lot more flexibility. And the Lambda function itself executes with a small amount of time and very quickly. So next, if we exhaust all the retries then we go into a Catch. And the Catch has a similar logic , it's evaluated to top to bottom and you have ErrorEquals and Next, so let's have a look. So in this example, we have this Lambda function and we're saying, okay, in case you find the ErrorEquals CustomError, then Next go to this state called CustomERrorFallback, which corresponds to the block right here. So we're saying, "Hey, if you encounter a custom error, please now go into the states," and the state is pass and maybe there is an exception and the end is true. So really the idea is here you can say retry, retry, retry, and in case of too many retries, then catch this error and go into the next state and do something about it. And the ResultPath is a path that determines what input is sent to the state specified in the next field. And we'll have a deep dive on it in the very next slide. So the idea here really is to say, in case there are too many execution failures or some specific kind of errors, then we want to catch them and move on with our state machine. And again, if this is something we define within our code our code may become very, very complicated. But if this is something that we define within our step functions, we have a lot of flexibilities into how we want to handle these errors. So let's do an analysis of how this ResultPath works because it is important to understand that going into the exam. So let's say we have this task and there's one catch, and the catch is saying, go to the next task for any kind of errors and the ResultPath, $.error. So the $.error allows you to include the error in the inputs. So let's say for example that we have this input being foo bar, thanks to the ResultPath with define, which is $.error, the output is going to contain the foo bar as before, but also an error block which contains the error message itself and some information about the error. That means that when this output is passed on to the next task into the next state, we can, for example, analyze send some emails and so on and debug based on it. So the ResultPath is how you pass the errors from the inputs into the output, into the next task. And this is something the exam can ask you on. So that's it for step functions. I hope you liked it. And again, let's go into a hands-on to really understand how to retries and catches work in step functions. So I will see you in the next lecture.