So we have different ways of running our step function workflows. The first one is to use a standard workflow. This is the default. The second one is to use express workflows. And within express workflows, we have the asynchronous workflows and we have the synchronous express workflows. So, we'll have a look at all of them. So, for the standard default step function workflows, the max duration of a single workflow is up to one year. The execution model is exactly-once execution and you may execute about 2,000 standard workflows per second, which is a good rate. And in terms of execution history, you get up to 90 days in the console history or you can use CloudWatch to have more logs and you can keep the logs forever with log retention settings in CloudWatch. The pricing is going to be by the number of state transitions, so going from one state to another. And the use cases for using standard workflows is for non-idempotent actions such as, for example, payments processing. Next, we have the express workflows and as the name indicates, they're for short ones, so, up to five minutes of execution. But you have extremely high capacity for extremely high rates. So, you have over 100,000 executions per second that you can do. So quite a bit of volume. Now, there is no way to track things in the console. The only way to get execution results and analysis is by using CloudWatch logs. And you're going to be billed by the number of the execution, the duration of an execution, and the memory consumption. So the use cases for express for Cloud would be, for example, to do IOT data ingestion, or streaming data, or mobile app backends and so on. Now, within express we have asynchronous and synchronous and the main difference I want you to remember is that the asynchronous express workflow has at least once execution model guarantee, and the synchronous type of express workflow has at most once, and the exam will test you on this. So, when you're using an asynchronous express workflow the workflow, the execution just starts and we don't wait for the results and how do we know if it has ended, and if the result is correct, well, we'll have to check CloudWatch logs. So, this is when you don't need an immediate response. For example, for messaging services, you just want to send a message, you just do it, but you don't wait for the response whether or not the message gets sent successfully. So because we have an at least once execution guarantee in case there are errors we can try again directly, automatically from within step functions and so it's possible for the same action to be done twice. And so in that case, you must manage at the idempotence to make sure that if you run the same action twice, you don't have twice the same effects. For a synchronous, at most once, this is when we invoke an express workflow, but we wait for the workflow to complete and when we get the result out of it. So this is, for example, when you need an immediate response from the workflow itself. So, for example, if you orchestrate microservices and you want to make sure that everything is working correctly before you stop the execution. In that case, for synchronous workflows, you can invoke them from the API gateway or Lambda function and get a response from it. And it's at most once because if there's a failure, the step functions will not restart the workflow for you. It's up to you to try again if you wanted to but that's the kind of logic that you need to implement. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.