Talk about AWS Amplify. And Amplify is a service that in a gist allows you to create mobile and web applications, and it's made of different components. We have Amplify Studio, which allows you to visually build a full stack app both the front-end UI and the backend. We have the Amplify CLI to do the exact same thing but with the CLI. Then we have the Amplify Libraries to connect your app to existing AWS services, such as Cognito for login or S3 for storage and so on. And then Amplify Hosting, which is to host your Amplify application on AWS and deliver it very, very fast. So it can be quite complicated but let's go step by step to understand these components. So AWS Amplify first is a set of tools to get started with mobile and web applications. And you should think of it as the elastic beanstalk for mobile and web applications. So we start with Amplify Studio or the CLI, and for the CLI we type amplify in it, and it initializes our Amplify application. So Amplify gives us must have features such as data storage, authentication, storage of data of files overall, and machine learning. All of this powered by AWS services. So in the backend, Amplify is relying on DynamoDB, AWS AppSync for GraphQL APIs, Cognito, Amazon S3, and so on. And then Amplify also gives you front end libraries. They're ready to use for different frameworks such as React, View, JavaScript, iOS, Android, Flutter, and so on. And so AWS Amplify is going to be a one-stop shop to integrate all these things together. It incorporates the best practices for reliability, security, and scalability. And then to deploy this application we can use the Amplify CLI or Amplify Studio. And the exam may ask you about some important features of Amplify. So here they are. The first one is that Amplify gives you authentication out of the box. For this, we do amplify add auth, and this is leveraging the Amazon Cognito. You get user registration, authentication, account recovery, and other operations. It supports MFA, social signing, et cetera, et cetera. And you get pre-built components to build this in your front end and integrate with Cognito. And finally you get your fine grain authorization. The second feature is around the datastore. So you do amplify add api, and it's going to leverage Amazon App Sync for the API and Amazon DynamoDB for the data storage. And the idea is that with Data Store, you work with local data, and then you have automatic synchronization to the cloud without any complex code thanks to the Amplify framework. It's powered by GraphQL and AppSync overall, and it gives you offline and realtime capabilities, and you can even model your data with the Amplify Studio. Finally, we get Amplify Hosting. And this is when you want to start deploying your application. So you do amplify add hosting, and it allows you to build and host modern web apps. You do CICD, such as build test and deploy. You do your pull request previews, you have your custom domains, you can have monitoring, you can set up redirects and custom headers and password protection. So it looks like, for example if you know competing services such as Netlify Reversal, Amplify Hosting is similar. And so you're going to get your code somewhere. So for example, GitHub or Bitbucket, GitLab, even CodeCommit. Then your CICD is going to build the front end in whatever you have and then deploy it, for example to CloudFront. And same, you can have the CICD to build the backend optionally and deploy the backend into Amplify. Also for Amplify, you have the option of running testing. And you have two kind of testing, you have unit testing and end-to-end testing. So you can run end-to-end testings in the test phase in Amplify. And the goal of doing end-to-end test is that you can catch regressions before pushing code to production. So you use the test step to run any test commands at build time and you define the test steps in your amplify.yml file. And then you can use the Cypress testing framework to generate your end-to-end test. The benefits of using the Cypress testing framework is that you're gonna get a UI report for your test, and you can define web clicks. So Cypress can generate and simulate a web browser and you can just say, "Click here, do this, do that and do that," and then verify whether or not that works. And that's called end-to-end test because we deploy the application and we verify whether or not the application is working as expected from a usability standpoint. So just to summarize, you have build level tests, which is when you are running unit tests when you build your application, and this is to test whether or not your code is supposed to do what it's supposed to do. Then you have an end-to-end test, which is when the app is deployed. You're going to run end-to-end tests, for example using the Cypress framework, to make sure that it behaves the way it's supposed to behave. And then finally you can deploy your application. Okay, so that's it for Amplify. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.