Like I said, we're going to be talking about governance in QA in this section, governance being the need to keep track of everything you do in your system for auditing and compliance reasons. But that is also useful information for QA and testing things and trying to troubleshoot what might have gone wrong. So that's why I've kind of combined these topics together in this section. It makes more sense than you might think. Let's start by talking about bedrock agent tracing. So whenever you call a bedrock agent the response, unless you've disabled it, will include a trace with detailed information about what went on under the hood. So this is important, right? Because AI agents can do a lot of weird stuff on their own. And it's kind of a black box unless you have this sort of visibility. So what tools did I call? How did I call them? Call them. What responses did I get back? What knowledge bases did I call? How did I call them? What did I get back from the knowledge bases? All that good stuff is in agent tracing. So the agent response will include a trace object. And here's an example of one on the right that it includes a specific kind of trace an orchestration trace. And in this example it's saying well I went off and called the action group to get the current time, and this is what it came back with. So if you want to debug what went wrong, like maybe your response has the wrong time in it. This would allow you to trace it back to that tool potentially and figure out, hey, why did I get the wrong. Time from that tool? So it shows us its reasoning process, if you will. In this structured JSON data, you can deconstruct what exactly went on under the hood here. So again what did it hit? What did it get back? What action groups did it hit? How did it use them? And if there were any errors the details of those errors will be here as well. There are different trace types that you can get back. So there's pre-processing trace types. That's when it's categorizing the user input and trying to figure out what to do with it. Orchestration like this one here when it's calling an action group or a knowledge base. And that's going to be, you know, usually the most useful one you get because that's where things can tend to go wrong. Also, post-processing traces, where it collects all the information back and tries to construct a final response. There are also custom orchestration types and that will determine the order of actions. So if it's trying to figure out in what order to do things, that could be a custom orchestration trace. There's also a routing classifier trace, which details exactly what it sounds like, how a classified this particular task at hand, and how it routed the request accordingly. If something failed, you'll get back a failure trace. And if you have any guardrails in your system, there will also be guardrail traces detailing what exactly those guardrails filtered or did not filter as a result of your prompt input or output.