Let's talk about some specific metrics that you might use to measure a large language model and its responses. So one is called rouge and that is a set of metrics for text summarization or machine translation. And its job is to count the number of overlapping units between the computer generated output, the output coming out of your model, and some evaluation ground truth output. So remember, you know, one way of evaluating these models is to take its output and compare it to some sort of set of ideal responses to your prompts. So how do we do that comparison Rouge is one such metric. What do you mean by unit? That can be a word. It can be an n gram. We'll talk about that in a minute. Or sentence fragments however you want to slice it up. So how similar is that generated result to the ideal result in terms of words or n grams or fragments of sentences? One specific type of rouge is rouge n, and that's measuring the level of overlap on n grams, which is n is just how many words at a time am I comparing to each other? I'll give you an example in a second here. So root one would be based on the overlap between unigrams, which are just one word at a time. Rouge two would be based on overlap of bigrams, which are two words at a time. And then there's rouge dash L where instead of some arbitrary number, we're choosing the longest common subsequence between the generated and the reference text. So whatever that works out to be. So that particular metric is good at evaluating coherence or the order of narrative. So it actually cares about the order of the words in the response. And that's pretty good at capturing sort of the grammar or the meaning of what you're trying to say. Right. So let's look at an example. Like if you've never heard of N-grams before, let's say the evaluation response to a given prompt is certified AI practitioner. Okay. So I can break that phrase up into unigrams where a unigram is one word. So there are three possible unigrams in that phrase certified AI and practitioner. Or I could split it up into bigrams. Bigrams are just sets of two words that are together, so there are only two bigrams in that phrase certified AI and AI practitioner. So Rouge will look at the overlap between the generated output and that ideal output in my evaluation data based on either unigrams or bigrams or whatever level of n gram I want. So if my model outputs certified ML practitioner instead of certified AI practitioner rouge, one would give that a score of two out of three, because two out of those three Unigrams certified in practitioner are common between the ideal response and the generated response, ML was not. AI was not. Rouge. Two, however, would give this a score of zero because certified AI and AI practitioner does not overlap at all with certified ML or ML practitioner. So based on the Rouge one metric here, I'm doing all right. But Rouge two says no, this is terrible. And well, it kind of is terrible because, well, these are two different exams, right? So that's an example of rouge. Another metric is blue or blue. I'm not sure how to pronounce that in French. Um, that's used more for machine translation. So the idea here is to compare the machine translation to a human translation that's considered, again, the ground truth. This works kind of similarly to Rouge in that it's also using n grams to do this evaluation. The difference is that blue is more about precision as opposed to recall, and we'll get into that in more detail shortly. But at a high level, precision just means we're comparing against everything, whereas recall means you're just comparing amongst relevant results. So remember Rouge was only looking at overlapping results between these two data sets. Blue looks at everything, so it's just going to check how many words or phrases in my translation appear in my reference translation at all. You know, it's not quite that specific. This works at the sentence by sentence level, by the way. And one other fine point here is that it has a brevity penalty as well built into it. So if your translation is overly short, it will be penalized for that. So you know, can't cheat that way. Now, this does have limited use in assessing fluency and grammar since we're going for precision over relevancy. So that is a a trade off to keep in mind there with blue versus rouge. Another metric is Bert score. And the idea here is that we're relying on those embedding vectors we talked about earlier. So remember we can train a model to create these mathematical vectors associated with words or phrases that kind of embed their underlying meaning. I'm oversimplifying, but that's the general idea, right? So Bert score is just using those embedding vectors to compare the semantic similarity between your output and the ideal output. Now, Bert is just a language model that came before all the current wave of large language models. It's kind of interesting because it works kind of backwards from the way these other models work, but that's way too much detail for this exam. Anyway, the the fundamental thing you need to know, though, is that Bert also depends on embeddings. So that's where these embedding vectors are coming from. And because it's using embeddings and not actual words, it's going to be less sensitive to things like synonyms or people that are paraphrasing things. Because we're really trying to compare the underlying meaning of what's being said as opposed to these specific words or phrases. So this can be a very good way of measuring the quality of your results without depending on specific wording. So that's a more popular metric I would say. So that's three ways of measuring your LLM rouge blue and Bert score.