We talked about bedrock model evaluations a little bit in the past. Let's go into a little bit more depth on it because it's a pretty cool feature. It's a way to have a very robust measurement and evaluation system on top of your generative AI applications. And that's not a trivial problem, because a lot of this stuff is a little bit subjective. Some stuff, though, is not subjective, and that's what automatic model evaluations are all about. So there is a large list seen here on the right of built in task types that it can measure for you automatically using built in data sets to evaluate them with and some built in metrics. So you can see that we have general text classification where it can measure accuracy, robustness and toxicity using some standard built in data sets for measuring those tasks. And you get back specific metrics associated with that the real world knowledge score, world error rate, toxicity. These are all things you could imagine on a dashboard, right? It can also measure text summarization performance again using the in this case the giga word data set to measure that capability. And it will give you back specific metrics on Bert score and toxicity. It can measure Q&amp;A response question and answer, and for that it can measure accuracy, robustness and toxicity as well. How well does it accurately answer questions given a built in data set of questions and ground truth answers? And it can also measure your model's ability for text classification, measuring both the accuracy and robustness of the resulting classifications, in this case using a built in dataset of women's e-commerce clothing reviews. But you could provide your own data sets too, if you so desire. There are also human based evaluations you can set up as well, which is interesting. So if you do have something truly subjective that only a human can evaluate, you can set up a human based evaluation system within bedrock model evaluations. So this allows you to take two models or variants of the same model and measure them against each other, pit them against each other, with humans judging which ones. The best response. You've probably seen this if you use ChatGPT once in a while, it shows you two different responses and asks you to pick the one you like the best. That's what's going on here. Same kind of system. Now, to do that under the hood, you need to start off by setting up either a work team incognito. If you want to manage your own humans to do this evaluation, or you can use the teams that are set up through SageMaker Ground Truth or Amazon augmented AI. That's also an option for you. Also, we've talked about this in the past as well, but it supports LM as a judge. Models. So instead of using humans, you can use a separate model to evaluate the other model. So you have an evaluator model whose job is just to be the judge. And then a generator model that you're judging. Right. So you need to provide a prompt data set for using this. and that will be sent off into your own system that does retrieval, augmented generation or whatever else it does. Then your evaluator model will measure how relevant the response was to the original prompt. And we've gone through this architecture before, but just for review purposes, here it is again on the right. And there are many metrics available for this. We've talked about that before too. I'm not going to repeat myself. You also have Rag evaluation jobs as well. And these can either be retrieve only evaluation jobs where we're just focusing on the quality of retrieval from our vector store or knowledge base, whatever it is. And that will come back and give you metrics regarding the relevance and coverage of the context you're retrieving for a given prompt. You can also evaluate, retrieve, and generate and measure the performance of your Rag system from end to end, and that will include correctness, completeness, helpfulness, logical coherence, and all the other metrics we talked about before. Now, to use Rag evaluation jobs you need to provide a prompt data set. It needs to go into S3 specifically in JSON format. So that's what your prompt data set actually is physically. You can also add in your own metrics if you want to as well. And the way you do that is just giving it a prompt. And the judge model will use that prompt to compute this new metric that you've described and add that to your results as well. So you can extend this as much as you want to.