So if you're using some sort of continuous integration and continuous deployment system, you'll have the need to validate your deployments to make sure that you don't need to roll them back or, you know, make sure it's safe to actually roll that out at a larger scale. One tool for that is synthetic user workflows. So the ability to actually simulate how a user will use your system from end to end. Now, unit testing probably isn't good enough for generative AI applications because it's not deterministic. So it's very hard to say this is the expected output of this foundation model because it's going to change. It has a temperature. And even if you change the temperature to be very low, the model itself changes pretty often too. So it's very difficult to have a test framework where you're saying this is the input, this is the expected output. It's not that simple. With generative AI, however, you can set up these systems that simulate the end to end usage of your application and see that it's actually at least behaving correctly before and after your deployments and then in an ongoing manner. Some useful tools for setting up such a system would be CloudWatch Synthetic Monitoring or Canaries. You can also roll your own using step functions to manage the actual flow of events. EventBridge to kick off these workflows, and Lambda to execute any actual logic that happens at each one of these steps in the workflow. When you have that data collected, you got to put it somewhere and analyze it. You might use S3 paired with Athena to analyze that data and visually look at it through. QuickSight is one potential chain of services there. You also have some output validation problems that are specific to AI. So things you might want to measure as part of your deployment validation is is my hallucination rate going through the roof or not? And if you can measure your responses against some sort of ground truth data store, you can actually measure that hallucination rate and make sure it didn't go off the rails. Semantic drift, faithfulness, compliance. We all talked about these in our previous slides about evaluating foundation models, but these are all things that can be baked into your deployment validation process to bedrock model evaluations. Does all of that for you? Of course. And if you really wanted to roll your own, you could write your own logic for this, using lambda and maybe step functions to orchestrate the whole process of generating those metrics as it goes through your system. And like I said, it's non-deterministic. So it's very hard to say this is the expected output. The best you can probably do is just making sure that the style is consistent, maybe by using another judge model to figure out if that's true or not. Are the responses you're getting at least similar based on a test prompt data set? They might not be the same, but you can maybe measure the semantic similarity of those responses and make sure they're within some sort of a threshold. So there'll be some accepted range you'll have to tune to not get a whole lot of false positives, but that is one approach to validating the consistency and the deployment as a whole, given a world of non-deterministic responses.