Now let's have a look at DynamoDB which is a NoSQL serverless database. So if you consider the traditional architecture that we've seen in and out in this course, we have clients and they connect to an application layer that could be made of an elastic load balancer, and EC2 instances that are grouped, and scaling with an auto scaling group. And then the data has to be sourced somewhere, so we have a database layer, and it could be using Amazon RDS, which is backed by MySQL, or PostgreSQL, or these kind of technologies. Now these traditional applications will leverage RDBMS databases, and we do so because we have this SQL query language. It's really good. And then we can define strong requirements about how data should be modeled because we have tables, we have schema, and so on. We can do joints, aggregations, complex computations, and that's all very good and working. What we get out of it though in case of scaling is mostly vertical scaling. So in case you want a better database, and I'm talking just about a database layer right now. If you want to scale it vertically, you need to replace database and get a more powerful CPU, more Ram, or better disc with IO. And you can do some sort of our horizontal scaling but this is by only increasing the read capability. So either by adding EC2 instances at the application layer, or by adding RDS Read Replicas at the database layers. But if you add Read Replicas, you're going to be limited by the number of replicas you can have, and therefore limited into your horizontal read scaling, and not talking about the horizontal right scaling because you don't have that with RDS. So introducing to you NoSQL databases, which means not only SQL or non SQL databases, depending on the definition. So the idea is that there are non-relational databases and they're going to be distributed, which gives us some horizontal scalability. And some very famous technologies that have NoSQL databases are MongoDB, and of course, DynamoDB. Now these databases do not support query joints or have very limited support. And so, for simplicity, just assume that they don't have query joins. Now all the data that is needed therefore must be present in one row in your database. And again, to simplify things, I know they're evolving, but let's just assume that NoSQL databases also do not perform aggregation computations such as the SUM, or the AVG, and so on. But the good thing out of it is that thanks to the design, the NoSQL databases will scale horizontally. That means that if you need more right or read capacity, you can behind the scenes have more instances and it will scale really well. So there is no right or wrong for NoSQL vs SQL, it just depends on how you think about your modeling of data, about your application, about your user queries, and about your scaling needs. So let's talk about DynamoDB now. So DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database, and it's highly available, and has replications across multiple AZs out of the box. So it's a NoSQL database. It's not a relational database. So it's different than RDS. It scales to massive workload and it's fully distributed. That means that you can scale to millions of requests per second, trillions of row, and hundreds of terabytes of storage, regardless of your workload. So fast and consistent performance. So that means you get really low latency on retrieval. And it's a service, so it's going to be fully integrated with IAM for security, authorization, and administration. You can enable event-driven programming with DynamoDB Streams as we'll see in this section. It's low cost and has auto scaling capability. And you have the standard and Infrequent Access IA table class for different storage tiers. So let's have a look at the basics of DynamoDB. So DynamoDB is made out of tables and each table will have a primary key. And we'll see what the primary key can be in the next slides. You must decide what the primary key is before you create your table. Now, each table can have an infinite number of rows, also called items. So I will use a rows and items term interchangeably in this course, and each item will have attributes. Now these attributes could be similar to the columns in your table, okay? But these attributes can also be nested. So it's a bit more powerful than columns, and they can be added over time, you don't need to define them all at creation time of your table, and some of them can be null. so it's completely fine for an attribute to be missing in some data. Now, and each item, or each row will have up to 400 kilobytes of data, so it's a limitation. And data types supported are going to be scalar types, or string, number, binary, boolean, and null. There's going to be document types such as list and maps, so it gives you some kind of nesting capability. And sets types such as string sets, number sets, and binary sets. Now a very important point to understand is how to choose a primary key for DynamoDB. And the exam will definitely test you on the knowledge of this. So you have two options for primary keys. And the first one is called a partition key which called also a hash strategy. So the partition key in this case must be unique for each item which is very similar to a normal database. And therefore, the partition must be diverse enough, so that your data is going to be distributed. For example, if you consider user_ID for user's table, then we can have the partition key as being User_ID. The attribute is being First-Name, Last_Name, and age. And then you have your first User-ID with some attributes being filled out. Your second User_ID as you can see, does not have a last name, but this is fine in DynamoDB. And the third partition key, yet to again has three attributes attached to it. So this is what DynamoDB looks like. It looks like a database for now. It's pretty easy. But you could have a second option of partition key and sort key, also called hash plus range. And now the combination of these two items must be unique for each item. So the data is going to be grouped by partition key. And this is why it's very important to choose a good partition key. So if you consider a users-game table, then User_ID for the partition key and Game_ID for the sort key. Let's see what that means. That means that users can attend multiple games. So we have these four columns attributes, but the first one is going to be our partition key. We want data to be grouped by User_ID, and the second one is going to be a sort key. This is going to give us the uniqueness of the combination of partition key and sort key. So both of them are going to be making the primary key and the rest are going to be attributes. So if you consider a User_ID, then it has a sort key which was on the Game_ID, and then we attribute score 92, result win. Again, another different User_ID, and another different Game_ID, so this works as well. You have a lose game with a score of 14. And more interestingly, in this third row, what we have is that we have the same partition key. So row two and three have the same and partition key but a different sort key. Of course, it is fine for a user to attend multiple games. And so therefore, you want the combination of User_ID and Game_ID to be unique, obviously, but it's fine to also have the same partition key in different sort key. And this is why it's super important to choose a really good partition key, so data is going to be distributed enough. So here is an exercise, and this is what the exam may test you on as well. So you're building a movie database, and you want to choose what is the best partition key that is going to maximize data distribution. Is it movie_id? Is it producer_name? Is it leader_actor_name or is it movie_language? Well, think about it for a second, what if you choose the first one, you choose the second one, and so on? Now the answer is you choose movie_id, because movie_id is going to be unique for each row. And therefore it's a really good candidates to partition your table by. If you have a movie language as a, sorry, a partition key, then you won't have as many values as you want, and maybe most of your movies are going to be towards English. So it's not gonna be a great choice because there's not enough diversity, and there's a skew of data towards one specific value. And so the exam will ask you to choose the best partition key for some tables based on what it means. So always choose the one with the highest cardinality and the one that can take on the most amount of values. So that's it for a short overview of DynamoDB. We have a long section on it, but let's go over the hands-on to practice a little bit using DynamoDB.