So let's have a look at these data API calls we can do. So, if I go on my table, as we can see right now, we're in the 'Scan' and we can select a table, and then we click on 'Run'. So, 'Scan' is going to scan the entire table and, obviously, going to return many items to us. If we wanted to create an item, what we could do is specific user ID, so Alice, four, five, six. Then, we specify a timestamp, so let me just do this one very quickly. And then, T zero five, zero six, and your zero. Here we go. Okay, and then some contents for it. Alice blog, okay. Now, let's create this item. So, this was a put item. Why, because we have sent a new item into DynamoDB, and we specified user id post timestamp, and this was new, so it got created. If you want to look at update item, what I can do is 'Actions' and then 'Edits'. And then, we'll just edit one specific attribute, so I did Alice blog edited, and click on save change and behind the scenes, this is going to do an updates item API call. So, we have seen updates. Now let's look at gets, so if I click on this one, for example, and I will go into the 'Item editor'. Well, behind the scenes, by clicking on this row, on this item, I was able to retrieve the content of this item and so this was a get_item that was done. So, this is good. Now, we can do obviously batch actions, so we can do 'Actions' and then 'Delete Items', which should be a batch delete item. Okay, so batch writes and then batch deletes. But, if you wanted to delete everything in the table, you could do 'Scan' and a batch delete, but this would not be very efficient. The other way to do it would be to simply drop the table, and be done. Now, finally, let's have a look at 'Scan' and 'Query'. So, scan really gives you all the tables you have, and then you can apply a filter if you wanted it to, but this is done client side for this filter, so this will be filtered in your web browser, not in DynamoDB directly. Or, you can do a query. And, a query is very helpful because we can specify a specific user ID. For example, John, one, two, three, and then click on 'Run'. And, this gives us all the items of John one, two, three. But, also, we could have a query and specify a condition on the post timestamp, which is a sort key. So we can have equal to, less than equal to, greater than, between, and begins with. So, if you want to know all the posts after, say 2021-11, and click on 'Run', we will only get one return item. But, then, if we do 21, 2021-09, we get two items back. So, as we can see, the query here is only done on user ID and post timestamp. We don't have to, we cannot query on the content or search from the content. We could filter on the content if we wanted to, afterwards, but this will be done client side. So, this really shows you the power of using partition keys, such as a hash key and a sort key, okay? So that's it, we've seen all the APIs of DynamoDB. Now, let's just do a scan and retrieve all the data. So, I hope you liked this lecture and I will see you in the next lecture.