Okay, so now let's talk about indexes for DynamoDB, and you have two kinds of indexes that you need to know. The first one is a local secondary index. So LSI is going to give you an alternative sort key for your table. So you have the same partition key from your base table, but you're going to get an additional sort key. And this sort key consists of one scalar attributes. It could be a string, a number or a binary, and you can get up to five LSIs per table. Now LSIs must be defined at table creation time. So you cannot create them after your tables being created. So you need to have some careful thinking into how you want your table to be designed. Next on your LSI you can have some or all attributes, you know, from your main table. So it's up to you to choose in your LSI. If you want to only have maybe one specific attribute, because this is what you're trying to query for. So if we take an example of here, this is our table, which has user ID, game ID, game timestamp, score and results, okay. And right now we can do queries on user ID and game ID, is very simply, but we can not do a query on a user ID and game timestamp. For this, we need to do a scan and then do some service side and some client site filtering. So to do so, if you wanted to do a query based on user ID and game timestamp. We would need to create an LSI and define the LSI on the attributes game timestamp. And if we do so, then we can do a query on, hey, give me all the games that have been done by this user between 2021 and 2020 and so on, okay. So this is super important for you to understand this is the same partition key as before, but we have a different sort key things to an LSI. Next, we have GSI or global secondary indexes. So this is going to give you a different, so an alternative primary key. So you could have a different hash key, a different partition key, or you can have a different hash key and sort key as well. From the base table. So this is helpful if you want it to speed up queries on things that are non-key attributes within your table. So the index can cause this upscale attributes of strain number in binary. And again, you can specify which attributes do you want to project on that index. And for that index though, it's very special because it's kind of like a different new table. And therefore for this index, you must provision the RCUs &amp; WCUs. Now the GSI are powerful because they can be added or modified after the table has been created. So let's take a very simple table in which we have user ID, game ID and game timestamp. With this table we're able to query based on user ID. So it gives me all the games of this user, but we cannot query on game ID as we can see right now, if you want to query on game ID, it would be extremely difficult when you do a scan and then filter client's site. So instead we're going to create a GSI, a global secondary index, okay. Which is going to give us the ability to query by game ID. So now the partition key for the GSI becomes the game ID. The sort key may be for example, game timestamp. This is what you want to query on. And the attributes become user ID because we've done a projection of the user ID attributes. So you can see in this one, we're creating some fully different new queries by defining a new partition key and a sort key. And this is why it's very important DynamoDB to understand how you're going to query data, to understand how you're going to make your local secondary indexes and your global secondary indexes. So we seen LSI and GSI have very, very different purposes, but let's talk about these indexes and throttling. So when you have a GSI, if the rights are threat load on the GSI, then the main table will be fertile as well. So this is a very, very important caveat that comes up in the exam. So even if the WCUs are fine on the main table, if there are throttling on the GSI, then the main table, no matter what, we'll be throttling and therefore choose your GSI and partial key carefully and assign your WCU capacity very, very carefully. Whereas for LSI, local secondary indexes, they will use the WCU and the RCU of the main table. And there's no special throttling considerations to be had. Okay? So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.