So let's have a look at DynamoDB streams. So streams are an ordered list of item-level modifications, such as create, update, and delete that are happening within a table. So whenever you will insert an item or modify it or delete it, then that modification would be visible in the stream. And the stream will represent the list of all the modifications over time in your table. So stream records can be sent to multiple places, such as Kinesis Data Streams, so you can send a DynamoDB Stream into Kinesis and then do whatever you want with it. You can also use a Lambda function to read directly from your DynamoDB Streams, or you can use the Kinesis Client Library applications to read directly as well from a DynamoDB Streams. The data retention within a DynamoDB Stream is up to 24 hours, so you need to make sure to either persist it somewhere like Kinesis Data Stream where you can have a longer retention or use whatever Lambda or KCL application to persist it somewhere more durable. The use cases for using DynamoDB Streams is to react to changes in real-time happening in your DynamoDB tables. For example, having a flow to welcome you, to send a welcome email to your users, to do analytics, to transform the stream and create derivative tables in DynamoDB, or to send data into OpenSearch for indexing and giving search capabilities on top of DynamoDB. Or if you wanted to implement global tables and cross-region replication, you would need to have streams in the first place. So if we look at the architecture of DynamoDB Streams, so we have our application, which does create, update, and deletes operations on our table, and any of these changes is going to appear in a DynamoDB Stream. So from there, Kinesis Data Streams can be a receiver of your DynamoDB stream. And because we're using KDS, Kinesis Data Streams, then we can have Kinesis Data Firehose as a result, and then maybe send it to Amazon Redshift to perform some analytics queries on top of your data in DynamoDB, or sending to Amazon S3 for archival of all these changes, in case we need to, or sending it to OpenSearch Service, okay, to index it and to create a search capability on top of your DynamoDB table. The cool thing about this architecture is that it's pretty much everything is managed by AWS. If you wanted to add your own custom logic, you could use a processing layer in which you would create either a Kinesis Client Library App, maybe running on EC2, or a Lambda function that will be reading from DynamoDB streams. And from this, you can implement any sort of logic you want. So for example, you can have messaging or send notifications using Amazon SNS. You could do some filtering and transformation and then reinsert the data into a DynamoDB table, or for example, you can also use Lambda to send data into OpenSearch, if you wanted to, okay? So this gives you a different kind of architectures and all the possibilities that open up by using DynamoDB Streams. So if we consider the stream, then what do we have? In the stream, we have the ability to choose the information that will be appearing in it. So we can, for example, have only the keys, and it will just show you a list of all the key attributes that have been modified, NEW_IMAGE, which represents the new item after it was modified, OLD_IMAGE, which represents the entire item as it appears before it was modified. And if you wanted to get the full information, you can get NEW_AND_OLD_IMAGES, which gives you both the new and the old image of the item, and therefore we can see what changes have happened. Now, DynamoDB Streams are made of shards, just like Kinesis Data Streams, so they're very, very similar. And this is why the Kinesis Client Library works against both DynamoDB Streams and Kinesis Data Streams. So the cool thing about DynamoDB Streams though is that we don't have to provision any kind of shards. This is done automatically by AWS, so it is really a hands-off approach. Now, if you enable DynamoDB Stream, just so you know, the records are not going to be retroactively populated in the stream after enabling it. Okay, this is an exam trick. So once you enable the stream, only then will you receive these updates based on the changes that are appearing in your DynamoDB table. Finally, let's have a look at how DynamoDB Streams and Lambda work. So for this, we need to define an Event Source Mapping to read from a DynamoDB Stream. And then you need to ensure that the Lambda function has the appropriate permissions to pull from the DynamoDB Stream. And then the Lambda function will be invoked synchronously. So let's take an example. The table goes into a DynamoDB Stream. The Lambda function will have an Event Source Mapping, which is an internal process that will be pulling the DynamoDB Stream and retrieving records in batches from the DynamoDB Stream. And once some records are passed on to the Event Source Mapping, then the Event Source Mapping will invoke your Lambda functions synchronously with a batch of records from your DynamoDB Stream, okay? So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture for some hands-on.