So we know that ODB can be used to store data, but it can also be used to store the session state, as a cache. And so this is something that your web application can use. And therefore, they can retrieve or store the session states on demand. And share the user login, for example, across all your backend web applications. So this is very common use case for DynamoDB. But, this is something we've seen as well for ElastiCache. So ElastiCache and DynamoDB achieve the same purpose. So the question you may ask yourself is what is the difference of using DynamoDB or ElastiCache to store the session states? Well, ElastiCache is going to be fully in memory, and DynamoDB is going to be serverless. And both are going to be key/value stores. So if the exam is saying, okay we need a session state store, that's going to be in memory, it probably means ElastiCache. And if it talks about automatic scaling and so on, then DynamoDB is probably the right way. So this is something you have to look for in the exam. Another way you can store the session states would be on disk. And you need to share that disc across many EC2 instances. So EFS could be a great choice. So EFS must be attached to your EC2 instances as a network drive. And this could work versus DynamoDB. But so EFS is a file system and then DynamoDB is a database. So here is the difference. So you may say okay, you said EFS was for storage, so what about my EBS volume and my EC2 instance store? So yes this is storage, but it can only be used for local caching, not shared caching. Because your EBS drives and your instance store are attached to only one EC2 instance. So very important, this can be used for caching a local dataset, but not for sharing it across many instances. And then finally, what about S3? S3 could be used for session states, yes, but it has a higher latency. It's meant for big files, not for small objects. So S3 as a station state cache is not a great tool. So really, the best two are going to be or best three is DynamoDB, ElastiCache, and EFS. But preferably DynamoDB and ElastiCache. And it's all about to figure out if you want something in memory or something that's going to be more serverless and with automatic scaling. Okay, that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.