So one let's talk about, DynamoDB security and some other features. So for security, we have VPC endpoints that are going to be available to access DynamoDB without using the public internet, and only keeping all the traffic within your VPC. Access to DynamoDB is fully controlled by IAM, which makes it a great database choice in AWS. And you have encryption at rest using AWS KMS or in-transit using SSL and TLS. There are backup and restore features available. You have two of them. So you have point-in-time recovery, so PITR, just like RDS and there's no performance impacts, or we can just do a normal backup and restore it. Now there's the concept of global tables and DynamoDB. So the idea is that you have a multi-region, multi-active fully replicated high-performance table in DynamoDB. And how to enable it? Well, you need to first enable DynamoDB streams. So, while DynamoDB is a cloud service, It's possible for you to get a simulation of DynamoDB on your local computer, called DynamoDB local, and the idea is that you have, a local DynamoDB database that you can use to develop and test your applications locally without using the DynamoDB web service, which is really, really handy. And if you wanted to migrate data to and from DynamoDB, the AWS Database Migration Service is a great choice. So for example, from MongoDB to DynamoDB, or Dynamic V2 Oracle, mySQL, S3 and so on. Now another feature you need to understand around DynamoDB is going to be around fine grain access. So for example, if you have clients and applications, web, or mobile, and they need to access directly our DynamoDB table, then we don't want to give them IAM permissions and IAM roles, users directly from AWS, that will be truly inefficient and a security hole. Instead, we're going to use an identity provider. It could be Amazon Cognito User Pools, Google login, Facebook login, open ID connect, or SAML or whatever. And the users will, in the simplified flow, login with these identity providers and they will have the feature to exchange the credentials they just got for temporary AWS credentials. And the idea is that because they're temporary, they're more secure. And with them, they can be associated with an IAM role, but this IAM role must be restricted because now that our clients and applications can access our DynamoDB table, you want them to be able to do operations only on the data that they own. And so how do we do this, this fine grain access control? Well, we have a federated login to get temporary credentials, and then we can create IAM role, and this IAM role will have a condition. And this condition will lead on to what the user can do. So here is a sample policy. So in this policy, the user can do get item, batch get item, query, put item, update item, delete item and batch right item on a specific table. But there's a condition here. And the condition is saying, Hey, only if the leading keys is corresponding to DynamoDB and then the connector identity pseudo variables, which will be replaced at run time by the specific user. And so effectively what we're saying is that with LeadingKey, we only limit row level access for users based on what the primary key value is. And so therefore we make sure that the users can only modify and access their own data. And you can also specify conditions on attributes and this would be to limit the specific attributes a user can see in your DynamoDB table, okay? So to summarize, you have fine-grain access control by using a federated login and by specifying a condition on LeadingKeys, if you want it to limit at the role level or attributes, if you want your limits at the column level, the attribute level. Okay, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.