Hi, everyone. My name is Hassan Awad, and I would like to welcome you to my Azure front door course. In the next few hours, we are going to dive deep into Azure front door. Before I get into the details of my course, I want to give you a heads up that this course is completely hands on. There is no PowerPoint slides at all. All the time you are going to see me demonstrating stuff on Azure portal or showing you diagrams on Azure documentation. This is to ensure that you are going to get the best value out of this course, so are going to apply everything we teach practically, not just theoretically. So we are going to know what is actually Azure Front Door is doing and where it sets in terms of the relative load balancers that are available in Azure. Then we are going to go ahead and create an Azure front door and we are going to see how you can add a custom domain name for your Azure front door and how can you secure it using Https and how we can use the apex domain or root domains in the front door and how we can do redirection, whether it's a protocol redirection from Http to Https or URL redirection. Then we are going to talk about the back end and the back end pools and then talk about caching and how Azure front door caches your content in different edge locations around the world. Then we are going to move to the rules engine and understand its architecture and talk about when it's going to get executed when the incoming request hits your front door. Then we are going to talk about the different conditions you can specify and the different actions you can trigger. Then we are going to move into the routing architecture to understand how front door makes routing decisions and tries to match the incoming request with a specific routing rule that you have configured in your Azure front door. Also, how Azure front door routes incoming requests to the healthy back end instances and what are the different routing methods that Azure Front Door is using to achieve this. Even though Front door Standard Premium Tier is still in public preview, we are going to cover it through this video as well. So you are going to see how can you create a standard or premium tier and what is the main feature comparisons between the two tiers? Then we are going to get to the pricing difference between the front door classic standard and premium tiers. Then we are going to move to the Web application firewall or some people prefer to call it WAF, and we will understand how it works. And when the WAF rules gets executed, when Azure front door receives a request from the clients, and then we are going to see how can you create a policy and associate it to your Azure front door? And what is the difference between WAF managed rules and WAF custom rules? Then we are going to be moving to the monitoring, where we will be covering how you can create diagnostic settings for your Azure front door. What are the key metrics that you need to keep an eye on on your production environment and how can you set up some alerts that are going to notify you when the usage exceeds a specific threshold? And finally, we are going to cover how Azure front door is using the health probes to know the health status of the back end instances. I think that's enough to give you an overview what this course is going to cover. Let's get started and let's dive deep into Azure front door.