Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about what is Azure front door. So Azure Front Door is a global scalable entry point for your application that is deployed globally across Microsoft Edge Network. And this is one of the key things about Azure Front Door. It is a global service. Which you will be able to interpret and orchestrate the traffic globally across multiple regions. Now, let's have a look at this diagram here to help us understand how Azure front door works and what is the key benefits of using Azure front door. Let's assume that we have deployed our workloads on Azure on three different regions. Region one, Region two and region three. Each of these regions have its own SQL database, VMs, Cosmos, DB and App Service. And let's assume that we have a local load balancer. In this case, I would go for application Gateway to orchestrate or distribute the traffic evenly within the region. And also we'll cover some failover scenarios. If some backend targets become unhealthy for any reason, all of this are going to be managed within the region. So we are going to have a three separate load balancers, regional load balancers for all of these regions. So are going to deploy three different application gateways here. Now the question here is how the client is going to get directed to the right region. And when I say the right region, I mean the closer region that has the lowest latency and maybe the healthy region that has the healthy instances. So how are we going to direct these traffic or these client requests to the right region? We will have to have some service in between that will be able to take the client requests. And based on the different routing rules we are going to configure, then it will be able to route the traffic to the right region or to be more specific to the right application gateway, which is then going to distribute the traffic to the other backend targets within the region. This is exactly what Azure Front Door is doing. It is a global, scalable single entry point for your application, so your global customers will have to interact with just one entry point. And then based on the routing rules, we are going to configure in the Azure front door. It will be able to route the traffic to the right region. Another key feature of Azure front door is it operates at layer seven, so it will be able to intercept Http and Https traffic and it will be able to make routing decisions based on the URL values or request headers that has been submitted in the Http request. Also, it worth to know that Azure front door is resilient to failures, even failures that affect an entire region. Azure front door is resilient for those kind of failures because it sets a globally, it will direct the traffic to the other healthy regions. This is one of the key benefits of using Azure front door. And as we are here talking about the different Azure load balancing services, I am sure that some of you are asking why there are so many load balancing services in Azure. It is so confusing for me. Like we have load balancer, we have front door, we have application Gateway, we have traffic manager, and every time I have to use a load balancer, I keep scratching my head what would be the right Azure load balancing service that I should be using in this situation? Although it might seem a little bit confusing when you look at it at the first time, but when you pay a closer look, you will see that there is no confusion at all. And each of these load balancing services has a specific use case and a specific purpose. So if we are going to compare all of the Azure load balancing services across two dimensions, the coverage, whether it's a global coverage or regional coverage, and then the recommended traffic, whether it's Http or non Http traffic. So let's go for Http first. In this case, we are going to have to load balancing services. Azure Front Door and the Application Gateway. Both of these are the only two that supports Http traffic out of the four services. So far. It's great. We have narrowed it down from four services to two services. But again, which one should I go for when I have Http traffic that I need to handle? This is when the second dimension comes really handy, which is the coverage. If you have a global coverage, then the Azure front door is going to be the right service for you to use. However, if you have a regional coverage, then you should go for application Gateway. Similarly for the Non-http traffic, we have to Azure load balancing services that are recommended for non Http traffic and they are traffic manager and load balancer and similar as before. Traffic manager supports global coverage, while Azure Load Balancer supports regional coverage only. So having these two dimensions next to the Azure load balancing services, when you make your decision about which Azure load balancing service you should choose, it's going to help you to pick up or choose the right Azure load balancing service that fits your requirements and use case. Table is very useful and is going to help you to choose the right load balancing service. Now I have done a course for the application gateway before and currently I'm doing the front door, which you are already watching and I'm planning in the near future to cover the other two services Traffic Manager and Azure Load Balancer. That's all I have for you in this video. It was a quick introduction about what is Azure Front Door. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.