Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to create an Azure front door. And as you can see here, this is a brand new Azure subscription. Doesn't have any resources at all. So let's get started by creating a resource group. I'm going to call it Australia East Resource Group. I'm going to put it in Australia East region and let's go ahead and create our resource group. Now let's create some app services to be the back end for my front door. I'm going to create a new app service. I'm gonna put it in Australia is the resource group. I'm going to call it front door Web App one. And then I'm going to make the platform or runtime stack. Dotnet Core 3.1 and in Australia, East region, and I don't have any app service plan, so let's go ahead with the one that Azure portal suggested me to create. Then going to the next step deployment. Continuous deployment is going to be disabled as default. Let's go to monitoring. I'm going to disable the application insights and let's go ahead and create the app service. And while it's been created, let's go ahead and create another app service, because I'm planning to have two app services as a backend targets for my Azure front door. So let's create another app service. Let's put it in Australia is the resource group. I'm going to call it front door. With up to. And then the runtime stack will be Dotnet Core 3.1. I'm going to put it in Australia East. Everything else before and this time I'm going to use the app service plan I have created in the first app service that I just created. Now let's go to deployment. I'm going to disable continuous deployment as it's already disabled. Then going to monitoring, I'm going to disable application insights and let's go ahead and create the second web app or second app service. And while it's been created, let's go back and create an Azure front door. So let's browse to front doors. And let's go ahead and create a new front door. Let's put it in Australia East Resource Group. And then going to the configuration where we are going to configure the front end domains and the back end targets and then the routing rules. And the host name is going to be my front door. The name is already used. I'm going to put my name. Okay. My front door has sign. This is my front end domain for my Azure front door. And let's keep everything to the default values. Let's go ahead and add the front end. Now moving to the back end, the pools. Let's go ahead and add back in the pool. And then we are going to have two targets. My first target is going to be an app service. And I'm going to choose front door web app one and leave everything to the default values. And then I'm going to add another back in Target. I'm going to choose app service again, but this time I'm going to choose Web app. 22. And then let's go ahead and add the end target. Let's leave everything to the default values and let's add the backend pool for my Azure front door. Then the last step I have here is to create or configure a routing rule. So I'm going to call it routing rule. Again, it's going to accept Http and Https traffic, and the front end domain is going to be the front end that we've just configured in the Azure front door. And then it's going to forward the traffic to the backend pool that has two app service as a backend targets. And let's leave everything to the default values and add our routing rule. Now let's go ahead and create our Azure front door. Now my Azure front door has been deployed for me, so let's go and test it. So this is my Azure front door. I'm going to copy the front end. Host. And as you can see here, my front end domain I have configured for my front door, directed the traffic to the back end app services. I have created before. Now, let's go ahead. And stop these two up services. Just to show you that my front door is actually directing the traffic to those two app services. So what's going to happen when I stop these two app services that nothing is going to get displayed when I refresh this page? But this is not the case because of the browser cache. So I'm going to copy the domain name. I'm going to put it in Incognito address bar. And as you can see here, the Web app is stopped. This is all I have for you in this video. We have just created an Azure front door and linked it to a two backend targets and how we directed the traffic from the front end domain name to the backend targets. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.