Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can you add a custom domain name for your front door? As you can see, our front end end point is not really nice. It has an Azure FD dot net at the end. It's not good to be used in a production workload and for your branding purposes. So now we are going to see how we can use a custom domain name and use it in your Azure front door. First thing you need to go to your domain provider where you have registered your custom domain name. And because I don't have any registration with any domain provider, I'm going to show you the steps in Azure DNS zones. And you should be able to apply the same steps in your domain providers. So I'm going to go ahead and search for DNS zones. And I'm going to create a new zone. I'm gonna put it in Australia East Resource Group. I'm going to call the zone, assign a.com. And let's go ahead and create this zone and let's go to our DNS zone. And now I'm going to create a record set. And for the name, I'm going to specify it front door, for example. And then here I'm going to choose a C name. And I'm going to link it to the DNS record for my front door. So I'm going to browse to the front door and copy the front end domain name for my front door. And let's put it in the alias. Of my C name record. Let's take out the Https and let's add this record. Our record set has now created. So let's go back to our front door and see how can we apply these changes. So I'm going to go to the front door designer and then I'm going to go ahead and add a custom host name. And in this case, I'm going to add the front door. Dot has signed our.com and definitely it's not going to work because this is not an actual domain name. But if you are using an actual domain name that you have already registered with a domain provider, it should work and you will be able to make your users use the custom host name that you entered in here to access your website through front door. Now, there is an interesting point you need to be aware of. If your custom domain has already some production workloads because you might experience a little bit of a downtime until this domain changes took place. And to avoid this, you need to map your custom domain to the default front end host for your front door, which is going to be AfD verify sub domain and it's going to be exactly the same steps I've just showed you before. However, you are going to do it temporary to ensure that your users will be able to access your domain until the DNS mapping took place. This is only required if your custom domain has a production workload. However, if you are going to have a brand new custom domain name that doesn't have any production workloads, then you shouldn't worry about this temporary step at all. Now let's go back and clean things up and I'm going to go to my DNS zone and delete my DNS zone. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.