Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about how can we secure our custom domain name using Https? Generally speaking, the default endpoint for Azure front door is secured by Https, as we can see in front of us here. But this is not the case when we define a custom domain name for our front door. You have to define or you have to configure the Https for the custom domain names you add to your front door. So I'm going to go ahead and put a custom domain name here. I'm going to put my name and according to the last video, it's not going to work because you will need to add a CNAME record to your domain provider. Anyway, if we scroll down a little bit, you will see that we have an option here to define a custom domain https. So let's go ahead and enable it. Then you are going to choose what is the minimum TLS version that you want to select for your custom domain name. And I'm going to go with the latest version 1.2. Then when it comes to the certificate management, you have two options whether you make Azure front door to manage the certificates for you, or you can create your own certificate in Key Vault. And there are many benefits to make Azure managed the certificates for you. First of all, it's a free like you are not going to pay any cost for certificate acquisition or renewal. Also, it's a very simple and easy just one click and you are going to enable a certificate for a custom domain. Finally, and more importantly, you wouldn't need to worry about certificate management at all because Azure Front Door is doing it for you, so you wouldn't need to worry about any risk of service interruption in case of your certificate has been expired. However, in some cases you can not use Azure front door to manage certificates on your behalf. For example, when you have an apex or root domains, you can't use Azure front door managed certificates. In this case, you will have to use an Azure key vault and use your own certificate for the apex and root domains. And if you don't know what route domain or apex domain means, we are going to talk about it in more details in the next video. So for the first option to make Azure manage your certificates on your behalf, this is all the configurations you have to do. However, if you want to use a key vault and use your own certificate for apex or road domains, you will have to do some more steps. As you can see in here, the Azure portal suggests us to run some commands, to create a service principal and give it an access to the key vault where my certificate is stored. However, I would rather to show it from the Azure portal how this work and what are the exact steps that we will need to do. So I'm going to go ahead to Azure Active Directory. And I'm going to browse to app registrations and I'm going to create a new app registration. I'm going to call it front door app. And let's go ahead and register it. Then I will need to go to my subscription. To create a service principal to the front door app I just created. So going to my subscription browse to access controls and add a role assignments. And then here I'm going to specify a contributor role to the front door app I've just created. And then in here, I'm going to select a member, which is going to be front door app. And then I'm going to select it. And let's go ahead and assign this rule. For my subscription. Then I'm going to browse to Key Vault to go ahead and create a key vault and create a self-signed certificate and show you how I can assign it from the front door configuration. Now let's go ahead and create a key vault. I'm gonna put it in Australia East Resource Group gonna call it Key Vault, front door certificates. And I'm going to put it in Australia East region, standard tier. I'm going to change the days to retain deleted vaults to seven days, which is the minimum number of days you can go for. Like if I try to make it two, it won't work. Now let's go to the next steps and define the access policy. So since I'm the creator of this key vault, I have already an access to the key vault. But I still need to create an access to the front door app I just created. So firstly, let me select Git for the secret permissions and also for the certificate permissions. And when it comes to the principal here, I'm going to choose my front door app I just created. Let's select this one and let's add this axis policy. Then moving to the networking. I am not going to choose or specify any networking restrictions. However, you shouldn't do this in a production environment. You should restrict the access to the secrets in your key vaults at all times. Now I'm going to go ahead and create my key vault. All right. My key vault now is created, so I'm going to browse to my key vault. And let's go to certificates and I'm going to create or generate a new certificate. Self-signed certificate again, to make the key and name to be my name, for example. And then let's leave everything to the default values. I'm going to go ahead and create this certificate. Now I'm going to go back to my front door and I'm going to show you how I'm going to assign the certificate I just created in the key vault to my custom domain name. So again, I'm going to put the custom host in here. The Https and now I'm going to choose using my own certificates. And then here I can choose my key vault. And the secret, which is certificate, and then the certificate version, usually it's recommended to go for the latest one. And these are all the changes you will have to do to choose your own certificates to secure or provide an Https security for a custom domain name that you create in your Azure front door. That's all I have for you in this video. Now I am going to clean things up, so I'm going to delete the key vault. And then I'm going to remove the role assignment for the front door app. And then I'm going to go back to the Active Directory and delete front door app. I've created. So this was all I have for you in this video we have seen. How can we secure our custom domain names using Https, either using Azure front door managed certificates or using your own certificates that are stored in key vaults. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.