Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we create an apex domain name for our Azure front door? But firstly, let's understand what apex domain name means. So if I'm going to open a new browser tab and type in Hussein awad.com. This is an example of apex domain name or a root domain name. However, if I'm going to put any prefix like front door dot Hussein or.com or dev dot Hussein or.com, then in this case it won't be an apex domain name. So what the difference was, if you remember in a previous video, when you have created a custom domain name for our Azure front door, we created a C name record for our domain provider and linked it to the front end of our Azure front door. However, there is a limitation of linking or creating a C name record for the apex domain name. So if you want to have your custom domain name to be your apex domain name for the Azure front door, it won't work by using the C name record for your domain provider. So I'm going to go ahead now and show you how can we do it in the DNS zone? So firstly I'm going to create a DNS zone. I'm going to put it in Australia East Resource Group and I'm going to call it Husain Awad Dotcom, and let's go ahead and create the DNS zone. Let's go to the our DNA zone and let's create a C name record, which what we have done before, when we tried to create a custom domain name, we called it frontdoor dot assign our.com and we linked it. We created a synonym record and we linked it. To the front end of our Azure front door. Let's take the Https out. However, I want you to notice something in the C name record. This is going to be what the client needs to use in order to be able to access your custom domain name. As you can see here, it's not the apex domain name. And sometimes you want to allow your customers to be able to access your custom domain name by just hitting the apex domain name and in this case, by just typing in Hussain awad.com. However, as I said before, there is a limitation for creating a CNAME record for the apex domain name. So let's go ahead and see what does this mean. So if I try to create a CNAME record for the apex domain name, it won't work. It will ask me to provide some prefix for the custom domain name. As you can see here, it's not allowed by DNS protocol to create a CNAME record for the Epics domain name. But what we can do in this case is to create an alias record. And in this case, it will allow me to create a custom domain name for the epics. Domain name. And in this case, I'm going to create a record set and I'm going to route it to my Azure front door, and then let's go ahead with that. Now my alias record has been created. And then when the client wants to access my custom domain name, they would be able to access it straight by typing in the apex domain name of my domain. So let's go back to my Azure front door and see how can we add this epic domain name as a custom domain name for my Azure front door? So I'm going to go ahead and put the epics domain name in the custom host name in here. So I'm going to put my name in here. And if you want to have Https protocol for your custom domain name, then you go ahead and enable it. And if you remember from a previous video that you cannot use a front door managed certificates for the apex domain names, and in this case, you will have to use your own certificate that's stored in a key vault. And I'm going to refer you to the previous video to see how can we use a key vault to create a certificate and then to be used for the Azure front door in case you are using the apex domain name as a custom domain name for your Azure front door. So this is the key difference between the key name record and the Alias record. CNAME record cannot be used for the apex domain name and if this is what you want, you need to create an alias record. And always remember, if you are going to go ahead and create a custom domain name for an apex domain name, then you will have to use your own certificate that's stored in the key vault because front door managed certificates cannot be applied for an apex Domain Names. That's all I have for you in this video. So I'm going to go ahead now and clean things up. So I'm going to delete the DNS zone I've just created. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.