Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we do redirection from Http traffic to Https through our Azure front door? To understand what this mean, let's copy the front end of our Azure front door and put it in incognito window. You can notice here, it's https traffic. And when we hit it, we get a secured traffic through our backend pool. But let's try to change the https to Http only and see what we will get. End result, we had been redirected to our backend pool. But in this case, our traffic is not secure because it's over Http protocol. And what we are going to see in this video is how to redirect the Http traffic to Https. Now let's get started. Let's go to our front door designer and then let's edit our routing rules. I'm going to change the name of our routing rule and make it http redirection. And then for the accepted protocol, I'm going to choose Http only and the front end is already selected, the front end of our Azure front door. Now I'm going to choose the route type to be redirect. And I'm going to make it for Https. So for every incoming Http traffic through the Azure front door, it's going to be redirected to Https. And I'm going to go ahead and update this rule. Actually, I need to go ahead and create another routing rule. I'm going to call it backend routing. And this rule, it's going to accept only https traffic. The front end is the same front end of our Azure front door. And then I'm going to forward it to our backend pool through Https only. And then I'm going to go ahead and add this routing rule. Then let's save our changes. All right, now my changes has been saved. Let's get back to Incognito to test our changes. And as you can notice here, when we try to hit the front end of our Azure front door, we have got not secure traffic because we tried to access our front door using Http protocol. And now after we have created this routing rule, we are going to be able to redirect the Http traffic to Https. So we are going to end up having a secure connection to our back end pool. So let's go ahead and refresh this page. And as you can see here, it's now secured traffic. And if we had a closer look at the protocol, it's Https, even though if we try to change it to Http again, it always ends up with Https. This is according to the redirection we have configured in our routing rule to redirect http traffic to Https. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.