Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the back end, the targets and the back in the pool in the Azure front door. So let's go to the front door designer and we are able to see here the list of the back end pools we have configured in our Azure front door. So let's dive deeper into this. So this is our back in the pool. And as you can see here, we have created two backhand targets for our backhand pool. And these two targets could be hosted in Azure or on prem or any other cloud provider as long as it's reachable through the public Internet and it has a public IP address. Then you could configure it as an endpoint or a target for your back end pool. So let's go ahead and add a new back end. And as you can see here, these are the different host types that you can add as a back end target for your back in the pool. And we have already added two up services as a back end target for our pool. And you are able to add all of these services. And if you want to add something else that hasn't specified in this list, you can go for the custom host and then you specify the public IP address or fully qualified domain name, and then you will be ready to go. So let me change it back to the app service. But before we get into that, I want you to notice here the application gateway could be a target for Azure front Door, which is quite interesting. Like both of the front door and application Gateway are considered to be one of the Azure load balancing services. So we are going to direct the traffic from one load balancer to another load balancer, which is interesting. But the main difference here, as I said at the beginning of this video or of this course, that the Azure front door considered to be a global service. So you are going to have the front door to accept the traffic globally coming from your customers. And then after you are going to direct the traffic to a different regions, you can place a regional load balancer, which is in this case could be application gateway to route the traffic to different instances within the same region. Anyway, so let's get back to the back end targets. So if we select an app service, for example, you will get to choose a subscription where the back end instance is going to be hosted. And this is one of the interesting things about Azure Front Door because it's a global service, so it's not tied to a specific subscription. You can specify any instance in the same subscription or in a different subscription, maybe in the same region or in a different region. And then you get to specify the back end host name, which is in this case the host name of my app service, and then the host header is going to be filled automatically. And then you get to specify the Http port https and then we will have the priority and waits, which are two interesting configurations. And let's dive a little bit more into these. So for the priority one, there is something called priority traffic routing, which allows you to configure what would be the primary instance and what would be the first backup, second backup and so on. So it's a way to allow you to configure active active configuration or active passive configured option, which are very common terms in disaster recovery scenarios. So what does it mean? So let's get back to the back end pools. As you can see here, both of my back end targets has priority one, which means both of them are going to accept the traffic at the same time, which makes both of them an active, active configuration for my Azure front door. However, if I'm going to go ahead for the second app service and I change its priority to be to. What does this mean? That all my traffic now is going to be directed to app service one, which has priority one and app service two will never get any traffic as long as app service one is up and running. This is what we mean by active passive configuration and this is very common in disaster recovery scenarios. You can configure the priority to be any number from. Let's first bring the priority back to be one for app service to the priority. Here can be any number between 1 to 5. Like if I try to put six in here, it won't work. And the lower the priority, the lower the number, the higher the priority. Which means like one in here will be the highest priority in this configuration. Now let's come to the weights, which is another interesting configuration you can do for the Azure front door. And it's called weighted traffic routing, where you can assign the weight for each backend in the front door configuration and it can be any number between 1 to 1000 and the default is 50. As you can see here, could be any number between 1 to 1 thousandths. We are going to come back to the weighted traffic routing in more details, probably in the routing section. And it's important to mention that the host header should be exactly the same as the host name. If you are using any of the app service or blob storage or cloud service. Now let's get back to the backend pool and see what other configurations we can do for the backend pool itself. But firstly, let's talk about what the backend pool means. It's a logical grouping of your application. Instances could be in the same region or in a different region, but all of these instances has to do the same job. And you could have them in an active, active deployment or you could have them in an active passive configuration, as I've talked about in the priority traffic routing before. And in order for Azure front door to know the health status of the back end targets, Azure front door is going to use health probes to know the health status of those back end targets. So you can specify the path of your health probes and which protocol is going to operate on whether it's Http or Https. And when it comes to the probe method, you could choose either of head or get verbs. However, for lower load and cost, you should go for the head. Yeah, it's already mentioned in here. And also you get to specify the interval. How often Azure front door is going to check for the health status of the back end targets. And the default here is 30s. Then finally, here we are, coming to the load balancing, which is a way to help Azure front door to decide how it's going to evaluate the health status of the back end targets. So let's say that we set our sample size to be four, and our interval here is 30s, and we have configured that the successful sample required are going to be two. So over the last two minutes. Which is the time required to send the four samples. We configure the Azure front door to receive at least two successful samples from the back end target. In order to mark that back in the target as a healthy back end target. Finally, here we have the latency sensitivity. This is what you are going to define if you want to make your Azure front door, send the requests to backends within a specific latency range or you just forward the request to the closest back end to the Azure front door. And again, we are going to come again to the latency traffic routing in more details in the routing section. That's all I have for you in this video. We have talked about the backend pools and the backend targets. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.