Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we play around with the rules engine and add a security headers to our front door? So let's get started by going to the Azure front door and go to Rules engine configuration and let's go ahead and add a new rule. I'm going to call it. My rules engine. And the rule name here. It's going to be my rule. And in this case, I'm not going to specify any condition because I want to apply this security header to all requests coming through my Azure front door. So let's go straight for the action and add a response header. And let's append content security policy. And for the header value here, let's put the script. A saucy self. And then putting the Https API dot Azure dot net or any other URL you would like. It's not actually going to work. Now, after we have added the rules engine, we need to get back to the front door designer and attach the rule engine we have created to the routing rules. So as you can see here in our routing rule, there is no rules engine is configured. Now let's go ahead and select my rules engine I have just created. And let's go ahead and save my changes. Now my front door has been updated, so let's go and test it. So I'm going to browse to my front door DNS. As you can see, the web app is stopped. So I need to start my app services. So let's select all of them and start my app services. They are now ready. Now, as you can see, our front door has directed the traffic again to our app services. Now, how can we tell that the rules engine that we have created actually took place? So let's press on F12 to see the console. And as you can see here, the content security policy directive that we have specified violates some requirements because actually the endpoint I have entered is not actually working. I just put it to show you how can we add a new security header to the Http responses that are coming out of the front door and how we can put a specific values on those headers. This is just to show you how can we play around with the rules engine and create some actions or add a security headers to the Http responses coming out of the front door. Now let's go ahead and clean things up because we are going to get back to the rules engine in more details later. This is just to give you an overview about what Rules Engine is about. So I'm going to go ahead and delete this rule engine, but it's already associated to the routing rule. So what I need to do is to d associate my rule engine from the routing rule and then I will be able to delete my rules engine from front door configuration. Now let's get back to the rules engine configuration and delete the rule engine I have created. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.