Hi, everyone. In this video, we are going to go ahead and create a Web application firewall policy and associated with our front door. So let's get started and see how can we do this? Let's search for web application firewall policies and let's go ahead and create a new policy. So when I create the WAF policy, I have to choose what service this policy is for. And in this case, it's going to be for my front door. And I'm going to put it in Australia East Resource Group and I'm going to call it wealth front door policy. And leave it as a detection mode as a default. Now, moving to the managed rules, I'm going to choose rule set 1.1. And as you can see here, I can enable or disable a specific rules according to my requirements. And as you can see here, all of these rules are already enabled by default. If you have some specific requirements to exclude some rule, you can just go ahead and disable this rule. However, I'm not going to go ahead and do that. Also you can add additional rule set like bot protection, rule set and similar as before. You are able to see the enabled rules and you can go ahead and disable any rule that doesn't work for your requirements. Now let's go to the policy settings. And I'm going to leave everything to the default values. And for the custom rules, I'm going to create a new custom rule. So I'm going to call it my custom rule. And I'm going to give it a priority one. And I'm going to make it for geolocation if it's not Australia. Then I am going to deny traffic. So I'm creating a geolocation filtering here to block any traffic that's not coming from Australia. Let's go ahead and add this custom rule and in here I can go ahead and add the front door for this policy. As you can see here, however, I'm not going to do it from here. I will do it from the front door after this policy is created. So let's go ahead and create this WAF policy. All right. The West policy is now deployed. Let's get back to the front door and see how can we associate the West policy with our front door. And as you can see here, we have a menu item for Web application firewall. And if I'm going to select the front end domain for my Azure front door, and then I will be able to apply a policy for this domain. And now I'm going to specify the WAF policy I've just created, and I'm going to go ahead and add it to my Azure front door and then let's save my changes. All right. Now, the last policy has been associated with my front end domain. I have configured for my front door. This is just to show you how can we attach WAF policy with our front door? And we are going to come back to the Web application firewall port in the front door in more details later, I will just showing you how can you configure or associate a policy with an Azure front door? Now let's go ahead and clean things up. So I'm going to select the front end domain of my Azure front door and I'm going to remove this policy and save my changes. And now let's go back to the policies and remove our policy. Let's select our policy. And go ahead and delete it. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.