Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the caching behavior in Azure front door. You remember when I mentioned that Azure Front Door is a global service and also considered to be a CDN because it has an ability to cache certain content at different edge locations around the world. So let's go ahead and see from where can we configure the cache in Azure front door. So it is in the routing rules where you can enable and configure the caching behavior for your Azure front door. And as you can see here, once you enable cache, you will be able to select the cache behavior, whether to ignore a query, strings or cache every unique URL or ignore a specific query strings or include specific query strings. These are the different caching behaviors that you are asking front door to implement when they cache your content at different edge locations. And then we are coming to the dynamic compression. You can enable it or disable it as you like. Then coming to the cache duration or default cache duration. So in any caching system there is a term called cache expiry. This is a duration of time that the Azure front door is going to keep your cached content at the edge location and it's not going to bring it from the back end the target. This is to speed up the response that's been sent to the end user. So if you are going to enable the default cache duration for Azure front door, then Azure front door is going to keep your content at the different edge locations until the default cache duration expires. However, if you wish to specify your own cache expiration policy, you can go ahead and specify the minimum cache duration you want. Azure front door to use when the case your content. So why cash expiration exists? It actually exists to ensure that the end user is going to get up to date or latest content from your backends, and you need to maintain a good balance here for your cache duration. Because if it's too little, probably it might be useless because every few seconds Azure front door might need to get the fresh content from the backend targets. At that point your caching wouldn't achieve much benefit. However, if you have made the cache duration too big, then the end client might get all the content that you have already updated. Time. Now let's assume that you have configured your caching behavior in a certain way and for some reason you want to clear all the keys in all edge locations around the world. Maybe you have made a big update and you want to make sure that the end users are going to start fresh. Receiving your latest or recent content. That there is a way to do this by purging your cache so you can go ahead here and purge all content in all edge locations around the world. Or if you are more specific, you can specify what exactly you want to teach. Maybe you can go for the road domain or maybe you go for a specific file like pictures and then welcome dot PNG for example. Or you can go for a wildcard domain, maybe going for docs and then all of the documents under docs. These are the different ways you can instruct Azure front door to purge certain caged content at different edge locations. And of course you can purge all if you want to azure front door to get rid of all caged content in all edge locations around the world. Caching is going to improve the performance of your solutions a lot and you should be consider using cache whenever it is applicable for your architecture. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.