Hi, everyone. In this video, we are going to talk about the rules engine in the Azure front door. And we have already created a rules engine and associated it with a routing rule in a previous video, if you remember. And now we are going to dive deeper into the rules engine configuration. So simply speaking, the rules engine allows you to change or customize the Http requests that are coming or handled by Azure Front Door. So you can apply a certain behaviors on the incoming requests based on a specific conditions. And there are some scenarios you want to consider using the rules engine for your Azure front door. Maybe when you want to enforce Https connection with the end customer to ensure that they are always have a secure connection with your application. Or maybe when you want to implement some security headers to prevent common browser vulnerabilities like Http, strict transport security or cross-site scripting or content security policy or ex frame options or access control. Allow origin headers for Cross-origin resource sharing. This kind of security based attributes that can be defined in the rules engine configurations. Or maybe when you want to route a request to a mobile or desktop versions of your application based on some information in the content or cookies or query string or Http headers, or if you want to make some redirection, maybe internally or externally based on the incoming protocol or incoming request path. And we have seen the URL redirection in a previous video and you should be able to achieve the same using the rules engine as well. Also, if you want to modify the caching configurations based on the incoming request and if you want to change or rewrite the request URL and forward it to a specific backend target based on the incoming request parameters. So these are the different things you can do in the rules engine configurations. Now let's look at some diagrams and try to understand how the rules engine work and when actually it's going to be executed. So firstly, when the client sends the request to Azure front door, the first thing it's going to get evaluated is the WAF policies to ensure that the request is fine. Secure doesn't have any security vulnerabilities to our applications. And once those policies are executed and nothing wrong with the incoming requests, then the rules engine is going to take place. Usually the rules engine has a condition and an action. When the condition is met, when the condition is true, the action is going to take place. When the condition is false, the action is not going to be applied. And in this scenario here, we have configured our action to extend the lifetime of the cache to be the maximum age. This only going to be executed when the condition is true, which is the request. The file extension is jpg. However, when the condition is false, then the request is going to be routed to the routing rule and then the backend is going to respond with the default cache control we have configured in our backend targets. So in the incoming request match the condition we have specified in our rules engine. Then in this case the cache control is going to be changed in our response header to the customer. And if the condition doesn't met in the incoming request, then the request is going to be routed to the routing rule and then we are going to respond with the default cache control to the customer. So let's look at another example to help us understand it better. Let's say that we have created a rules engine with a condition to check for the device type the client is using to connect to our application. And based on our rules engine condition here, if the device is mobile, then we are going to direct the customer to a mobile version of our app. However, when the condition is false and the customer is connecting from a desktop, then we are going to direct it to the routing rule, which you are going to respond with the desktop version of our application. So according to our rules engine configuration, if we have a client trying to connect to our application from their mobile device, then we are going to respond with the mobile version of our application. And if we have another customer connecting to our application using their desktop, then we are going to respond with the desktop version of our application. This is just to give you a quick overview of what is the rules engine and where it sets in terms of the evaluation and rules engine configuration and when exactly it gets executed. And in the next few videos, we are going to dive deep into the rules engine and its conditions and actions. So you will be able to tell what are the different conditions you could set in the rules engine and what are the different actions you could apply as well. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.