Hi, everyone. In this video, we are going to see the different conditions we can specify in our rules engine. So let's get started by creating a rules engine. And I call it my rules engine. Then my rule name here is going to be rule one. Now, let's go ahead and add different conditions. Let's start with the device type. And this allows us to identify requests that are coming from a specific device, whether it's a mobile or desktop. Also you can add a condition based on the post argument, and this will help us to identify requests based on arguments sent in the post request body. Let's say that we want to identify the customer name in the post arguments. If it begins with some values like X and also I can do some transformation for these arguments. However, I'm not going to do any at the moment. Also, we can create a condition on query string and this will help us to identify requests based on a specific query string. Maybe, for example, it's going to contain language equal English us. Also, I can specify a condition based on the remote address and I can specify a geo match and selecting few countries or all countries that I would like to identify in my request or I can specify IP address range, could be single IP address or could be a Cidr range. Also, I can add a condition based on the request body to identify requests based on a certain information or certain text that's been sent in the request body. So let's make a condition. If it contains some words like error, for example. Also, I can make a condition based on the request file name to identify requests that include a specified file name in the URL. If it's equals secure dot XML for example. Also, I can make a condition based on the file extension so I can identify requests that include the specified file extensions in the request URL. So if it's equal, maybe PDF or XML or doc, I can include multiple values in the values here. Also I can add a condition that are going to identify requests based on a specific request header and let's put my header name to be my header. And then. It's going to equal certain value. Like ten. Also I can add a condition based on the request method. So I will be able to identify the incoming requests based on a specific http verbs. Maybe I have incoming request for a delete verb or a trace verb. I am able to identify these verbs for my incoming requests. Also, I can add a condition based on the request path to identify some requests based on the path or the incoming request path. Maybe if it contains some API domain in the request path. As you can see here, after I have created ten conditions, I am not able to create or add any more conditions because this is the maximum number of conditions I can create for my rules engine. So what I'm going to do now is just delete the last one so I can add extra conditions. I can add another condition based on the request protocol, whether it's Http or Https, so I can identify the incoming traffic or incoming requests, whether they are Http or Https. Also, I can add another condition for the request URL. So if the request URL contains a specific text, I will be able to identify them in this condition. For example, if it contains some values like API, for example, I will be able to detect it and it's going to trigger my condition. Now we have seen the different conditions we could configure in our rule. Now let's see what are different actions we can trigger. We can create an action for the request header and we can append, overwrite or delete. Maybe I'm going to append it and add content security policy as a header. Then the header value, for example, is going to be 100. Also, I can add an action for the response header. That is going to be returned to my clients. I can add some action or maybe delete some of the headers, sensitive headers that I don't want to be sent back to my clients. Maybe in this case could be the ASP.Net version. Also, I can add an action to override the routing configuration I have specified in the routing rule so I can either forward or redirect the traffic. So if I'm going to forward it, I can forward it to a different back end pool or choosing the forwarding protocol, whether it's Http or Https, whether I'm going to do any URL rewriting or any caching would be enabled for this rule. And if I enable the caching in here, you will see that I can play around with the caching configuration. Or I can route the traffic or redirect the traffic to another destination. He's doing the configurations in here and you have already seen the URL redirection in the routing rules configuration and you should be able to get or achieve the same results using the redirection or forwarding configuration in the rules engine configuration. This is all I have for you in this video. This is to show you how can we create different rules, engines and specify some conditions and also trigger some actions based on those conditions? Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.