Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the routing architecture of the Azure front door. Like when the client sends a request to Azure front door, what's going to happen and how Azure front door handles the client request. So in this video we are going to dive deep into all of these layers and phases inside Azure front door to see and understand how Azure front door can process the incoming client requests. The first step we have here is when the client decided to send the request to Azure front door edge location, as we have said before. Azure front door is a global service and also it can be used as a CDN content delivery network and it has edge locations around the world. And based on the client location, the client request is going to be directed to the closest edge location, to the customer or to the client location. And this is going to be the first step. Then after that, Azure front door is going to try to match the incoming Http request to a front door instance that you have configured to your environment. And front door will be able to do this by using the host header if the incoming request and if you are using a custom domain name. As I said before, you have to register your custom domain name in the Azure front door as well as in your domain provider. Then after Azure Front Door finds the right Azure front door instance that the customer wants to hit, then what's going to happen is establishing the TLS connection through TLS handshake between the client and the server, using the TLS certificate that you have provided for your custom domain, or in case you're using the default endpoint of front door, then the front door certificate is going to be used in this case. Then moving to the next step, which is evaluating the rules. This is definitely going to take place only if you have enabled the web application firewall for your Azure front door. And if you didn't enable WAF inside your front door, then there is no WAF rules is going to be executed. And in this phase, if there is any violation has been detected, then Azure front door is going to stop the processing of the incoming request and is going to respond to the client with an error. However, if the incoming request was genuine, doesn't have any security issues, it's going to be processed or forwarded to the next step where front door is going to match the routing rule to the incoming request. And we are going to dive deeper into this in a separate video. And as we said before, there are rules engine can get associated with the routing rules. And if you have already associated some rules engine with your routing rules, then they are going to be evaluated and see if they are meeting the conditions or not. Keeping in mind that the rules engine actions can override the routing rules you have already defined for your Azure front door. Then if you have configured caching for the Azure front door, then if the response has been already changed in one of the Azure front door edge locations, then in this case the response is going to be returned from the edge locations cache. Assuming that the case was enabled, then the process is going to be terminated at that point and the client is going to get a response from the front door edge location case. However, if the cache was disabled, then the execution is going to move on to the next step where Azure front door is going to select a back end target from the back end pool. As we said before, the back end pool is a logical grouping of many resources. To be in the same pool and front door is going to make this selection based on three factors the health status of the back end instance, whether it is healthy or not, and front door is able to know this by using the health probes, as we said before. The second factor is the routing method for the back end pool. And also if you have enabled session affinity in Azure front door, these are the three main factors that Azure Front Door is using to determine what would be the back end instance that are going to be selected to send the incoming request to this back end target. Finally, front door is going to go ahead and send the incoming request to the selected back end target in order to be executed and then returning the response to the client. So these are the different phases and processes and layers that are going through inside the Azure front door in order to process the incoming request and return a response to the client. It's a very important to know where this layer is set within Azure front door and when they are getting executed and what layers can override the actions of a previous layer so you understand how it works internally. So when you configure Azure front door, you can configure it correctly. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.