Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the routing rule matching in Azure front door. In a production environment, you are not going to end up having 2 or 3 routing rules as we see in front of us here. You are going to end up having hundreds of routing rules in your production workloads. So it's very, very important to understand how the routing rule matching works. And you should be able to tell which routing rule is going to be triggered based on an incoming request that is hitting your Azure front door. And in this video, we are going to dive deep into the routing rule matching in Azure front door. So let's get started and dive into one of our routing rules we have configured before. So when it comes to the routing rule matching, I want you to imagine two sides. The left hand side and the right hand side. And what we are trying to do here is to do some matching between the left hand side and the right hand side. The left hand side is going to be the incoming match, and it's going to be determined by three factors the incoming protocol, whether it's Http or Https or both protocols. Second factor is going to be the front end, whether it's a default endpoint of Azure front door or a custom domain name you have specified for your front door. This is the second factor. And the third factor is the path you have specified in the incoming requests. So these three factors together are considered to be the left hand side of the picture and what we call it, the incoming match. And what sits on the right hand side is the root route. So based on the three factors I just talked about, we want a route that traffic coming through, the three factors into a specific route that sits on the right hand side. And we are going to dive deeper into the matching process for the front end domains and for the paths as well. So let's go to the Azure documentation and see some examples of the front end matching. The matching rule is very easy and straightforward. The first thing Azure front door is trying to do is to find an exact match to the incoming request. If Azure front door didn't find any exact match, then it's going to respond with 400 bad request error. So let's say that we have defined the three routing rules in Azure Front Door. Routing Rule A, B and C, and these are the different front end hosts for the different routing rules, and these are the different paths as well. Now let's try to work out which routing rule is going to be matched based on the incoming front end hosts. If the request was for Contoso.com, we have it already defined in routing rule A and routing rule B and in this case, rules A and B are going to be matched for this request. However, if we have a request for fabric.com. Again, we have an exact match in Rule C. Then our matching rule is going to be routing rule C. And if we try to hit images.fabric.com which we don't have an exact match in our front end hosts, then we are going to get 400 response code. Bad request. And if we try to hit full adventure Work.com again, we have an exact match in routing rule. See? So we are going to respond with routing rule. See? However, if we try these three routing rules that we haven't defined before, like contoso.com adventureworks.com or northwind traders.com. For all these three requests, we are going to get 400 response code bad requests because there is no exact match to any of these requests in the front end hosts in our routing rules. Hopefully it now make more sense. Now let's have a closer look at the path matching. So we have already talked about the front end matching and understand how it works. Now we are going to talk about the path matching and the very similar to the front end matching rules. So firstly, Azure front door will try to find an exact match to the path. If it didn't find an exact match to the incoming path, then Azure front door is going to try to find a routing rule with a wild card path. If Azure front door didn't find it, then it's going to respond with 400 response code or bad request. So let's try to work it out again as we have done before. So let's say these are the different routing rules we have configured for our Azure front door and this is the front end host configuration. All of them are the same and the path here is different. And what we are going to work out here on the right hand side of the screen is to try to work out what would be the matched routing rule based on the incoming request. So when we get a request for contoso.com. Again, it's an exact match to our routing rule. So in this case, it's going to be routing rule A. And if our incoming requests contoso.com backslash. A So it's going to be an exact match to a routing rule B we have specified and our matching rule here, it's going to be B. And if we have got an incoming request for contoso.com/ab. Again, we have an exact match for routing rule C and our match rule. It's going to be rule C. And if we get an incoming request, Contoso.com backslash A, B, c. Again, we have an exact match with role D and this is going to be our matched rule. However, if we have got an incoming request with something random like backslash AB treble Z, that we don't have any exact match in our path here. In this case, we are going to go to the next step, which Azure front door will try to match it with a wild card path. And in this case, we have it already defined in routing rule B and B here is going to be our matched rule. And if we get some incoming requests Contoso.com backslash, ABC backslash. We have an exact match to this incoming request, which is routing rule E, So our matching rule, it's going to be E. And if we are get an incoming request back, slash a, b, C, back slash D. As you can see here, we don't have an exact match. So we are going to move to the next step where we are going to look for wild card path. And in this case, we have routing rule F meets our condition, and Rule F is going to be our matched rule. And if you have got an incoming request, A, B, C, back slash D, F, we have an exact match in routing rule G and G here is going to be our matched route. And if we have got an incoming request, A, B, C, backslash, D, F, treble Z, as you can see, we don't have an exact match, so we'll try to match it with a wildcard path. And we have already one here for routing rule F. And then here I'm going to put a routing rule. F is going to be matched for this incoming request. And if we have got incoming request A, b, c, d, e, f backslash g, h i. Again, we don't have any exact match, so we are going to go for the closer wild card. And as you can see here, routing rule F is going to be matched to this incoming request. And if we try to put Contoso.com back slash path again, we don't have any exact match. Don't confuse it with routing rule hitch. It's a little bit different. So we don't have an exact match to backslash path. And in this case, we are going to look for a wild card and we are going to go for routing rule be. If we have got an incoming request. Contoso.com backslash. Backslash, we have an exact match which is routing rule hitch. And in this case, it's going to be our matched route. And finally, if we have an incoming request, backslash path, backslash, triple Z. Again, we don't have an exact match in our rules configuration, so we are going to go for the wild card path and we are going to select routing Rule B. These are just a few examples to show you. What would be the routing rule that is going to be selected for the incoming requests based on the configurations we have configured in our Azure front door. However, we haven't seen a scenario here like what if we had an incoming request that doesn't have an exact match and it doesn't match with the wild card path? And in this case, we are going to look at this example here. We have a route rule A with a host profile, dot contoso.com with this path. And if the incoming request is something completely different, that we don't have any exact match and we don't have a wild card that matches the incoming request, then in this case, Azure front door is going to respond with 400 response code. Bad request. As I said before, it's a very important to understand how Azure front Door makes the matching decision for the different routing rules, because in production environments you are going to end up having many routing rules and you need to be able to tell which rule is going to be triggered for different incoming requests. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.