Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the different routing methods that Azure Front Door is using to route incoming traffic requests to a selected backend instance. An Azure front door actually is using for routing methods. In order to do this. First one, let's dive first into the backend pool. First routing method that Azure front door is using is latency based routing. This is when Azure front door is going to send the client requests to the instance that has the lowest latency and also within the acceptable latency sensitivity that we have configured in our back end pool. Generally speaking, the user requests are going to be sent to the closest instance to the user location. So when I say the closest instance, I don't mean geographical location, I mean from a networking latency perspective. Then the second routing method that Azure front door is using is the priority routing method. This is when you define some set of primary back end instances and some set of secondary back end instances. And then when the primary instances are not available for any reason, then the traffic is going to be directed to the secondary back end instance. We call this like active active deployment or active passive deployment to ensure high availability architecture for the back end services. In the third routing method we have in here is the weighted routing method. And you can configure it in a way to ensure that you distribute the traffic evenly across your back end instances. Only if the latency is within the acceptable latency sensitivity range that you have specified for your back end pool. Finally, and it's not in the back in the pool, it's in the front end configuration this session affinity. This is when you want to enable session affinity in the front door. Then Azure front door is going to send subsequent user requests to the same server where the user had already initially sent their first request. It's a kind of a maintaining the same session for the particular user. Now out of all of these four different methods, how Azure front door is going to determine which instance or which routing method is going to take place. So let's look at this example here in Azure documentation. So these are the different phases or stages that Azure front door is going to go through in order to determine what is the selected instance that Azure front door is going to send the traffic to it. So in this scenario, we assume that we have six instances A, B, C, D, E, and F, And in our first phase, Azure front door is trying to determine out of these six instances which instances are the healthy ones. And we ended up having only four instances that are considered to be the healthy instances for Azure front door. So we are walking away from the first step with four healthy instances. Now we are coming to the second evaluation or second step, which is priority based routing, assuming that we have configured our backend pool in a way to make A, B and D has priority one, while in instance, F will have priority two. So according to this configuration, we will walk away from the second phase having only three instances valid, which are A, B and D. Then move into the latency step. And let's assume that the latency, for instance, A is 15 millisecond. The latency, for instance, B is 30 millisecond, and the latency, for instance, D is 60 millisecond. And we have configured our acceptable latency or latency sensitivity in our pool to be 30 milliseconds, for example. So according to this, we will walk away from the latency step having two healthy instances A and B, because as we see in front of us here, D doesn't sit in the acceptable latency range that we have specified. So currently we're coming to the last step with two healthy instances A and B that are healthy. Up and running has the same priority and within the same latency sensitivity range we have specified in our back end pool. Then let's say that we have configured our weights to be five for instance, A and eight, for instance B, then the traffic is going to be distributed in a ratio of 5 to 8 among A and B, So for every five requests that are going to be routed to instance A, in instance, B are going to get eight requests. So this is just to show you how Azure front Door is using different routing methods to make a decision about what would be the selected instance to send the traffic to it. Now let's dive a little bit deeper into the priority traffic routing. And we have talked about it before in a previous video. So priority traffic routing allows you to configure high availability architecture for your services so you can have an active, active deployment similar to what we have in front of us here when all back end instances has the same priority number, or you can configure it to be in an active, passive way, this is when you have some back end instances, has a higher priority than the others. So maybe if I'm going to go ahead and change the priority of the other back end instance in this configuration, I have configured my back end pool to work as an active passive model. A priority. One is going to receive the traffic all the time and as long as it is up and running. Priority two will never get any traffic from Azure front door. Periodically, two instances are only going to get traffic from Azure front door when priority one instances becomes unhealthy or unable to accept traffic from front door for any reason. And when we define the priority number, it has to be a number between 1 to 5 and the lower the number, the higher the priority are going to specify for your backend instance. Now coming to the wait traffic routing of our backend pool, as we said before, it's a way to tell or to distribute the traffic evenly across the backend instances and we can configure it to be any number between 1 to 1000 and the default value is 50. So what's going to happen is the traffic is going to be routed to the backend instance based on the weights we have configured in our backend pool. And as long as the latency for the backend instances are within the latency sensitivity we have specified in our backend pool as we have seen in this example. Latency routing method takes the place before weighted routing method. This is to ensure that all backend instances that are going to get into the weighted traffic routing fits within the latency sensitivity for our backend pool that we have configured in our Azure front door. And there are many scenarios you want to implement the weighted traffic routing when you want to have a gradual application upgrade. So you are going to create a new set of instances in the back end pool. And then gradually you want to increase the traffic to the new instances until you shift all the traffic to the new backend instances. Also when you want to migrate an application to Azure as well. And the final routing method, we are going to talk about sets in the front end host, which is the session affinity. So by default, having session affinity disabled for Azure front door. Azure front door is going to send the requests coming from the same client to the front backend servers. And in some situations this might not be the best practice because sometimes you want to implement some session management for your users using the back end servers. And if the initial user request has been sent to a particular backend instance you want to maintain, the subsequent user requests will be sent to the same backend instance. This is what the session affinity will allow us to do. We'll allow Azure front door to have or maintain a session for all incoming requests coming from the same user and then allow Azure front door to send all these requests to the same server. So in this video we have talked about the different routing methods that Azure Front Door is using to route the incoming requests to a selected backend instance. And this table is really helpful to summarize what are the different steps and which one takes place first and how it contributes to the incoming inputs to the second phase. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.