Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about Azure front door standard and premium tier. It's not very different from front door classic that we have already seen throughout the video, but I wanted to give you a chance to see both tiers so you can see what are the improvements and what are the differences between the classic version of Azure Front door and Standard and premium tier. So if I'm going to browse to the premium tier or front door standard premium tier, you will be able to see the classic front door that I have already created before. So I'm going to go ahead and create a front door standard premium, which is still in public preview. And at the beginning I have two options whether I want to use an Azure front door or use other offerings, which is primarily around using a CDN for different providers. Now let's stick to Azure front door and I'm going to go with the custom create to give you more chance to have a look at the detailed steps of building up our Azure front door. Let's go ahead with that. Now I'm going to put it in Australia East region and I'm going to go for the premium tier because some features are only available in the premium tier and they want to give you a chance to have a look at it. Now let's go to the secrets and here you are going to specify or add different certificates you want to add to your Azure front door. You remember when I mentioned that when you create a custom domain name for your Azure front door, you need to provide a certificate for the custom domain name. And in this screen you will be able to add your own certificate. It onto the endpoint screen. And let's go ahead and add an end point. I'm going to call the endpoint name to be front door premium. Then let's put some numbers and let's go ahead and add the end points. Now you are going to see the different steps I need to do to configure my endpoint properly. So I'm going to start adding the origin group, which is exactly the same as the back end. The targets that we use to do for the front end classic. So I'm going to call this back end. And then in here I'm going to add an origin. So let's go ahead and call this origin one. And for my origin type, I'm going to go for app service and selecting app service one. And this is one of the key features that supported in the premium tier enabling a private link service for your backend targets or for your origins. So what is the private link service? Let's say that you are having some VMs in a private Vnet or maybe you are using a Pars environment like Azure App service, like what we are using, or you want to access blob storage without having these services enabled or accessible to the public internet. So having a private link service, it's going to allow the front door to be able to access the past environments or internal vnets securely without exposing those backend targets to the public internet. And when you are going to establish or enable the private link service on a particular origin, you are going to receive an email and you will have to approve it before the traffic will start to flow to your back end. Origin moment. Private link service is not available in some regions, including Australia, so I'm not going to enable the private link service for my app service. Let's go ahead and add it and let's add another backend target or another origin. Let's call it Origin two. And I'm going to select the other web application I have created before. And let's leave everything to the default values. Nothing new in here. All of these things we have talked about it in the Azure front door Classic. So let's go ahead and add our origin group, which is our back end. Then after creating or adding a back end, we need to specify a routing rule. So I'm going to call it routing rule, and then I'm going to select the front end domain and the origin group. It's going to be my back end and I'm going to add the routing rule. Also, I can specify the wave policies and block protection and DDoS attacks while I'm creating the front door premium tier. And as you can see, although I have a WAF policy already created before, it's not applicable to be associated to the Azure front door standard or premium tier. So I'm going to go ahead and create a new policy. New WAF, I'm going to call it front door premium and I need to get rid of the underscore. And then add both protection. And I'm going to associate it to the front end point of my front door. These are the main things I need to specify before being able to create my Azure front door. But probably I have missed some information. So let's get back to the name. Okay, I'm going to call it front door premium. Then let's put some random numbers. Now let's go ahead and create my Azure front door. So the deployment has failed for some reason. And as you can see here, because it failed to attach or create the security policies. So even though. Even though that is specific step has filled my Azure front door has been created on my website, policy has been created. Probably I need to do this step manually at some point anyways, so I'm going to go to my front door premium and see what are the main differences between the classic and premium versions. Probably it's around the interface and the pointer manager here. It's going to be the new interface to organize your front end back end routing rules and also enabling your security and policies on specific endpoints. And here are the domains that you are going to specify in your Azure front door whether they are default endpoints or they are custom domain names that you are going to create. And the origin groups here are going to be the back end targets to route the traffic through Azure front door to land to the back end targets. And the new name, that Azure Front Door Premium Tier is using is Origin group instead of back end targets. And the rule set. Similarly, as the front door classic, you can create certain rules and conditions and use them to override certain actions that have been specified in the routing rules. Now the security. We have it in a separate menu item by itself. So I'm going to go ahead and attach the policy because it hasn't been attached for some reason. I'm going to associate it to the front end of my front door. And then going to the optimization here, which is one of the new features in the front door premium. So in the optimization it tells me what improvements I could do in my current front door configurations. And as you can see, I haven't enabled caching or compression on my routing rule in my Azure front door and this could be one of the improvements that I could apply straightaway. Now the WAF policy has been associated, so let's go back to security and see what are the differences between the front door classic and the premium. So here we can see the association with the web policy that we have created with our domain, and we can dive deeper into the WAF rule here. And see what is the difference. And the main thing here in the managed rules, if we are going to have a look. You will notice that Azure front door premium could be associated to a higher level of managed ruleset offered by Microsoft. It's still in preview, but we didn't had the same chance to associate Ruleset two to Azure Front Door classic tier, if you remember. Also, you have a chance to associate it to a bot protection rule sets, and this is the same as we had it in Azure front door. On all of the actions you can do in the policy we have talked about in the front door classic. There is no much difference, although there is much more rules that are associated or created in set two. In rule. Set two. Now let's go back to the Azure front door. And in secrets here you can manage your different certificates that are coming from Key Vault as we have seen before. Now, one of the other key improvements or key features in Azure front door premium tier. Is built in real time reports. It allows you to see the data in real time as they come through to your Azure front door. So you can see the different traffic coming to your Azure front door according to different domains. Also you can see different usage metrics, data transferred in and out, protocols used, how many requests, the bandwidth and latency, all of this information, it's going to be available to you. One of the key metrics or key information that I like is the traffic by location, and it's been already used in APM, which is key for me to tell me if I'm getting an attack from a particular location around the world. I find it really useful to have a view of where the traffic is coming from that is hitting my services and this has been already available in APM two years ago or something, and I'm really glad that Microsoft added it to the Azure front door since it's such a global service now and you have some graphs telling you the cache hit ratio and the cache hit and cache miss percentage. So you know what you need to do differently for your case. And then you're going to be able to see the top URL, top referrer and top user agents. All of these are new kind of reports that will be available in the Azure front door standard and premium tiers. And then if you are using a premium tier, you are going to have an access to additional set of reports comes under security here, which is primarily focused on the WAF Web application firewall. And you will have more detailed information about how many allowed traffic blocked, logged or redirected. So in the classic version of Front Door, we didn't get to see that level of detail. Also, you will be able to see much detailed information about your security and WAF policies. So these are the main things I want you to be aware of when it comes to the Azure front door standard premium tiers. As I said before, they are still in public preview and I'm not sure if Azure is going to get rid of the classic front door altogether and keep it strict to standard or premium tier or probably they are going to keep both working next to each other. I haven't found a clear communication about that. But either way, we know how both works and what are the differences and what are the new features that you could be using for standard and premium tiers. That's all I have for you in this video. Probably I need to go back and clean things up, so I'm going to go back to my Azure front door and and before I delete it, I want to dissociate the firewall policy from my front door. So I'm going to go to my policy and the associated from my. Front door. Until this happened. I'm going to go back to my front door and I'm going to delete it. So I'm going to get back to my policy and I'm going to delete it as well. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.