Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the pricing for Azure Front door, classic standard and premium tiers. Let's start with the classic tier pricing. So for the classic tier pricing, it's around four main dimensions data transfer out from the edge locations to the clients, data transfer in from the client to the edge locations. And then the number of routing rules you have configured for your Azure front door and then the bandwidth, which is how much data transferred between front door and Azure websites. And you will be able to see the breakdown of each of these dimensions in the tables below. However, if you decided to go with Azure Web Application Firewall, it's going to have an additional cost that you need to be aware of as well. But when it comes to Azure front door standard or pricing tier, the dimensions are a little bit different. So we are going to get a charged based on five dimensions for standard or premium tier. The first one you are going to pay base fee based on the tier you are using. Then you are going to pay for outbound data transfer from the edge location to your clients and also an outbound data transfer from the edge locations to the origins, which are the back end targets. Also, you are going to pay for the number of requests coming from your clients to the Azure front door edge locations. However, you are going to have a free data transfer from the origins, which is your back end target that are hosted in Azure data centers and to your Azure front door edge locations. And when it comes to the base fee that you will have to pay, this is going to be the monthly price you are expected to pay for standard tier and premium tier. And as you can see, the premium tier is much more expensive than the standard tier. And then you are going to see the breakdown of different cost estimates for different dimensions for the standard or premium tier. It's very important to keep an eye on the pricing for the services you are going to use for Azure and especially when you are going to have a variable cost that's depending on how much data transfer in and out are going through your service because it's going to change the monthly bill for your usage a lot. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.