Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about how the Web application firewall works. In the previous video, we have created a Web policy and we associated it with our Azure front door. And by having WAF in our architecture, it's going to defend our web application and our web services against common attacks. But someone might be asking where the wife lives, where the wife is deployed. We already know that Azure Front Door is a global service and we are going to end up having Azure front door instances in all edge locations for Microsoft Azure Networks. Where exactly the WAF is going to be deployed exactly at the edge location. So we are trying to add additional layer of security, which is our WAF here, and we are placing it closer to the attack source, closer to the attacker to prevent the incoming attacks before it reaches to your network or to your systems, which is going to ensure you have a secure solution, scalable at scale. And also it's not going to compromise performance because it happens at the edge location. And this actually reminds me with one of the cloud design patterns. We have talked about it before, like the gatekeeper pattern, which is simply adding additional layer of security to protect your systems against potential attacks. I'm probably I'm going to put a link for the Gatekeeper video for you to review if you are interested. Now let's get back to the WAF policy. As you can see here, it has a set of rules, managed rules and custom rules. Managed rules, as the name suggests, it's managed completely by Microsoft Azure. And for the custom rules, you can go ahead and create custom rules by yourself. And in case if you had both rules in place like you had already managed rules and you have created some custom rules, in this case, the custom rules are going to be processed and evaluated before the managed rules, because usually when you create a custom rule, it means you want to create some sort of exception for something that's been already implemented in the managed rule. And we are going to talk about these managed rules and custom rules in more details in a separate video. Now, switching the firewall mode from detection to prevention. It used to be in the policy settings, but somehow Azure moved it to the overview here. So from here you should be able to switch your firewall mode from prevention to detection or the other way around. So what is the difference when you set your firewall mode to be a detection, Your firewall will not block any traffic, but it's going to log it to the log analytics workspace that we have specified before. It's going to be a really good practice to set your firewall in a detection mode, in a development environment, so you'd be able to see how the firewall deals with different requests coming through your firewall. However, for a production or testing environment, it's really recommended to set your firewall up in prevention mode. Now let's go and have a quick look at the managed rules. And as you can see here, we can select the default rule set for our firewall. And in this case, we have selected rule set 1.0. And also you can add additional rule sets. I'm going to go ahead and add both rule sets. Which is going to add a managed bot protection rule set to protect my firewall from potential bot attacks. All right, now my bot rule set has been added, so let's scroll all the way down and have a quick look. So we have three categories of bots bad bots, good bots or unknown bots. The bad bots are the bots coming from a malicious IP addresses and they are identified from Microsoft Threat Intelligence Feed and it gets updated every hour. You don't really need to worry about it because Microsoft manages it for us. Also, we have a good bots like verified search engines or search crawlers and we have set of unknown bots as well. This is all I have for you in this video. It was a quick walk through inside our web application firewall and in the next few videos we are going to dive deep into the managed rules and the custom rules and how they work together. Also, we are going to have a look at the log analytics workspace logs. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.