Hi, everyone. In this video, we are going to go ahead and create a Web application firewall policy and associated to our Azure front door. Also, we are going to enable the logging and monitoring on our Azure front door so we'll be able to see the different firewall logs in the log analytics. So let's get started by creating a web application firewall policy, and we have done it before. Let's go ahead and create one. Let's select policy for my front door and I'm going to put it in Australia East Resource Group and I'm going to call it WAF for front Door. Australia is treason and I'm going to leave it as a detection mode. Probably I'm going to leave everything to the default values. As of now, the only thing I'm going to do in the association, I'm going to associate it to my front door. Now let's go ahead and create my WAF policy. And while it's been created, I'm going to go back to my Azure front door and enable the diagnostic settings or create a new diagnostic settings. So you'll be able to see the different logs that are coming through my Azure front door. So let's add the diagnostic settings. I'm going to select all logs. If you can notice here, there are two types of logs front door access logs or web application firewall access logs. And as you can imagine, the Web application firewall logs are related to the policy that we have just associated to our Azure front door. And I'm going to select all metrics as well, and I'm going to send all of the data to a log analytics workspace, but I don't have any. So I'm going to go ahead and create a log analytics workspace. I'm going to call it. I'm going to put it in Australia East Resource Group. I'm going to call it Log Analytics front door. And I'm gonna host it in Australia East region. I'm going to go ahead and create my log analytics workspace. All right. Now, my log analytics workspace has been created. I'm going to go back to my Azure front door and probably I need to refresh this page. Adding a new diagnostic settings, selecting all logs and metrics, and sending all of them to my log analytics workspace that I just created. I'm going to call my diagnostic settings name to be my settings, and then I'm going to go ahead and save my changes. All right. So my changes have been saved. Looking at the policy has been already deployed and the log analytics workspace as well. That's all I have for you in this video. It was a quick one to show you. How can we set up the Web application firewall for the Azure front door and also how we set up the monitoring and logs for the Web application firewall. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.