Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to dive deep into the managed rules of our web application firewall. As we said before, the Web application firewall has a set of managed rule sets that are managed already for you by Azure. And they are compliant with the Owasp best practices. So these rule sets covering the protocol attacks, local file inclusions, remote file inclusions. Remote command executions. PCP Injection Attacks. Cross-Site Scripting. SQL injection attacks. Which is very common. And session fixation on Java attacks. In addition to the other bot attacks that we have added in the previous videos, I'm not going to jump into the details of each of these rules. It's not going to be the purpose of this course. And I don't want to go sideways from our focus, which is front door and the Web application firewall. So what we can do with these different rule sets, you can select a specific rule set and if it doesn't work for your situation, then you can go ahead and disable it, which means that the firewall is not going to apply this rule for the incoming traffic. If you are going to do this, if you are going to disable a certain rule from being executed at your firewall, you need to have a very good reason for doing this. Like you should be able to explain why you had to disable this specific rule and how this affects the incoming traffic to getting through the firewall. Anyways. As you can see here, the action for this rule is block. However, you are able to change the action for this rule. Maybe you want to allow a specific rule to get through the firewall instead of just disabling it. Or maybe you just want to log that event or maybe redirected to another URL. But keep in mind, if you are going to allow a specific rule set to be able to get through your firewall, this is going to be applied to all incoming requests that the firewall identifies under this rule set. So you need to be very careful about that. However, as I said before, if you are going to disable or change the action of a specific role, you need to be very clear Why are you doing this? Now I'm going to show you a different way to manage the exceptions through your default rule set. Like what? If you want to keep this rule enabled and you don't want to change its action? So you want to keep this rule. At your firewall to block any potential attacks. At the same time, you want to allow some exceptions to allow the genuine traffic coming from a genuine sources to get through the firewall. How you are able to do this? You should be able to do this by using the managed exclusions. So let's go ahead and see how can we do this? By managing exclusions. You can go ahead and add a new exception. And in here you get to specify the rule set and the rule group. And in this case, I'm going to specify the SQL injection. And then here for the rule, let's go ahead with the injection attack. And then in here, I'm going to specify the match criteria, maybe request header name. It's going to start with SQL Equal. Rescue and let's go ahead and save it. All right. Now we have created an exception for our managed rule. And what this is going to do is going to tell my firewall to allow incoming requests that has this criteria that we have created to get through the firewall, even though the firewall could identify it as a potential attack. But because we have created an exception in here and the incoming request matches the exception, the firewall is going to allow the request to get through. We have done this by keeping our rule enabled. So our rule is going to be effective to block other potential attacks. And while we are here, let's see the different rule sets you can assign to your firewall, like you can choose from different rule sets or you can go for none. And I couldn't think for any reason. Why do you want to go with no rule sets anyways? Also, for the additional rule set, you can specify an additional rule set for both protections. This is all I have for you in the managed rule sets for the web application firewall. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.