Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the custom rules we can define in our web application firewall. So let's go ahead and create a new custom rule. And I'm going to call it location rule. It's going to be enabled matching a condition. And the priority here is key because the custom rules are going to be executed in order. And the lowest the number, the higher the priority and the custom rules are going to take place before the default rules or managed rules, if you remember. So I'm going to specify my rule based on a geolocation. If the traffic is coming from Australia, then my wife is going to block it. Also, I'm able to add another rule location too. For example, I'm going to specify a priority to let's try to specify the same priority to see if it's possible. Now, as you can see, it's not possible. Each custom rule priority has to be unique in your firewall. So I'm going to go with priority two, but this time I'm going to specify a Cidr range. Maybe you started to receive a malicious attack from a specific IP address and you want to block receiving any more requests from the IP coming from this range. So you can do this by specifying the Cidr range to block these attacks at the firewall. And let's go ahead and add that also we can add another rule. Based on the size of the query string parameter, or maybe on a request you or I or other request header or any of these attributes. If the size is greater than 100 characters, then we are going to deny the traffic and block it at the firewall. And for this rule, I'm going to call it size rule. And let's go ahead and add it. Also, I need to specify a priority, so I'm going to go for three. Now let's add one more rule. For the string. It could be applied to any of these parameters. Again, maybe when the request header equals customer and it contains x, y, z. Then I'm going to block it. I'm going to specify a priority for for the header role. Now I'm going to go ahead and add it. So I'm going to add one more role for the rate limit role. And for this role I'm going to go by specifying a rate limit instead of match. And let's go with priority five. So the limit duration is going to be over one minute and the threshold I'm going to specify it 1000. And if I started to get more than 1000 requests over one minute and these requests are coming from Austria, for example, then I'm going to deny and block this traffic. Also, you can go ahead and enable or disable a specific role for your web application firewall. I think that's all I have for you for the custom roles. Also, it's very important to remember that the custom roles take place before the managed roles for your web application firewall and for the custom roles they are going to be processed according to the priority you have specified for your custom rules. The lower the number, the higher the priority. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.