Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the Web application firewall settings and we have talked about it briefly in the previous videos. So for your web, you can go ahead and disable it and enable it back again. Also, there are two modes detection mode and you will be able to switch it to prevention mode from here. And also I said the difference between detection mode and prevention mode. Detection mode. It will not block any traffic. However, it's going to log it in the log analytics workspace. But the prevention mode, it's going to block that traffic if there is any potential attack in the incoming requests. Now let's go to the policy settings and have a look. As you can see here, you will be able to redirect all blocked traffic to a specific URL. Also, you can respond with a specific response code. So let's go ahead and see what are the options. So these are the available response codes that you can use in your web application firewall response when your WAF blocks a specific request. Also, you can specify a custom message as well to be sent in the response body. Now, let's go ahead and bring this back to 403, which was the default. While we are here, let's go to the associations. And if you remember, you can associate a single WAF policy to multiple Azure front doors. However, for the Azure front door, it can be only associated to one WAF policy at a time. And if you remember, I have mentioned that when you set your firewall in a detection mode, then the firewall is not going to block any traffic. However, it's going to log it in the log analytics workspace. So now I'm going to show you how can you see it. So let's go back to my Azure front door and browse to the logs. And in here you will be able to see the firewall audit queries that you can go ahead and run them. So let's go ahead and run this query. And of course, it won't return us any data back because I didn't have any blocked traffic. As you can see here, if I run this query over the last seven days, I wouldn't get any data back. But the main thing I want you to notice here that we have configured our query to look for the logs that are coming for category front door web application Firewall log. This is where my web application firewall is going to place all the logs related to the firewall for my Azure front door. This is all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.