Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about front door metrics and there are many metrics you can get a lot of information about the Azure front door and the health status of your back end targets. So the first metric we have here is the back end health percentage. And this shows you the health percentage of your back end targets. And if I'm going to expand the time range to be over the last 30 days, we are going to see the health percentage of my back end targets. You can see that they are not 100% all the time because I am stopping my web apps or app services when I am not using them. Now, the other metric we have here is the back end request count. And as you can see, we got 400 requests to the back end over the last 30 days. However, if I'm going to look at another metric, which is the request count, we will see that eight hundredths, which is interesting. So my Azure front door received 800 requests over the last 30 days, but. The backend request count was only four hundreds. And this happened when the app services has been stopped or the configurations wasn't routing the requests properly to the backend targets. Also, other metric I want you to be aware of is the backend request latency. So this is how much time it took from the backend to get a response through to the front door and then to the client. And as you can see here, if I made it to the maximum, you will be able to see it took around four seconds to get a response. This is the maximum, right? And if I'm going to put it next to another metric, which is the total latency. So this is going to help me to understand where the latency is coming from, whether the latency is coming from the backend targets or the latency is coming from the front door and the web application firewall. And as you can see in this graph here, the latency is coming from the backend targets. Now the other metric I want you to look at is the billable response size. This shows you you are going to pay for your responses. And if you look at the description here, it will make more sense. Also, it's a good if you look at the request size, response size metrics to understand how much data your front door is receiving or responding to your clients. And finally here you will be able to see the web request counts over a certain period. However, I'm not getting any because I didn't send any more requests after I have configured my wife on my Azure front door. These are the key metrics or probably all metrics you could play around for your Azure front door. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.