Okay, so let's have a look at EBS snapshots in detail. So we have a volume of two gigabytes and I can do Action and then Create snapshot. And this will go ahead and create a snapshot directly from my volume. And as you can see, if my main volume is not encrypted, then my snapshots will not be encrypted as well. So let's create the snapshots. And now if you go to the Snapshots page, we can see the snapshot being created. So when you look at a snapshot, you have multiple things you can look at, but the first thing you can look at is the fact that if you do action, we can create a volume back from the snapshot. So we can create another gp2 gb2 volume of two gigabits and we can actual bytes and we can change the availability zone if you wanted to. So my main volume was in eu-west-1a. But thanks to the Restore Snapchat option, I can move my volume to eu-west-1b. On top of it, we can enable encryption for this volume if you wanted to encrypt our EBS volume, the new one with a KMS key but I'll leave it unchecked for now. So let's create this volume. And now if we go back to our volumes page, we have two volumes. One of them was created from a snapshot. Now if you look at a snapshot space as well, we can copy the snapshots. And when you copy a snapshot, you can copy it into the same region or a different region for disaster recovery purposes. And on top of it, when we copy the snapshots, we can encrypt it with a KMS key if we wanted to. And then any volumes created from the snapshots would of course be encrypted as well. Okay, so this is a good option. Next, we can see the other things. So let's look at something called the fast snapshot restore. So we can Manage fast snapshot restore. And this is a setting you enable per snapshots and you have to say whether or not you want it to be enabled in the specific AZs. And when you enable fast snapshot restore, you're going to pay a lot of money. Okay, so I don't suggest you click Enable because it says it gives you a little warning. It says it costs you per hour $0.75. So the idea is that when you want to restore a huge volume, then instead of mounting it and then reading all the blocks, you can enable fast snapshot restore. AWS will warm up the volume for you then you mount the volume and then you're good to go. But here, we don't need to enable it of course because it makes no sense. We have a two gigabytes volume. Next, we can look at storage tiers. So if you look at storage tiers right here, as you can see, my storage tier is currently standard. So that means that the storage tier is standard, but I can actually move the storage tier so we can archive the snapshots. And when you archive a snapshot, it's going to be in the archived tier which is costing you less money, okay? But if you do so, then it's going to take a little bit of time to restore from the snapshot. So you save on costs, but then if you wanna restore from snapshot, it will take longer. So you could go ahead and archive the snapshot and use change the actual storage tier. So let's do it right now. We do archive snapshots. And as you can see, the snapshot is being archived. And if I go back here, so it took a little bit of time but now my snapshot is in the archive storage. And so I'm going just go ahead and recreate a snapshot real quick. So I have a snapshot in the normal tier as well. Okay, so we have two snapshots now. One is standard, one archive. The other thing I want you to look at is the Lifecycle Manager. So Lifecycle Manager allows you to create an EBS snapshot policy and we can say what's going to happen. So we can target either volumes or instances. And then we need to enter tax. For example, we need to enter environment. And then the value would be Prod to only do snapshots of our prod volumes. So if we do so, we have to go back into the EC2 volumes page and go, for example, to this volume and say that the tag of this volume we're going to manage it, add it, and say well for this one, the environment is prod and save it. And so now thanks to this tag policy, only the volumes that have been marked with these tags are going to be archived. So we have this target resources, okay? And then we can say Demo Policy, an IAM role that will perform these snapshots. So we'll use the default role and it will be created if it doesn't exist. And then whether or not you want to enable the policy. So enable or not enabled. So we can enable it. And then we have to add schedule. So actually just to save on cost, I'm not going to enable it but we can still go ahead with the setup. So then we can configure a schedule. So how often do you want this policy to happen? And currently we can create up to four schedules. So this one and then another three. But we'll just have one schedule. And we'll say, okay, Daily, every 12 hours starting at 9:00 AM then do a snapshot. And I want you to keep 10 snapshots. So the idea is that saying, okay, we're going to snapshot, snapshot, snapshot, but by the way only keep 10 snapshots at a time. And then you can have some additional advanced settings, okay? So we can have some tagging on these. We can actually enable fast snapshot restore for the snapshots created by the schedule. But this is really not recommended. It's going to be very expensive. We can have cross region copy. So we can copy the snapshots up to three additional regions. And this is really good for disaster recovery. And you have your own settings for these snapshots as well. As well as cross account sharing whether or not you want to share these snapshots with other accounts. So it's a very comprehensive way of managing your backup policy for EBS volumes. And then it's created. And then it's gonna be if enabled is going to snapshot to snapshot your volumes regularly. So it's a quite a powerful feature and well you should know. And the last feature I want to show you is the recycle bin. So before when you took a snapshot and you deleted it, then it was gone forever, right? But what you can do is actually put it in the recycle bin. So this prevents against additional accidental deletes. And so for this, we need to create what's called a retention rule. And I created a demo retention rule but we can create another one. So Demo2RetentionRule, and then we apply this rule to specific resource types. So we have EBS snapshots or Amazon Machine Image. So I'll apply to EBS snapshots and I will apply to all resources. Or if I uncheck this, I can use resource tags to find specific snapshots. So I'll apply to all resources and then we specify the retention period, so from one day up to one year. So we can do for example, seven days. That's perfect. And then the rule lock setting. So this is a setting which allows you to prevent this specific rule from being deleted in case you don't want to be attacked or have accidents. So you can unlock it, which that means that this rule can be modified at any point by anyone or you can lock it and say that this rule will be locked for a specific delay period and no one can change it. And this is a lock that allows you to get more safety around this rule. So we'll leave this unlocked and then we'll click on Create retention rule. So we just create this retention rule and now we have, as you'll see, two retention rules because it's the second one I create, okay? And then what's going to happen is that if you do delete a snapshot, so let me delete this retention right here because we don't actually need it. I already have one, okay? But if we do delete a snapshot, so let's go ahead and take for example, take this one and delete it. It's gone. We can go into the Resources. And as you can see, well one of these snapshots, okay, was put into the recycle bin thanks to my recycle bin rule. And so that means that it entered right now and it's going to leave in one day, because this is what my other rule was set up to do. And what I can do from this is actually recover my snapshots. And so as you can see right here, it doesn't exist, right? But then I recover it, and all of a sudden the snapshot has reappeared thanks to the recycle bin recovering. Okay, so I think that's all the features you need to know for EBS snapshots quite a lot, but it's quite good to know them as a SysOps. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.