Let's delve into the world of resource management with SageMaker, making sure that you're using just the right amount of computing power for your given algorithms. So when it comes to choosing an instance type for a given machine learning problem, we talked about this a lot back in the modeling section because it kind of made sense to cover it all together for each individual algorithm there. Technically though, that is an operations concern. But because we spent so much time on that under modeling, that's why this particular operations section of the course is kind of short. We've already talked about a lot of it already. However, there are some general tips and tricks here that you can apply. Generally speaking, if you have an algorithm that relies on deep learning, that will pretty much always benefit from GPU instance types. And these days that would either be a P3 or most likely a G4, an instance type for training purposes. However, inference is usually less demanding, and you can often get away with something a little bit more lightweight there and cheaper, like a compute instance or a C5. Is the the going one. Right now these days, and sometimes the general purpose ones, like an M5, are a good fit for training. If you have an algorithm that is not a deep learning instance, right? So if you have some algorithm that cannot be accelerated on a GPU, usually you're going to be going toward a M5 or something like that. GPU instances can be really pricey, so only use them when they make sense. However, it still might be more cost effective to have a single machine with multiple GPUs than many CPU instances that could do the same amount of work. So even though an individual GPU instance may cost more, you're going to get more mileage out of it. Let's also talk about managed spot training. One cool thing you can do to reduce your costs is using EC2 spot instances for your training, and this can actually save up to 90% over using on demand instances. So if you really care about saving money and you have a very large and expensive training job, maybe you're a training a machine translation model, for example, that can be a very expensive thing to do. You could use spot instances to do that training and save a lot of money potentially. The catch, of course there is a catch is that your spot instances can be interrupted at any time, so you need to make sure you're using checkpoints to S3 so that your training can pick up where it left off in case you're training. Instances are in fact interrupted in that case. So that does make things a little bit more complicated, but it can save a lot of money. So it could be time well spent for particularly involved training jobs. And also this can come at the cost of increasing your training time as well. So if you need to wait for a spot instance to become available and that could be a very long wait, right? You have to sit around and wait for that resource to become available before your training can actually commence. But if what you care about the most is saving money, this can be a way to save a lot of money at the expense of using a little bit more complexity and setting up S3 checkpoints, and at the expense of time, because you have to wait for those resources for those spot instances to become available. Aethes.