Taking automatic scaling to the next level, we have serverless inference. Another new feature in SageMaker as of 2022, sort of the trend in AWS is to go serverless wherever possible, it seems, and this is yet another step in that direction. So the idea here is you just specify your container that container's memory requirements and its concurrency requirements, and you let AWS worry about the actual amount of hardware you need to make that happen. So the underlying capacity for your inference is automatically provisioned and scaled. And this is great if you don't really know what your traffic's going to be. So if you have infrequent traffic to your inference model or unpredictable traffic, you can count on this to automatically scale your capacity down to zero when there's no requests coming in for actually doing inference requests, which is cool, right? So they just charge you based on usage. You know, the more traffic is, the more traffic you get, the more you'll pay automatically, and the least traffic you get, the less you'll pay. So it's a great way of optimizing your costs as well. It lets you monitor it through CloudWatch So there are a few, uh, metrics of note there. A model setup time will tell you how long it actually took to deploy your new inference models there, as it was being automatically scaled up or down. And you can also take a look at the invocations and the invocations that had errors in them and the memory utilization over time. So you can see if your requirements about the memory requirements for the containers and for concurrency were accurate or not. That's one way you can mess this up. But assuming that you give serverless inference good information about your containers and how they perform, it will automatically add and remove instances under the hood to handle the traffic that you're throwing at it. So pretty cool. New feature in Amazon SageMaker serverless inference. Another new feature is Amazon SageMaker Inference Recommender. So if you do want to go and deploy your own inference instance types, this will at least give you some guidance on what types to use. So don't think of it as a recommender system. The terminology here is a little bit confusing. It's actually just recommending what instance types to use and what configuration to use for your models on serving that to the public. So it will automate your load testing and your model tuning for you, and you can have it deploy automatically to an optimal inference endpoint type just by the results of those tests. The way it works, you just register your SageMaker model to the model registry. It will then benchmark different endpoint configurations against it. So we'll try a bunch of different stuff and see what works. It will allow you to collect and visualize those metrics, and let you decide on what instance types work best for your model. So you can see here on the right a little example of the output of that. For here we're getting back a specific set of recommendations for a ML C5 Xlarge instance type. And you can see what the cost per hour was, the cost per inference, and the latency. So you can decide what's important to you and optimize for cost or latency or what have you. So there's a couple of different modes that can run in. One is instance recommendations, where it just runs those load tests on the recommended instance types. And that takes about 45 minutes. So if you want a quick answer for what might be the best instance type for you, that's the way to go You can also do custom load tests. They call that endpoint recommendations. Foundations, and in that case, you explicitly specify the instance types that you want to test, the traffic patterns that you expect and your requirements for latency and throughput. And that takes longer. That takes about two hours. So if you want more specific results that are tailored to your specific SLAs, that might be a more efficient way of getting there, as opposed to just looking at the the results on a whole variety of instance types through instance recommendations and trying to make sense of that yourself. So two different modes there, instance recommendations and endpoint recommendations. The way to remember the endpoint recommendations are the customized load test, where you're giving it specific requirements that it needs to adhere to. But that's SageMaker inference Recommender, basically a tool for deciding what kind of instance types to use for your inference endpoints and yet another way of doing it right. So we've seen inference recommender for setting it up by hand. We've seen serverless inference if you don't want to think about it at all. And also automatic scaling sort of in between there. So different ways of handling deploying capacity for your inference endpoints.