The next service you need to know at a high level is AWS batch eight. AWS batch allows you to run batch jobs that its name indicates, and they're based on Docker images. And so with AWS batch you don't provision the instance. There is a dynamic provisioning of the instances for you, whether it's an EC2 instance or a spot instance. And batch figures out the optimal quantity and the type of these instances based on the volume of jobs it has to do and the requirements. So you don't need to manage any clusters. It's a fully serverless service, just like glue, you just pay for the underlying EC2 instances that are created by batch itself. So you can schedule batch jobs using CloudWatch events to allow you to maybe run on a schedule. Or you can orchestrate batch jobs using step functions. And we'll see this in the next lecture. But so a question you may have again is what is the difference between batch and glue. So glue again just to go over it one more time. It's Apache spark code Scala or Python only. And it's focused on the ETL. And you don't worry about configuring managing resources and you have the data catalog. Now for batch it is a bit different. It's for any computing job regardless of the job okay. It's not just for ETL, it's for anything that is batch oriented. So as long as you have a Docker image that works for batch, you can do it in batch. So for example, a job that may be good for batch would be a cleanup task in an S3 bucket. So you run a script on an S3 bucket to clean it up. And you run this as a batch job every so often. Whereas in glue it's really about taking data, transforming it, and then placing it somewhere else. So the resources are created in your account and they're managed by batch. So you're using EC2 instances within your account. So you have access to all the stuff within your account. And so if you have an ETL means you actually need to transform some data. Glue is probably going to be a better choice. But if you have non ETL related work but it is still batch oriented, then AWS batch will be better. So that's it just for this service. Hope that was helpful and I will see you in the next lecture.