Somewhat surprisingly, the exam guide calls out git as something you need to know about git, being, of course, a version control system that's quite popular these days. It's kind of taken over. So again, I'm not going to give you the, uh, in depth beginner version of git here. If you've never used git before, then you might want to go off and find a whole course on that somewhere. There's plenty of good ones out there. This is just meant to be a quick review of the stuff that the exam might expect you to know. So architecturally, here's a little reminder of how git works. So we can have remote repositories and also local repositories, right? A remote repository would be on GitHub, for example, something that's on a server somewhere locally though I want to develop on certain files and, you know, mess around and do developer stuff. Right. So I could use git pull to suck things down to a local repository into my working set. I might use a clone to actually create a copy of that first, and I might use branches to actually have different branches that are devoted to specific new features I might be developing, or a specific bug that I'm trying to fix by using my own branch locally. That means I can work on those fixes independently from everybody else. And the whole idea of git is to allow many developers to work on stuff at the same time together, without messing each other up as much as possible. When I do have my changes, if I want to add a file in, I can just use the add command to my staging area, commit that back into my branch, and then push that back to the remote repository when I'm ready. Also, I can merge stuff in from another branch into my working files if I want to keep it up to date with what's happening in the main branch or something like that. Right. So let's go into some common git commands that you might be asked about. Let's just do a little roll call of what they all are. So for setting up a repository you can say git init to initialize a new one from scratch. If I want to set up my username and email and stuff, git config is the command for that. Some basic commands that you use pretty often. Git clone will clone or download a repository from a given URL. So if you want to clone a remote repository locally. Git clone is the first thing you're going to do a git status a way of checking what changes you've made in your working directory so far. So if you want to know what you've changed and kind of remind yourself of what you've done, that's one way of doing it. Git add is how you add a change to a file to the staging area. And you can also say git add star is sort of a wildcard to add all of your changes to the staging area so far. Once you're ready to commit those changes, you can say git commit M with whatever your message is and git log will view your logs of previous commits branches. Again, a way of working on things in parallel. The idea here is you might have a branch for a specific feature being developed, or some bug you're trying to fix, whatever it might be. If I want a list of all the branches that I have locally that I can switch between, git branch will list them all. If I want to create a new branch, I could just say git branch and whatever I want that branch to be named git checkout will switch you to the given branch that you want to work on. Right. So uh, and specifically dash B can be used to both create a new branch and switch to it at the same time. If you want to make a new one. Merge is how you merge one branch to the current branch. So if I want to pick up changes in some other branch, like the main branch, and make sure that's incorporated into what I'm working from. Git merge will do that for you. Also, git branch dash d is used to delete a branch once you're done with it. When working with remote repositories, you could say git remote add name and then the URL for it that will add a remote repository to a server somewhere. Git remote will list all of the remote repositories that you've been working with, and git push can be used to push your local branch to that remote repository. So once you're done committing all of your changes locally, you might push that back to the remote repository so everybody else can get access to those changes as well. Git pull, on the other hand, is used to pull changes from the remote repository branch into your current local branch, whatever that might be. If you need to undo something, git reset will reset your staging area to match the most recent commit without affecting your working directory. You can also add dash dash hard on that to reset the staging area and the working directory to match the most recent commit. Git revert is used to undo all of the changes from a previous commit. If you changed your mind, you cause some bug and didn't mean to, right? And finally, well, not finally, but we're getting we're getting there some advanced commands. Git stash is used to temporarily stash away a change that you're not ready to commit yet, right? So often I find myself using this. If there's some temporary file that, uh, is getting picked up, that shouldn't be. And I don't really want to commit that. You can use stash to kind of hide that away during the commit. And git stash pop can be used to restore what you stashed earlier. So let's say I want to stash away some temporary file, and I want to get it back when I'm done committing. I could git stash it away and then git stash pop when I'm done to restore that back. Git rebase is used to reapply changes from one branch onto another, so that's used to integrate changes from one branch into another. Sometimes if you want to go between branches that way and git cherry pick, I've never used that one myself. But um, that is for applying changes from a specific commit to the current branch. Also, you can do git blame to see a history of all the changes made to a given file and when. If you want to figure out why a change was made and who did it. Git diff can be used to see exactly what has changed between your commits, so you have a good idea of what you're checking in. First, get fetch is used to fetch changes from a remote repository without merging them, and git maintenance and data recovery. Got to wrap up with this one. Really doubt the exam's going to ask you about this, but just for completeness, get Fsoc is used to fix file system errors. Basically with your repositories, get GC cleans up and optimizes your local repository garbage collection. Git reflog will record when refs were updated in the in the local repository. So if you need to recover a lost commit, that might be one way of tracking it down. And that is git in a very, very short, small nutshell. Again, if you need more depth, there are whole courses about git, but these should just be a review of the basics that you might need for the exam.