Let's do a high level overview of AWS step functions, very similar to data pipelines and concept here. Basically, it's a purpose in life is to let you design workflows throughout AWS. So as you're building a system to analyze your data and pre-process that data, step functions might be what connects all those steps together to create a larger system. It also lets you visualize these workflows very easily, as we'll see shortly. It generates these nice little graphs that show you the order that things actually execute within. And it also has an advanced error handling mechanism and a retry mechanism that lives outside of the code that you're actually running within your AWS step function. So that's a good utility for being able to manage portions of your workflow that don't work. You know, you don't have to rely on the code of each step actually being able to monitor itself. AWS Step Functions can take a look at it from the outside and deal with errors when things don't do what they're supposed to do. It also maintains an audit history of all the workflows that have run, so you can go back and see what happened historically if you need to troubleshoot something, it allows you to wait an arbitrary amount of time between steps. So if you just want to place some time in between these steps and, you know, sync up with some business workflow that you have, you can do that. And the maximum execution time of a given state machine that's a given workflow is one year. So you can actually define a workflow that spans an entire year if you want to. Can't imagine a situation where you need to do that, but if you need to, it can handle very long lived processes and workflows. The syntax of how it all works really is not important. They're defined using the JSON based Amazon States language or ASL. The exam will not expect you to be able to parse or write this kind of code, or know ASL. You just need to know what it does. So as long as you know what step functions are for and some examples of what you might use it for, that's what's important for the exam. So we're going to go through a few examples of how you might use step functions in the real world. Here's an example of using it to train a machine learning model. So you can see that when we start we generate the data set. In this example, it's doing that by kicking off a Lambda function. It then trains the model using SageMaker XGBoost algorithm. And when it's done, it saves that trained model from SageMaker and applies a batch transform to that model from some data set that we had at that point. It's done. So you can see here we've, uh, automated the entire process of generating our data training a machine learning model, using that data, saving that trained model, and then applying data to that trained model all in one set of steps here that are managed through step functions. We can also use it to tune a machine learning model. So in this example we're generating a training data set. And then we're going to kick off a hyperparameter tuning job in SageMaker that just tries different parameters on the machine learning model to figure out what the right set of parameters are for this given data set. When it's done, it extracts that model path, and then it saves the tuned model that it settled on. We extract the model name of the tune model and then use that to apply a transformation of a bunch of data in a batch format to that tuned model automatically. So again, just an example of what you might use step functions for. It's not important for the exam to understand how machine learning works, but it is important to know that step functions can automate the process of generating your data set and feeding it into a machine learning model. You can also use it, for example, to manage a batch job. So in this example we're submitting a batch job. And then we're just going to use step functions to notify us if it succeeds or fails. Very simple. So step functions don't have to be complicated. They can just be used to monitor a single job and use those features that it has to actually monitor and alert us when something succeeds or fails from a given step. So sometimes step functions just have one step. And that's really all the depth you need for AWS step functions. You just need to know that they manage workflows and they give you a nice graphical representation of those workflows. And they can monitor whether individual steps succeed or fail and notify you based on what happens there.