Apache airflow is a popular workflow management solution, and Amazon has support for that as well in the form of Amazon managed workflows for Apache Airflow. It's basically a managed hosted environment for Apache Airflow. Apache airflow is a batch oriented workflow tool, and it can develop, schedule, and monitor your workflows and control the flow of your data and your data engineering pipeline. The thing is, though, you define them using Python code, so it's not going to be using some drag and drop graphical user interface. To define these workflows, you have to actually write Python code to set them up. And what that Python code needs to do is create what's called a directed acyclic graph or a Dag, a dag for short. Kind of the same way that Apache Spark works, right? What Amazon Noir brings to the table is a managed service for Apache Airflow, so you still have to write the code for it and figure out how it gets configured. But you don't have to deal with maintaining or installing the service itself. So it's just a way to run airflow a little bit more easily. So if you do have a more complex workflow or you need to do some sort of complex coordination with ETL or maybe preparing machine learning data, this might be something you want to do in Python and Apache Airflow could be a good fit for that. Here's a very simple example of it. So let's say for example, here we're creating a couple of tasks. One is called hello, which is just calling out to the bash operator to run on the bash console echo hello. And then we have another thing called airflow, which is just a function that just prints the word airflow. We then set a dependency between those two tasks. We say hello carrot, carrot airflow. And that creates that dependency in Python. And then once we do that, airflow will not only make sure that that does what it needs to do on whatever schedule you want. It can also create a pretty little visualization of that workflow as well, which you see in that diagram. Here you see down at the bottom we have hello. That points to airflow is the next step. And surrounding that you can see all the information about how often it's run, what its schedule is, things like that. So it has this nice little web interface you can use to visualize what it's doing and to control the scheduling, but the actual directed acyclic graphs of what it actually does is something you have to write Python code for. Now remember the exam will never ask you to write code, so don't get too hung up on the syntax here. You just have to understand you create DAGs with Python using airflow. So how does this integrate with Amazon. So your directed acyclic graphs the Python code that actually creates these workflows get uploaded into S3, and then that gets loaded into Amazon managed workflows for Apache Airflow, where airflow takes it from there. You can also zip that Python code together with any required plugins or other dependencies that code might might have, so it all stays self-contained within S3. Once noir picks it up, it will orchestrate that and schedule everything that you need that's defined by each directed acyclic graph. It's hard to say. Moi runs within a VPC. You should have it deployed to at least two availability zones for redundancy purposes. You can also hook it up to both private and public endpoints that are managed via IAM. And this is going to control the access to the airflow web server. Remember that scene we saw in the previous slide, where you have that nice little UI for visualizing these workflows and scheduling them? If you want access to that outside of your VPC, you'll need a public endpoint to do that. It automatically scales. So under the hood there are airflow workers making it all happen. The nice thing about Moi is that it will automatically scale those up up to any limits you might define to control costs. Integrating this with other services. So Moi just relies on open source integrations to other Amazon services. But there's a lot of them out there. So you can tie moi into Athena and AWS. Batch CloudWatch DynamoDB, Datasync, EMR, Fargate, ECS, Kinesis Glue, Lambda, redshift, SQS, SNS, SageMaker S3, and more. And obviously all the security services you might need to access those services like AWS Secrets Manager. The schedulers and workers themselves are implemented within AWS Fargate containers. And here's a little quick peek at the underlying architecture here. Basically, there are two VPCs under the hood with moi. There's a customer VPC that contains all the schedulers and workers, and those are talking out to the services that you're working with from those DAGs. So that can go out and talk to CloudWatch, S3, SQS, whatever you need. And then through VPC endpoints, it's also communicating with a metadata database, restoring those workflows and also the airflow web server which is your user interface for visualizing and scheduling these workflows. So again, if you don't have a public network interface, there's no way to access that web server from the outside. But if you are within that service VPC, you can still get it from there. A3.