Let's talk about AWS Lake Formation, a relatively new feature. It was announced back in 2018 and really saw a lot of refinement over 2020, and we're just now starting to see it show up in the exam. Lake formation is built on top of glue, and it's really meant as a system for making it easier to set up a secure data lake. Their tagline is it makes it easy to set up a secure data lake in days, which I guess is pretty quick. The things that it manages for you is loading your data from an external source and monitoring those data flows, so it allows you to connect to your existing data sources, whether they're already in S3 or in some on premises database. It can set up partitions for you. It can help you manage encryption and manage the keys surrounding that. And it can let you set up the transformations associated with that data from the get go. Again, it's built on top of glue, so pretty much anything glue, ETL, or any of the glue features can do is available to you. If spark can do it, then Lake Formation can do it too. It's just using glue under the hood to apply those transformations, and that includes transforming it into a new format, like a columnar format like parquet or Orc. That's on the table cleaning your data, you know, getting rid of missing rows, whatever you want to do. Anything that we've talked about with glue you can do with lake formation. It can also help you manage the access control to the data in your data lake. It can help with auditing, and really it's purpose in life is to kind of guide you through the process of building your data lake in a secure fashion. So let's talk about it from a more conceptual standpoint here. Basically, you have a big S3 data lake sitting there when you're done, right. So lake formation is going to sit alongside that S3 data lake, help you create it, help you maintain it going forward so it can take as a data source anything in S3 from some relational database that you might have sitting around, or even NoSQL data sources. And those can be on premises as well. It doesn't have to be in AWS yet. So again, the purpose of lake formation is to help you set up that data lake, and that data might be coming from someplace else within lake formation. You can set up all the crawlers and ETL jobs and data catalogs and security and access control. Any data cleaning or transformations, including to parquet or ORC. Again, basically anything glue can do, you can set up as part of lake formation, and once you have a lake formation set up, it can then integrate with Athena or Redshift easily or redshift spectrum. So Athena and Redshift can then query that data automatically if you have it all registered in lake formation. And a relatively new feature in 2020 is EMR can also talk to lake formation directly as well. Pricing Lake formation itself doesn't cost anything, but the underlying services do. Of course, that includes glue, S3, EMR, Athena, and Redshift. Normal charges will apply for whatever you build using it. The process for building a data lake using lake formation. It's a little more complicated than you might think. It doesn't really do it all for you. This is why they say it takes days. And not just minutes. Basically, you have to start by creating an IAM user for a data analyst role. You know the person that's going to be using this data lake and building it. You then need to create a glue connection to the incoming data source or sources. Create an S3 bucket for the lake itself. And then once you've done that, you can register that S3 path in lake formation and start granting permissions to it. So this is where lake formation starts to be useful. You then create a database within lake formation for the underlying data catalog and grant any necessary permissions to it. And at that point you can start using blueprints to build up workflows, for example, making database snapshots, whatever you want to do to transform that data and get it into your data lake. You then run the workflow and grant select permissions to whoever needs to access the resulting data Lake Athena or Redshift Spectrum or now it could be EMR as well. That's it conceptually, which is pretty much all you need to know for the exam. Sometimes they like to dig in on these little troubleshooting things and scenarios of things that can go wrong with it. One finer point with AWS Lake formation is the issue of cross-account permissions. So if you do need to have people across different accounts accessing your data lake and accessing lake formation, you need to make sure that the recipient is set up as a data lake administrator. And also take note that AWS Resource Access Manager Ram can be a useful tool for managing accounts external to your organization and what resources they can access within your account. Also, there are IAM permissions for cross-account access that would be relevant here as well. Keep in mind lake formation does not support manifests in queries from Athena or Redshift. So that is one thing that can cause errors if you're using a manifest in a query. One thing to keep in mind. Also remember IAM permissions on the KMS encryption keys are needed for encrypted data catalogs in lake formation, and IAM permissions are needed to create blueprints and workflows within lake formation. So these are all potential, uh, troubleshooting things. You might want to know if you're encountering an error about being able to create a blueprint or a workflow, it's probably an IAM issue. If you're having a cross account permission issue, you probably need to do something with Ram. So things to keep in the back of your head. Some newer features that are worth talking about with lake formation is governed tables and also some new security features. Governance tables is a new thing that supports Acid transactions across multiple tables, so we now can safely, concurrently do row level accesses and updates and deletions without worrying about those multiple users stomping on each other. So acid means that we have strict transactional guarantees there in place. This uses a new type of S3 table under the hood, so it's still on S3. And once you create that choice of being governed or not, you can't change your mind later on. But it does give you acid support with your data lake, which is kind of neat, right? I mean, kind of the whole point of using a relational database management system instead of a data lake was that Acid support? And now you don't have to make that trade off anymore. It also works with streaming data. It doesn't have to be with streaming data, but you can pipe data in from something like Kinesis into AWS Lake formation into a governance table, and actually query that streaming data with Acid guarantees as well. Pretty cool stuff. You can even query it with Athena automatically, and just automatically get that acid support through Athena by using the new governed table feature in AWS Lake formation. Now, one downside of acid support on something like a data lake is that there's sort of an overhead that piles up over time for supporting that. I won't get into the details, but it is important to periodically compact and compress that data back down to avoid the overhead of accessing that storage, increasing over time. And AWS Lake formation with governed tables has an automatic compaction feature that will optimize your storage automatically over time. So you don't have to think about that, even though there is sort of an increasing overhead that piles up as you go. It will take care of that for you automatically with automatic compaction. Also new in AWS lake formation is granular access control with row and cell level security. So whether you're on a governed table or an old school S3 table, you now can control access on both the row and the cell level to specific users. So that's an important feature for some applications currently supported. Now. Now all of the above features we've talked about do incur additional charges, but they're just based on usage. So you're only being charged for what you're using. Seems fair to me. But those are some of the latest and greatest developments in AWS Lake formation. Acid support using governed tables that are automatically compacted and optimized for you. And also we now have row and cell level security for access control. I do want to spend a little bit more time on data permissions in lake formation, because reportedly this does crop up in the exam in a couple of places. So let's go into a little bit of depth. Lake formation does make it easier to set permissions on your underlying data in S3. So this is often a way to enforce really fine grained control. We talked about the new fine grained access control features in the previous slide, but even without that, we have the ability to restrict permissions all the way down to the column level. Just using this UI that you see on the right here, it's pretty easy to use. So just by studying this UI screen, you can understand a lot of what the capabilities are. Starting at the top, you can see that you can tie your permissions to IAM users or roles to Saml users and groups, or to external AWS accounts. Even those are all possible, and you can just build up a list of the different principles that you want to tie a specific set of permissions to. It allows you to use policy tags if you want to, and that can be tied to databases, tables or columns. And you can base your security based on those tags. That's always a good practice. Or you can just explicitly set permissions based on either a table or a specific columns within the table below. And you can see there's a very handy UI there for saying, do you want to let them do selects or inserts or deletes or anything else that you can dream up there for a specific table, or even for specific columns on a table? So if you see questions about implementing column based security on your data, Lake, Lake formation might be the way to do it. Ethan.