So now let's talk about compliance. So some industries will require extra level of compliance. That includes, for example, financial services or healthcare or the aerospace. For example, if you are regulated, you must, for example, report regularly to federal agencies, or if you have a regulated outcome, for example, your mortgage or your credit applications. Bottom line is, if you need to comply with some level of regulatory framework, for example, you have to comply with some audits or some archival, or you have special security requirements, then you have your yourself a regulated workload and you need to have compliance. So there are challenges to doing compliance on AI. Well, because first of all, you have complexity and opacity. It is very challenging to audit how AI systems make decisions. Also, you have dynamism and adaptability. The AI systems are going to change over time. They're not static. You also have emergent capabilities. For example, a system that is designed for a specific use case may have unintended capabilities. Also, it poses unique risks, for example, you have algorithmic bias, you have privacy violation and misinformation. For example, if the data is biased, so not representative of everyone, then the model can perpetuate this bias, or you also have a human bias, that means that the humans who create the AI system can also introduce bias in the way they have programmed the system. So here's an example of bias. This is an AI generated picture of a group of doctors, and you can see in there that we have seven men and one women. And this group doesn't seem very diverse. You also have algorithm accountability. So the algorithms should be transparent and explainable, but that can be very difficult for AI systems. And you have regulations in the EU, such as the Artificial Intelligence Act, or in the US, in several states and cities. So you need to make sure you promote fairness, non-discrimination, and human rights. So you are using AWS. And AWS has a compliance of many of its systems. So there are over 140 security standards and compliance certifications on AWS. For example, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the European Union Agency for Cybersecurity, the International Organization for Standardization, the AWS System and Organization Control, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the General Data Protection Regulation, and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. So all these things are common compliance frameworks, and they are implemented by AWS for their services. You need to look it up to see which ones. But if you are developing your own system on AWS, you also need, for example, if you need to be PCI compliant to get this compliance from external auditors. Next, for your models, you can also create model cards. So they're standardized formats for documenting the key details of the machine learning models. As we've seen, this is a SageMaker model card. And so in Gen AI that includes source citations and data origin documentation. You need to also give details about the data sets being used, their sources, licenses, and any nodes and biases or quality issues in the training data. You need to document the internet use, the risk rating of the model, the training details and metrics. So with SageMaker model cards, you can document your machine learning models in a centralized way, which is nice, and it's going to be very helpful to support audit activities. And on top of it, you have some service cards available for AWS AI services. So bottom line is for compliance, you need to understand what you are subject to and then see how you can implement this on AWS by using their tools and techniques while making sure that you try to solve for the challenges that are posed by SI. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.