In this section, we're going to look at Delta Lakes. Delta Lake is a project originally developed by Databricks and then open sourced under the Linux Foundation license around late 2019. It's basically an open source storage layer that brings reliability to Data Lakes. It provides acid transactions, scalable metadata handling, and it unifies streaming as well as batch workloads. Delta Lakes run on top of Data Lakes, and they are fully compatible with Apache Spark APIs. That is quite a lot of information. So in order to understand what Delta Lakes are, let's start with the problem that Delta Lakes are trying to solve. Let me take you back in time and first take you through the Data Warehouse Architecture and their pitfalls and the emergence of Data Lakes to address those pitfalls. And then I will take you through the pitfalls of Data Lakes. This will then give us the opportunity to understand how Delta Lake could be used to solve some of these challenges, and also the emerging Lakehouse Architecture and how that's being implemented using Delta Lakes. So let's get started. Let's start by looking at what our Data Warehouse is. Data Warehouses came into existence in 1980s when the businesses wanted to make decisions based on all of the data available in an organization in one place, rather than looking at data in individual departments. A Data Warehouse mainly consisted of operational data available within the organization. Some large data warehouses also gathered external data to make intelligent decisions. The data received in a data warehouse is mainly structured as SQL tables or CSV files or semi structured such as JSON or XML files. They didn't have the ability to process unstructured data. The data received then goes through the ETL or the Extract Transform Load process and then load it into a Data Warehouse or Data Marts. The data loaded into the data marts where cleaned, validated and augmented with business meaning. Also, they are generally highly aggregated to provide meaningful business value such as Key Processing Indicators or KPIs. This data is then consumed by analysts and the business managers via BI reports. They were very valuable for making business decisions and most large companies had at least one Data Warehouse by the early 2000s. At the same time, they had some significant issues. In early 2000s, due to the popularity of the Internet, the volume of data started to increase significantly and also the variety of their data had started to change as well. We started to see unstructured data such as videos, images, text files, etc. and there were very valuable for making decisions. But the Data Warehouses lacked support for the unstructured data we were seeing. In a Data Warehouse, the data was only loaded after the quality of the data has been checked and also once it has been transformed. This meant it took longer to develop a solution to get new data into the Data Warehouse. Data Warehouses were built on traditional relational databases or MPP solutions, which meant they used proprietary sort of file formats and resulted in vendor lock ins. Also, the traditional on prem data warehouses were very difficult to scale or at times impossible. This meant large data migration projects were required in order to scale up those databases. Storage was expensive with large vendors and also it wasn't possible to scale up storage without compute, etc.. Finally, Data Warehouses didn't provide sufficient support for Data Science or ML and AI workloads. So here comes the Data Lake. The Data Lake Architecture was aimed at solving the issues we discussed about the data warehouses. They came into existence around the year 2011. Data Lakes can not only handle structured and semi structured data, but they can also handle unstructured data, which is roughly about 90% of the data we are currently seeing. The data received is ingested into a Data Lake without any kind of cleansing or transformation. This resulted in quicker timescales to develop solutions as well as fast ingestion times. HDFS as well as cloud object stores such as Amazon S3, Azure Data Lake were really cheap, so organizations could ingest all of the data without worrying too much about the cost, which is great. The Data Lakes were built on open source file formats such as Parquet, ORC or AVRO, which meant that we could use a wide variety of software and libraries to process and analyze the data. Data science and the Machine Learning workloads could use the raw data as well as the transformed data in the Data Lake. But there was one major problem. Data Lakes were too slow to service interactive BI reports, and there was lack of governance for the data. So the industry moved towards copying the subset of the data from the Data Lake to the Data Warehouses, again to support these BI reports. This resulted in a clunky architecture with too many moving parts. Now that how Data Lake Architecture looks, let's summarize the pitfalls of a Data Lake. Data Lakes offered no support for ACID transactions that cost a number of problems, failed jobs left partially loaded files in the Data Lakes, and they had to be cleaned up with separate processes during each rerun. There was no guarantee of consistent reads. The users could be reading partially written data resulting in unreliable Data Lake. Handling a correction to the data being sent was a nightmare because Data Lakes offered no support for updates, so developers had to partition the data and rewrite the entire partition, in these circumstances, which resulted in increased development time. There was no support by the Data Lake to roll back any data being written, we either had to rewrite a partition or rewrite an entire table. As part of the GDPR or the General Data Protection Regulation from European Union that users had the right to be foregone. In order to implement this, companies had to delete that individual's data from the Data Lake. Because the Data Lake offered no support for deletions, at times, entire files had to be rewritten after filtering the individual's data out. Date Lakes offer no history or versioning of the data, making it difficult to do rollbacks as well as the governance. Combination of all these factors resulted in unreliable data swamps. On top of this Data Lakes offered poor performance for interactive query and also poor BI support in terms of performance as well as security, governance, etc. As we've seen so far, they were complex to setup. Finally, we needed to process streaming data separately to the batch data resulting in complex Lambda architectures. A point to note here. I haven't shown this in the architecture diagrams as streaming is out of scope for this course. In summary, Data Warehouses were very good at dealing with BI workloads, but they lacked support for streaming, Data Science and Machine Learning workloads. Data Lakes on the other hand, were mainly focused on Data Science and Machine Learning workloads, but they fell short of satisfying the traditional BI workloads and they supported streaming workloads, but it was difficult to combine streaming and batch workloads. On top of this due to the lack of support for ACID transactions, we ended up having unreliable data swamps in our Data Lakes. In the next lesson, we'll look at how the Lakehouse Architecture with the help of Delta Lake, can help resolve some of these pitfalls.