Now that we've got a good understanding about what a Delta Lake is, let's do some demos, on being able to read and write from Delta Lake. So what we'll do is we'll read some data from our raw data and write to a Delta Lake. And as you know, in Parquet, when we created the spark tables, we created managed as well as external tables. And the concepts are exactly the same when you're working with Delta Lake, so I'll show you how to create a managed table and an external table, and then we'll read that data back. So we'll read data from a table as well as I'll show you how to read data from files themselves rather than from tables. So let's get started. So the first thing I want to do is I want to create a demo container in our storage account so that we don't interfere with the project. And I also want to create a demo database. So let's get them started. So I'm going to go to the storage explorer and then I'm going to create a new Blob container and I'm going to call this one as demo. And as you know, now, Databricks needs to have a mount point on the demo container, so we need to create a mount. We already have bulk of the scripts required for that one. So I'm going to go to the setup script, which is here, and I'm going to do a comment click, so it'll open up in another tab. So we need these functions to be created upfront and the variables to be declared. And this is the statement to create the mount. So I'm going to copy that and put a new line for our demo container. And this should create the mount point for our demo container. Okay, now that the mount is being created, let's make sure that we can access the Mount. So that would be mount Formula1dl, and then it's going to be under demo. And let me run that one through and it's come back with an empty list. So that means there are no objects within the container, which is fine, but we haven't created anything. So that's everything with this one. So we can close that tab and let's get started with creating the new database. So we want to create a new database. So we need a SQL cell for that one. And I'm going to call this one as a f1 demo. And we want to specify the location because we want all the managed tables to be created in that location. Let me put the mount point here. So what that means is any managed table created on this database will have the data returned to this mount point. So that's what we want. So that's now been created. So let's read some data so that we can write out that Delta Lake. So I'm going to use our results file. And then I'll write that data to our Delta Lake. So let me read that data. So what I'm doing here is I'm reading the results file from our raw container, and I'm not reading the cut over file, I'm reading the week 1 of 2021 that will have about 20 records. So that's kind of manageable. And I've kind of cheated here. I haven't specified the schema and I'm asking spark doing for the schema. It's okay to do that. It's just for demo purposes. Otherwise I would be specifying the schema here. So this should be read into the dataframe as we've seen previously. So that's now coming. So the next thing to do is we want to write this data to our Delta Lake. That's what we are interested in. So I'll point you a couple of documentation because I'm going to take you through some of these. But there are much more to Delta Lake than what I can take you through in this course. So the first thing is docs.delta.io, this is the Delta Lake documentation as such. This is, as I said, Delta Lake is an open source project on its own right. So you can come here and you can look at all the documentation. And if you want to look on the Databricks website, they are here as well. It does say documentation for Databricks on AWS, but it should work for you so you can go through here. Or Microsoft Documentation has copied exactly the same things in here as well. So let me go to the Delta Lake documentation and I'll show you what we got here. So we got the Quickstart. We've got how to read and write data to Delta Lake. And also it talks about deletes, updates, merges and utility commands and constraints and things like that. So we want to write data to Delta Lake table. So we'll go to write to a table. And as you can see, we got the SQL syntax to insert into a table. And we can use the Python syntax here, and this will be very familiar for you as you did previously. So this is doing an append because you're just inserting and appending data. But if you wanted to overwrite, then you would do the overwrite here. And we've got two different variations. If you remember, the saveAsTable creates a managed table and inserts the data at the same time, and the save method itself would just add the data to our Delta Lake and it's not worrying about the tables. So let's start with the managed table and we're going to overwrite because it's just a demo. I'm going to just overwrite the data and just have that data there. So let me copy that and I'm going to modify that for our purposes. So this is going to be the results dataframe.write.format, and this is Delta. If you remember, we had parquet previously, so that's the one little difference between using parquet or delta and that's overwrite and we want to save it as a table and I'm going to put it under f1_ demo because that's where we wanted to have it. And I'm going to call this one as results_managed for managed table. So let's execute that one. And now that table is being created, so we can just read data from that table if we wanted to. Let's do that. So it's going to be a SQL cell, and then I could just do select * from that table and I should see all the data as I would, which is 20 records. So that is brilliant. So that's what we got there. So that's how you write data to a managed table. If you want to append any more data than you would just use, append in the mode. Let's now look at how to write data to a file location rather than using the save as table. So in order to do that, let me copy this. And instead of saveAsTable, you're going to use save and you need to give the location where you're going to write the data to. In our case, that's going to be the mount point that we've specified. So let's pick that up. And I'm going to call this one as results_external. So that would write the data to this external location, which has already happened. So let's now look at whether the data has actually been written. So in order to do that, I'm going to come over to my storage explorer. And as you can see, we've got the results managed and the results external as well. So as you've learned previously, we can either read this data directly if we wanted to, or we can create a table on top of this. So I'm going to create a table which will be an external table. Let's do that. But you need to specify instead of using parquet, we're going to specify Delta. And also because it's an external table, we got to specify the location. You could specify the columns and the data types and things, but I'm just taking a quick shortcut and showing you how this is done. So you just specify the location and that should now create the table and we would be able to read the data from the table. So let's read that data back, using SQL again. So that's brilliant. But what if you didn't want to create a table and you want to read the files directly themselves? Again, very similar to reading a Parquet file, you could just use the Spark DataFrame Reader. So let's, let's put it into a dataframe. And I'm going to use the Spark DataFrame Reader here, so that will be spark. read., you want to specify the format. Previously we've had parquet, here you need to specify Delta and then you need to use the load method with the folder path. So in our case, that's the mnt Formula1dl demo results_external. So if I just run this one, we're going to read that data from this external location into the data frame. So let me do a display and show you the data being written. And that should be the same 20 records we've read already. So this is how it looks. So we have now return data to Delta Lake as well as we've managed to read data from Delta Lake. One more thing I want to show you is how to create a partition table or how to write data to partition folders, like we did with the other work in Parquet previously, all you would do is use the partitionBy method. So I'm going to use the partitionBy method here. And let's pick a column that we can use to partitionBy. If we partition by race Id, that won't make much sense because there is only one race Id in this data at the moment. So just to show you this as an example, I'm going to use the constructor Id, which is teams. So each team had two drivers, so we got 20 records with 10 teams, so you would end up having 10 partitions. So let's use the constructor Id here. And also let's change the table name to partition now. So that will be a new table partitioned. So that's results partitioned and I'm going to execute that. And that should create the table with constructor Id as the partitions. So that's done now. Let me just show you the partitions within the table. So in order to do that, you can run a SQL command called show partitions. On the table name that should list the partitions available. So we got constructor Ids, the partition column and we've got 10 partitions here. We can double check that just by going into the Storage Explorer and we should have a new table called results partitioned and that would have constructor Id as the partition and we got 10 of those. That's how you partition the data while writing it to Delta Lake. So with that, we've now learned how to read data from Delta Lake and write data to Delta Lake. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.