In this lesson, we're going to look at updating and deleting from a Delta Lake table. So now are the differences. When we were in Data Lake, we couldn't update any data from a table or delete any data from a table. So that's all going to change. So Delta Lake supports updates, deletes and merges, and we're going to look at updates and delete here. So let's switch to our documentation. And let's start with the update to a table. So let's have a look at that. And as you can see, you can update using standard SQL statements or you can you've got the Python equivalent and as well. So we need to use the Delta Table API in order to use the Python equivalent. So let's look at both of those ones. Let me switch over to the notebook again and we're going to work with the results_managed table in order to do the updates. And as you can see, we got points 25 for the position one, two and things like that. And we didn't like this, actually. So we wanted to update the points, but instead we calculated a new column with the calculated points in that one. The driver who finished first had 10 points, second had 9 points and things like that. So we're going to do that in here. But instead of creating a new column, we're going to update this column with the values. So in order to do that, we can use the update statement in SQL. So you do update and then we want to give the name of the table. And then you can do set. In our case, we want to change the point. So I'm going to do points equals that was going to be 11 minus position, so if you finished position one, you're going to be getting 10 points, 11 minus one. And you can specify a WHERE clause. We only want to give points to the drivers who finished in top 10. So I'm going to specify that as well. That's going to be position less than or equal to 10. So if I execute this, then it's going to update the points and make them as we expected. So that's completed now. So let's have a look at the data. And as you can see the position one is got ten and things like that. I want to now show you the Python equivalent. So let's switch to the documentation again. And if I click on Python, I'm going to get this. So let's use the predicate using the SQL format string rather than the functions. The difference between them are you can use the SQL WHERE clauses here rather than using the call method and things like that. So I'm going to pick that up and let me copy that and move over to the Databricks notebook. And we don't really need to import any functions because we're using the SQL equivalent here and we only want to import the Delta table. And from Delta table, we want to specify the path. In our case, that would be the managed table. So let me do that. And now we need to specify the WHERE clause as well as the set statement. So our WHERE clause here was position less than or equal to 10. So let me do that for the update. And we wanted to change the points to 11 minus position. So points goes here and then the value goes here. So let's do that. But this time, just so we can see the values being changed instead of 11 and let's do 21. So the first driver gets 20 points. So let me execute that. And I'm going to copy the select statement and run it again. And as you can see, the updates happened and the first driver's got 20 points and 19 for the next one and so on. So that's how you do updates. So we've got the two methods here. If you are using Scala, that will be pretty much similar and as you can see here is pretty much very similar to the Python one. And let's now look at deletes. So deletes are here and again we got the delete for the SQL equivalent and here as well as you've got the Python equivalent. In the Python equivalent and again you'll be using the Delta table API and to the delete method you will send the WHERE clause using which you want to delete the data. So it is very simple. Let's do that in our case. So let me switch over to the Databricks notebook. Let's start with the SQL equivalent, and so I'm going to do the delete statement here. So that would be from the managed table, and I'm going to say WHERE position greater than, say, 10. And that will delete all records where the driver has finished outside of top 10. And let's execute the statement for selecting the data again. So I'm going to select from the table and expect to see 10 records. But whereas we got 12 here and let's scroll down, so we got position 1 to 10, and then you've got the couple of those drivers who didn't finish the race. So they've got a slash N, which is null in my SQL. The data originally came from my SQL. That's why we got the data like this. We haven't cleaned it up, so that's why we got Slash N. So let's say we want to get rid of those two drivers, but we'll use the point. So they've got zero points. So we can use points to delete the data and this time we could use the Python equivalent. And I'm going to quickly copy the statements we had for the update here. And use them so that we don't have to type them all again. And we using the Delta Table API and we've got the path being specified here. But instead of update, we're going to do delete and we only need one parameter, which is our WHERE clause for this one, and that's going to be position. Now this is going to be points right, so points equals zero. Let's do that. And this should delete the other two records now for us. And let's have a look at the data one more time. And we should be having only 10 records in our output. And as you can see, there are only 10 records. So that's how you implement updates and deletes in Delta Lake. And we've seen both SQL as well as Python ways of doing it. But again, as I said, if you're using Scala, it's very similar, except instead of dictionaries you'll be using maps and things like that. So that's the end of this lesson and I'll see you in the next one.