In this lesson, we're going to look at Upsert into a Delta table using Merge statements. This might not be familiar to you and this is one of the harder one's to get your head around, but it is quite powerful. So basically a merge statement gives you the ability to insert any new records being received. Update any existing records for which new data has been received. And if you had a delete request, then you can apply that delete as well. And you do all three of these in one statement, which is very powerful. If you've done any kind of data warehousing in the past, you would have done this many times. But if you're new to data warehousing, then this is what Merge does. But we're going to look at an example and try and implement it using both SQL method as well as PySpark method, so that you've got a full understanding of it. But in order to demonstrate this, we need to set up some data initially. So I'm going to create a few dataframes which are going to have data as if they have been received on three consecutive days. So let's start with the first one. We are dealing with the drivers file here. And what I have done is for the day 1 of the dataframe, I'm just pulling the first 10 driver Ids. So this dataframe is going to have 10 records. So let me just do a quick display and show you how that looks like. And this is what you got. So we pulled out the forename and the surname as well, and we got the 10 drivers and the driver Id is run from 1 to 10. On the second day we're going to get some of these records as well as some new records. So let's do the second day's one. So if you look, the second day's data is going to have driver Ids between 6 and 15. So that means 6 and 10, which we already got data here as well as we got 11 to 15 as new records. So when you run this one, so you would have run the first one imported the 10 records into your Delta Lake. And then when you run a merge for this data set, we would expect the first 5 records, to be left alone because we've got no data for those ones. And from 6 to 10 we would expect that data to be updated and the 11 to 15 are new records which are going to be inserted. So we're doing update and insert in one statement. In order for us to be able to see the updates, what I have done in this one is, I've done an upper case of the forename and the surname. So let me show you how this looks like. So as you can see, the forename and the surname are in uppercase and we've got driver Ids 6 to 15. So I'm going to do one more so that we can cover all scenarios and we can work on both SQL as well as PySpark way of doing things. And this dataframe is going to contain the data for driver Ids 1 to 5, for which we've already got the data for. And also the driver Id's between 16 and 20 as well. So what we would expect to happen is between driver Id's 1 to 5, we already have the data, so we'll go and update them and 16 to 20 will be new record, so we will insert them as well. So let's create this dataframe. So the first two inserts, we are going to work on them using SQL. So let's create a TempView for this dataframe so that we can join them in a SQL statement. And the third one doesn't really need a TempView because that's going to be done using PySpark. So that is one more thing we need to do, which is to create a Delta table. So I've already got the DDL for creating a Delta table, depending on which version of Databricks you're using, Delta is now default, so if you're using Databricks version 8 onwards, you don't have to specify Delta because it is the default, but otherwise you'll have to. But I normally tend to specify that. So it is explicit and we can see from the code itself. So what we got here is a drivers_merge table being created in our demo database. And these are the details. So these are the columns we've selected for our dataframes, driver Id, DOB, forename and surname, but I have also added two new columns, one called Created Date and another one called Updated Date. Again, this is very common In a data warehouse scenario, you will have more columns, if anything, to say what is the latest record and whether you've got history and things like that. But in order for us to be able to see whether we've created a record and updated that record, then we got these two columns. So the idea is that if you create a new record, we'll update the created date column with the current timestamp. If you're updating a column, then we'll update the updated timestamp with the current timestamp, so we can clearly see what's happened in our data. So let's switch to the documentation and I'll show you how the merge statement looks like. So under tables, deletes updates and merges, you can see Upsert into a table using merge. So as you can see, this is the SQL statement for merge. So you merge into a table. That's your target table using the update. So that that's the new data that's come in. And then you specify the condition on which you want to merge. So if you match on the condition, then you can do an update or delete. If you don't match, then you can do an insert. So in this case, they're just doing an update to update the events data with the updated data or the new data that's come in and insert with a new value. So it's quite simple when you look at it in SQL and the Python equivalent looks slightly more complicated, but we'll pick this up first and we'll run with this and we'll come back to Python in a bit. So let's copy that and I'm going to put it in here and we're going to make those changes we need. So this needs to be in a SQL cell because it's a SQL and we're merging into our drivers table. So let's copy the name of the table and put that in here, merge into drivers, merge and using we need the name of the view that we create, so that was drivers_day 1, I think. Let me quickly confirm that, drivers_day 2 and day 1, So we're going to work with the day 1 updates first or the inserts in this case. And we want to do a join using the driver Id, so that we don't have to write big table names. I'm going to call this one as TGT. So I'm giving an alias and I'm going to give an alias for this one as an update. So that means this is the target we're going to write the data to and these are the updates that have come in. So let's do TGT., this is going to be driver Id and the equivalent on the other side is exactly the same name with UPD, which is for updates. So the join condition has now been written and when matched, what do we want to do? So in our case, we want to update a few columns, not just one column so we have a date of birth. So tgt.dob, and that equals we want to do update.dob. And similarly, we'll have to do the other ones as well. And that will be forename and surname. So now let's look at the not matched condition. In the not matched condition, we want to insert some data. So that is going to be all of the columns except the updated date. So driver Id, date of birth, forename, surname and created date. So the values are pretty much the same from the update table. So the incoming data we want to insert into, so the column names, we chose to be exactly the same except for the created date, we don't have a column in the incoming data we are going to generate it ourself. So that is going to be current timestamp. So current timestamp in Spark would give us the current timestamp to be inserted. So that's reminded me of something. In the update, we wanted to update the updated date as well in the same manner. So we want to do tgt.updated date equals and then we want to say current timestamp. That's everything done so we can run this statement. Let's do that. Ok, that's because I haven't created the table. Let me do that first and then I'll run the merge statement as well. So the merge is happened is pretty quick. We only got 10 records and all of the 10 should have been inserted. So let's do a query on the table just to see whether they exist. And I need to make it a SQL cell. So as you can see, we got the 10 records and all of them have got a created date and no updated date. So now moving on to day 2. So we need to copy the same statement and we're going to run it, but this time with a different view, which is the day 2 view. So as we know, on day two, we got data from driver ID 6 to 10 as updates and 11 to 15 as new inserts. So let's run this through now. And I'm going to copy the SQL and run that as well. And as you can see, the top five has been unaffected. So they've got no updated date. They've just been created and the 6 to 10 have got an updated date. So we have updated with the uppercase forename and surname. And then the last five I've got new data inserted, but the new data itself had uppercase forename and surname. So that worked perfectly fine. But we have got the next lot of data coming through on day 3. But for that one, we want to use PySpark to do it. So let's again go to the documentation and copy the PySpark syntax. So as we have seen previously, this uses the Delta Table API, so I'm going to import Delta table. And then we want to specify the location of our folder. So that is going to be in our mount. And we want to give an alias for our target. In the last example we used tgt, so I'm going to go with the same one. And for the updates we need the dataframe for the day 3. So let me go and copy the name of the dataframe that we created for day 3. So that was this one here, dataframe day 3. So let me use that one in here. And we want to give an alias for that one. So previously we gave upd. So let me walk you through this one. So we got the Delta Table API and we've taken the path for that one, which is our path to our Delta table. And then we give an alias for our Delta table, for which we're going to update the data to. And then we're saying we want to merge the new data coming in from this dataframe, and we've given an alias for that as well. And then now we need to specify the join. And if the data matched similar to what we did on the merge statement, we are going to set some values. If it's not matched, then we're going to insert some values and then we're going to do an execute. So we know our join condition is on the driver Id, so let's put that first. And we need to specify our update, so we know that we want to update a few columns, so that will be a date of birth, forename, surname, and also the updated date. So I need to specify the column name which is being updated and then I need to specify the data coming in for that, which is the upd.dob, and in our case we got more columns. So let's list those ones as well. For the updated date, we need to use the function current timestamp to pass in the current current timestamp value, so that will be current_timestamp, and that. So if you remember from our previous lessons, if you're using the function, you need to import that as well. So I'm going to import the function current timestamp. And now that we finished our update, let's look at the inserts. So inserts, we got the values class similar to what we had in our merge statement in SQL syntax, we got to specify the column names and the values that are going in as well. But here we are not going to be using the updated timestamp, instead, we are going to be using the created date. So that's everything I think we needed to do. So if we execute this, we should do the merge in a similar manner. But let's talk about what's going to happen. So what's going to happen is because we are getting data for the first five records. So if I go back to day 3 data, so we're going to get the data for the first 5 driver Ids with the uppercase driver details, and then we're going to get 16 to 20. So the first 5 are already there, so we'll do an update and 16 to 20 are not there. So we're going to do an insert. So that's what's going to happen with that statement. So let's execute that. So that's completed. Let me run the select statement on the table and we should see the updates to the first 5. So as you can see, the first 5 have been updated with the uppercase details now, and the last 5 should be the new records from 16 to 20 onwards. That's how a merge statement works. As you've seen, merge statements are very powerful. If you have a system, for example, which sends you a file with inserts, updates and deletes at the same time, you can just handle them with one statement in your Delta Lake side. I hope you got a good understanding of how merge is work within Delta Lake now. And that's the end of the lesson. I'll see you in the next one.