Now that we've looked at how to insert, update or delete data into our Data Lake. Let's look at some of the advanced features, which are things like being able to look at the history of a table and versioning the data, and also things like actually being able to time travel, which is being able to query the data based on time or versions. So let's start with looking at the history of a table. We'll start with the same table we've been looking at. And in order to look at the history for the table, we can run a command called describe history and then the table name. And this is what you get back. So as you can see, we've got the version of the table being updated or inserted or created and also the changes being made here, we'll go through that in a minute. And you've got the time at which that happened as well. So we are on the 24th of June today, and I did these changes as part of the last lesson yesterday. So at 15:40, I have created the table here. That's the Create table statement. And as part of version one, I did a merge and you can see what happened in that merge as well. So in that merge we inserted 10 records and the total number of records by 10 as well. And then we did two subsequent merges, if you remember, on the second one we inserted 5 new records and updated existing 5 records as well. And that's what you're seeing here. So 5 records being inserted and 5 updated and the total output records is gone to 15 now. And similarly, the following one did exactly the same thing. So in our table we got 20 records now with four different versions of the data, and you get things like which notebook did the updates and which cluster Id the notebook ran on and all of that good stuff which comes with auditing and versioning of the data. So the interesting thing would be is to look at what was the data, when it was version one and when it was version two and three and things like that. That will be really interesting. So let's see how to do that. Let's go with the SQL syntax first. In order to look at the data from version one, what you would do is you would do a select * from the table, and you specify the WHERE clause. It's equivalent to WHERE clause, but you would say version as of, if you want to go with the version number. So that's going to give us the ten records back, which are the first ten records we've inserted. So let's run that now. And as you can see, that's what we had. So the first ten records we inserted were these. And if you go to version two, you're going to be able to see the 15 records with the first 5 not being updated on the second iteration. That's why they've got lowercase driven names, but the others have all got the upper case driver names. So that's very interesting. There is another thing you can do if you wanted to look at the data based on a timestamp, for example. Let's say I want to look at the data at 15:40:33, what you would do is you would say instead of version as of you would say timestamp, and all you have to do is replace the version number with the timestamp. So I'm going to just pick this timestamp here. And that should give us the data from version one. So this is really handy. So if you are updating or loading into your Delta Lake on a daily basis and you want to know what happened a couple of days ago because you've got a problem with the data now, you could just go and say, give me the data that was as of this timestamp and it will give you that data. But before we move on, I just want to show you how to do this in the PySpark style as well, because we've just done the SQL style. So in order to do the PySpark way of doing it, you will have to read that into a dataframe like we normally do. So I'm going to call this one as df and I'm going to read the data. And you specify an option, and this option would have either the version as of or timestamp as of, let's go with the timestamp now. And then you have to specify the timestamp. I'm going to copy the same timestamp here so we can compare the data. And then we do exactly the same thing we do normally, which is load the Delta Lake table. So this dataframe now should have the data from this timestamp, that should be 10 records. So let's just display the dataframe and we should see that data. And yeah, that's as expected. We got the 10 records here, so as I said, if you wanted to look at the version as of, you would just replace the version as of and keep the version number there. So this is how you can time travel the data. But one thing which may come to your mind is that we are able to see the data from previous versions. But if I have a legal requirement to delete the data for someone, I should be physically delete the data altogether and we shouldn't be able to see that data. So that's what you have to do if you are implementing a GDPR requirement. As part of the European Union's legislation of a GDPR, if a user asked for his information to be removed from the system, we have to do that in 30 days. And after that, nobody should be able to see that information. But in this case, we have got the history. Somebody could go and query the data and look at that information. By leaving the data there, we're not complying with a legal requirement, but we have a solution for that. So there is something called vacuum, which you can apply to remove that data altogether. Usually vacuum removes the history, which is older than 7 days, but you can change that as well. So let me show you how to run a vacuum command. So you'll do vacuum and then the table name. So that will be f1.demo.drivers merge. So let's execute that one. And that's going to run and clean up the table. But interestingly enough, if we rerun our statement here, I'm going to copy that and run it again. So you've got a history of what we've done and we will still see that data. That's because by default, vacuum retains data up to 7 days. And we created this data just yesterday. So it's only one day ago. So it's not going to work for us, if we need to remove the data immediately, what you would do is you set the retention to zero hours so you can do that by retain zero hours, and that should remove the data, which is older than zero hours. So that is any history on the table is going to be deleted. If I run this one, we're going to get an error. As you can see, there is a check. It does to say, are you going for a retention which is less than 7 days? which is 168 hours here. So are you sure you want to do that in order to say I'm sure I want to do that, you need to set this to false. So that parameter needs to be set to false, and then it will let you do that. So I'm going to set spark.databricks.delta.retention duration check enabled to false, so that means we're taking over the check and we sure we are doing it. And if I run this one, it's going to delete that data. Okay, So that's now being done. I'll show you in the next lesson how these things work under the hood. But here we just want to see as a developer how to implement these things. But I will take you through how these things are done behind the scenes. So now when I query the same table again here, I'm going to copy that just to keep the history there and if I do that, I'm going to get a message saying error while reading the file so that file no longer exist, and a file reference in the transaction log could not be found because we have removed that file. But if you are querying the table as normal without specifying a timestamp, you're going to see the current state of the table. So the data is all there, but you only see the latest data you've got, no means of going back and looking at the history anymore. But you may notice that if we run the describe history on the table, you still going to see it. I'm going to run that now. So as you can see, we got all the audit here, so we created the table, we did three merges here. But what we have now lost is the ability to go back and look at that data. We only have the current picture of the table, which is fine, which is what we want in case of implementing GDPR solutions, which is great. So as you can see, Delta gives you the ability to time travel. So you can look at previous versions of the data. But as a developer, if you choose not to have the ability, you can go and remove that ability as well using the vacuum command. There's one more thing I want to show you. Generally, what you would have is a requirement in any kind of data project saying, I've had data yesterday, which is really good, and today I've got new data which kind of corrupted everything for me. So I want to go back to the previous position. So let's take an example where we accidentally delete a record from our table. So I'm going to delete a record and then I'll show you how to restore it without looking back at the source data. We can do that by looking at the history itself. So I'm going to delete from this table now. Let's go for driver Id of 1, so we've deleted driver Id 1 here. And if I just Select from the table. We would only see the 19 records because we have deleted the one record. So I'm going to do that now. And if we did version as of, the previous version which was 3, we should see all 20 records. So we've got 20 records here and we've only got 19 in the new one. So what you can do is you can use the merge statement to put that record, which we have deleted. So I'll show you how to do that. So you can do a merge statement onto our table, which is the target table, which is this one. So I'm going to call this one as tgt, but we need a source from where we want to read the data. As we said, we're going to read the data from the same table but as version as of 3. So let's do that. So this will be using that same table version as of 3, and we're going to alias that as src. So we need to do a condition on which we want to match the two tables. Join the two tables, I should say. So that will be the driver Id right, so this is going to be tgt.driver Id equals src.driver Id. So now we want to say when whether it's matched or not matched, when it's matched, it's okay because we don't really need that. But when it's not matched, we want to insert that record. So I'm going to say when not matched. That's the time we're going to see that new record. So when it's not matched, you've got the additional record. I want to insert that one. I'm going to say Insert *, because we're going to insert that record as it is. We are just rolling back the change is what we're saying. So if I run this one, I should put that one record back in. ok. I made a couple of mistakes here, so I needed then after the when not matched and also I need to do merge into as well. So let me put those back in and it should now insert that record back into the table. And our tables history should say we got one more version. So let's quickly have a look at that. So I'm going to do describe history and then the table name. And as you can see after the delete, we've done a merge, but we would have restored the data back. So I'm going to do a select * from that table now. And as you can see, we got 20 records, but the driver Id probably is down there, Driver Id 1 which is Lewis Hamilton's back in the table. So that's how you can reach to the data, which is really handy when you when you have a problem with your data load and you want to go back to a previous version of the data. In our case, it was very simple because we deleted a record and then put that back in. But you may have a scenario where you've got new data coming which is updated the old records, you can update them back with the previous record using the merge statement again. So but that will be slightly more complex than this. But you just have to do when matched. Then you do updates based on that. Just to summarize in this lesson, we've been through how to look at a history of Delta table and how to do time travel based on versions as well as timestamps. And also we've looked at how to restore state of a table based on a version or a timestamp. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.