So in the last lesson we saw how time travel, versioning and history and all of those work. But if you like me, you would be wondering how does it all happen actually, do we keep all of that information in hive meta store? The answer to that is Hive Meta Store only keeps the kind of information we looked at previously for a spark table that is like the name of the table and the attributes and all of that kind of information. But the transaction logs themselves are not kept within hive meta store, because it will be really inefficient to go and read hive meta store and get all of that information for everything. So Delta Lake uses some clever method to do that. So I'm going to show you how that works under the hood. In order to do that, let's start with creating a table. So this is very similar structure to the other one we saw, which is the drivers merge. I've got a new table called drivers_txn and it's got the same structure. So let's execute that statement. And now that the table is created, if I did a history. You would see that actually, we got a history here, which is version zero that created a table. That's what we saw previously. and Where is all of that information coming from? That's not coming from the hive meta store, but that comes from the Delta Lake itself or Data Lake, you can call it. So let's do a refresh on the demo folder. And we got this new table here. So what you will see is a folder called Delta Log. So if you remember when we created a spark table, all we had is some parquet files here, and there were nothing called a delta log. So this is where the transaction log itself is kept. And when we insert data, that data would be written still as parquet files, which we are going to do in a minute. So let me quickly open up the delta log and here you've got a JSON file and this is what has got the information we see in our notebooks when we did the describe history. So let me open that up. And as you can see here, that's not a lot of information here because we've just created the table and you've got the commit information. So the timestamp user Id, username, which is my Azure account, and then the operation is create table and all of that information is here, but it will get a bit interesting when we add new data to that. So I'll leave this file opened and I'm going to insert a new record into this table. So let me insert a new record from the other table, which is our drivers merge. So that'll be insert into this table, but I'm going to select from the drivers merge table because they have the same structure. And I'm going to say I only want, say, two records or just say one record. So I'm going to pick the driver Id one, and that's what it's going to go into this now. And if we look at the history, as we did before, we're going to see two versions, a version zero and version one. And the version one has got a write operation on it. So if I go back to the storage Explorer again. Let's refresh this folder so we've got one more JSON file for version one. That was version zero. Before we open that, let me go back to the folder for the table itself. And as you can see, we've got a parquet file. So in this case, we only have a single parquet file, that's because our data was partitioned to one only one partition because we only processed one record. And also, actually, we are working on a single node cluster and all of that. But if in your production environment we may have multiple partitions, so you'll have part zero, part one and things like that. But the interesting thing is within the log file, let me open this JSON. You will see more information now. And as you can see, the operation here is the right operation. But this is the interesting bit, the action itself. It says add this parquet file. So what happens is when you read the data from this table and you say, I want the latest data, it will go through the transaction log and say, I've got two transaction logs and I want to read the first one first, which will say that, okay, you've got a created table, but there is nothing else, so it doesn't have to do an awful lot. But it reads the second one and says, okay, I've got a read this parquet file, so let me read the parquet file and give that information to you. And just to make this understanding a bit more stronger, let me add one more record and then we'll see what happens. I'm going to add driver number two as well. And here we would have version two as well. And let me go and refresh here. You've got the JSON file, too. And also, if I go back, I've got one more parquet file here and let's go into the transaction log and open this JSON up. And as you can see this JSON now says this is another write operation, but add this file as well. So the way the versioning works is when I say I want the latest data, it's going to go through the three transaction logs we got. That's for create. That's okay. There is nothing to read from there, but we got this parquet file to read and we got this parquet file to read. So I want to read both files and give you that data. But if I said as part of the time travel, I want to read the data from version one, It'll just read that parquet file, it'll ignore that parquet file all together and give me back that data. So that's how the time travel works. So it uses this transaction log to find out what files it needs to read in order to give you the data as of that version or that timestamp. So you might be wondering what happens when we do a delete. So let's do a delete. And here I'm going to delete the driver Id one from here. So that's now been deleted. So we're going to have one more transaction log file. So let me go to the Storage Explorer and if I go to the Delta log, I have got the third transaction log file. And also, if we go back to the main table, you're going to have another parquet file. To make sense of what's happening here, let's open up the transaction log from the Delta log folder. So that's the number three here. And as you can see here, it says, I want to remove that. So when you come to read the table, I want to remove that parquet file. I don't want to read that. That's a new action, we haven't seen that before. And then add the new file that I have created. So let's go back a step and start from the first one. So on number one, we added this new file, which is the one which had a driver number one. So if you look at it, that's b6f6, and the number two, we added driver number two, which is f63d, and the third version we removed the driver number one. That's why it says when I read the data for number three, I'm going to remove that file b6f6, I'm not going to have that parquet file, instead, I'll add this new file now because we have removed that record and created a new parquet file. So always creates a new parquet file when you do a DML operation on the data. But as you would imagine in this one, we only had one driver Id, so we've removed that and we shouldn't create a new parquet file. But what it's done is it's created a new parquet file, but if you look closely, that would have zero records. There are no records. It's just created one for us. So just to summarize, if you read the version one, it's going to read data from this one. Version two, it's going to read data from the ADD here and this parquet file here. But when you come to read data from version three, it's going to think, Oh, I need data from this parquet file and this parquet file. And then it goes, No, I don't want the one from the first one. So I only want data from number two here as well as the new parquet file here. So these two would have just the data for the version three, which is one record from there and zero records from here. So you will end up having just one record. Hope that makes sense. One more thing I want to show you is you might be wondering, okay, so we've got JSON files being created for every single change. And if I have hundreds or thousands of changes going through, I'm going to have a massive Delta log file, Delta log folder and it's going to slow down everything. So there is an answer to that from Delta Lake. So let's add more data and then see what happens. I'm going to insert into this table, which is the new table that we've created from the other table like we did before. But I'm doing that in a for loop, so I'm going to take data from ranges of 3 to 20, so it'll go up to 90. And for the driver Id, I'm going to insert it. So I'm just doing an a loop, but it's going to insert data from 3 onto 19. So let's run that now and let's switch back to the Delta log. And as you can see, it's creating a Delta log for each of the inserts I'm doing because I'm doing one at a time. But if you did bulk inserts, there will be one JSON file for the whole thing and after the 10th there will be an interesting thing. As you can see, it creates a checkpoint file. So that checkpoint file is going to have all of the information from zero onwards to nine. So that means when you want data from version 11, for example, it doesn't have to go back and read all of those days and files. It will read this one parquet file and read that JSON file and say, okay, I've got the information for you. I should say it'll read the parquet file here and this JSON file and this JSON file and then give you that information. So at any point in time it doesn't have to read more than about nine JSON files and a parquet file in order to find out what data it needs to give you. That's how it makes it more efficient for you. So again, after the 20th, it's going to have the checkpoint file or after the 19 in this case, because the numbering starts from zero. So again, in the transaction file, you can have these 21 files as well. So I have been doing single driver Id inserts, but you might be wondering what happens if I insert like 20 records at a time. So I'm going to just quickly do that and show you. Because I don't want to mislead you by just inserting one record at a time and showing you something and when you come to production environment, it's going to be different. So if I do a insert here, it's going to insert 20 records, but it will only create a parquet file or if it's partitioned by more than one partitions, then you'll have more than one. But there will be one only one log file. So in this case, actually when I run it, I've got two files because it's partitioned the data into two different files. And if you go to Delta Log, you're going to have one extra delta log here, 21. And if I open that one up, that's going to tell me that it's inserted 20 new records. So that's got the two files we talked about, and it's going to have the 20 records as well. So that's the number of records, 19 on one of the files and one on the other one, that's somehow partitioned in this way. So it's not the most efficient way. It's not equally distributed, but it's done it that way. One more thing to say is the transaction logs are kept up to 30 days, so your transaction logs are not kept forever. They are kept up to 30 days. And after that, actually Delta Lake will remove those transaction logs so that it is more efficient. And if you wanted to keep them for longer, you can do that. But it is not recommended because as you can see, every change is going to create a parquet file for you and you're going to have to spend a lot of money on storage. And also it will make the performance quite slow as well. So that's why it's better to keep the transaction logs kept for 30 days, no longer than that. And if you wanted to set it to zero, which you can do as well, very well, but in that circumstance it will work very similar to a spark table, so you wouldn't have the ability to time travel and things like that. But it is totally up to you to do what you want to do depending on your project situation or project requirements. I hope now you've got a good understanding about how the transaction log works and how we seeing history and time travel and how everything is put together under the hood as well. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.