You may have a project where everything is developed and you've got a live system which is creating parquet files and potentially you've got tables as well. And now you want to move to a Delta based tables so that you can benefit from Delta Lake. So how do you do that? So it's very simple. And you've got one statement that you need to run in order to convert your parquet tables or files into delta tables. So let's see how that's done. I'm going to quickly create a parquet table. So that's the parquet table I'm creating, and let's go and look at how the folders look like. So if I refresh that one and when I open it up, there is no delta log. Unlike a delta table, you've got an empty folder and you can insert data into that one. So similar to what we did before, I'm going to insert some data. So let's do that. So I'm going to read from our drivers merge table that we created that's got about 20 records and I'm going to put them into convert to Delta table. That's the one we've created and that's a parquet table. So let's have a look at the data now. And as we would expect, we got the parquet file and the started committed and success files there. So that is a proper parquet table here. Let's convert this to a delta table. In order to do that, you just have to run a statement, convert to Delta and then give the table name, that'll do the job for us. So I'm going to do that. So let me execute this and let me switch over to the folder. And if I do a refresh, I should see the delta log here. So as you can see, we got the parquet files as they are nothing is been touched. But in the Delta log, you will have a log file. So it does it slightly differently to start with, you've got a checkpoint file first and then you've got the JSON and everything else from here would be exactly the same thing. We have got our delta table now. We can do updates, inserts, whatever we want to do, so which is great. I want to do I want to show you one more thing, which is actually if you didn't have a table in this case, we got a table registered in hive meta store and we put the data. If you didn't have the table and if you had a file system, a parquet file, basically the syntax is slightly different. So I'm going to quickly create a parquet file. Again, I'm going to use the data from our table that we created here, the Delta table, and put it into a dataframe. So I'm reading the table convert to Delta that we created into a dataframe, and I'm going to write this dataframe as a parquet file. So this is writing into a parquet file and that's going to be stored as drivers convert delta new as supposed to the drivers convert to Delta. And I will show you quickly how the folder looks like and it will be very similar to the other parquet we saw. So we've got the two part K files here. So let's now convert this into a delta table. It is slightly different, as I said, so the syntax is exactly the same to start with. And then we need to qualify this with parquet. And we give the folder structure there. So that will be the folder name. But because we got slashes in the folder name, use the back ticket and close that and then put the folder names and it should now convert the parquet file into Delta as well. So once that's finished, let's switch over to the folder here. And if you do a refresh, you've got the delta log file and now this is registered as a Delta table and you can do everything you do normally with the Delta. That's how you do a migration of a project from standard parquet to Delta if you wanted to do it. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.