Now that we've got a very good understanding about what Delta Lake is and what we can do with Delta Lake and how to use it, let's try and use Delta Lake in our project. As we know, we've so far used parquet to create our tables, but we can turn them into Delta Lakes. So before we start, I want to quickly walk you through or remind you one more time about the design patterns we've got for various files to ingest and transform. So if we go back to our workspace, these four files, which are circuits, races, constructors and drivers as you know, are full data loads. So that means whatever we receive will overwrite. So it will be quite simple just to turn the parquet into Delta when we want to implement the Delta format for our files or the tables. But these four here which are results pitstops, lap times and qualifying are incremental loads, so we need to deal with them differently. So the first time when we load the data, we'll do an overwrite of our tables and after that every single one will have to be incrementally loaded. So that means we insert the new data that's coming. But at the moment what we have been doing is we have been dropping the partition or overwriting the partition. That means we expect the new file to contain all of the data related to that partition, which in our case is race Id. So we made an assumption upfront that if we get data in a file for a race Id, we will have all of the data related to that race Id so we can overwrite what's already in our Data Lake and then put the new data in. This is true in our project, but it may not be true in a lot of circumstances or in your real time projects. Sometimes what would happen is you might get all of the data for the race Id from this week and we might get some corrections to the data from the previous week. But the data you get from the previous week might be a couple of records. So if you did an overwrite, you would overwrite today's partition or this week's partition and you would overwrite last week's partition. But what would have happened is when you overwritten last week's partition, you would only write the two new records you've received. But now, with the help of Delta Lake, we can do merge. So that means we don't have to overwrite the partition, we can simply update the records. So Delta gives you better capability, we don't have to make sure that our source data always comes as full for a partition. We can receive partial data for a partition as well. So we'll do that in the ingestion of these incremental files here. And also we've got similar logic within our transformation. So our race results is based on race Id partition, but it reads the Delta data or the parquet data from our ingested tables and writes the results into race results file and similarly driver standings and constructors standings, but they are just differently partitioned. So we read data from these tables based on the race Id, but we write the data based on year partition. So we got three different types of scenarios to deal with here. So what we'll do is we'll do the three different scenarios as a separate lessons. So the first lesson we'll go through the first four files and the next one will go through the following four here on ingestion. And then the following one will deal with the three files here. But before we start doing anything, we want to tidy up our database. So we saw in our last lesson that we can simply convert our parquet into Delta tables and then we can use them. But we don't want to do that. Let's start our project from scratch. But in order to do that, we need to drop the tables we already have. But if you remember from one of our previous lessons, we have written a notebook under our utils called the prepare for incremental load and that drops the databases and the tables underneath for f1 processed and presentation. So let's run this and it should drop all the tables and give us a clean slate to start with. So let me run the notebook here. Okay. The tables are now dropped. It took about 2 minutes to drop all the tables and recreate the databases there for us. Let's now switch over to our ingestion folder and pick up the first one, which is the circuits file. So I'm going to go over there and the only thing we need to change is to write the data to our tables. At the moment, as you know, we writing the data in the parquet format, and that's the thing we want to change to Delta. And as we've seen previously, it's quite simple and we just have to change Parquet to Delta. And I've got a display statement here which wouldn't work. That's because it's doing a spark.read.parquet, if I'm reading a delta file, I will have to do format as delta, but we don't really need the display here because we selecting the data from the table anyway, so I'm going to just delete this statement here and this is just there for testing. So the next thing to do is to run the notebook and we've got the file date as the 21st of March 2021, which is our cutover data. So let's load the cutover data first. And that's now worked. And as you can see, we got all the data here. And similarly, when we go to our processed container, we should see the Delta log and the parquet files and everything. That's brilliant. So that's how you create a Delta tables or Delta file. And it's quite simple. And I would like you to do the other three files as well and test it for yourself, and I'll see you in the next lesson.