So the next file we want to deal with is the results file. And as we know, this is an incremental data set. So we get in the customer data in 21st of March and then we're going to have just the race data for that race from the 28th of March and then similarly from the 18th of April as well. So let's deal with the 21st of March file. First, the changes again, we'll have to make them in the right to our parquet to Delta. So in order to do this, we wrote a function called Overwrite Partition, and we sent in the data frame and the other details and the function took care of everything. So let's quickly go to the function. So I will spend that in a different notebook. And this is a function we wrote. One thing with Delta is Delta doesn't support the partition overwrite mode. So this code just by writing or just by changing the parquet format to Delta won't work for you, but there is a JIRA which is being worked on, so it might work at some point in a later release, but at the moment it doesn't really work. But having said that, this is not what we wanted. We wanted to have the functionality to be a bit more richer. So that means not just we want to overwrite a partition, we want to be able to update individual records. So if there is a change which came through in a new file but relates to a previous partition, even if that is partial, we want to just update that data. So we said in the last lesson that we want to implement a merge logic rather than overwriting the partition logic. So that's what we're going to do. Let me copy this piece of code anyway. So I'm going to copy the if and the else statements and I'm going to put it into our other notebook and we'll work on that. So let's comment this out and we are going to put the copied code in here. And now that's not going to be a function. I just want to work here and show you how it works before we turn it into a function. So if you remember here, what we do is actually we look to see if a table exists, then we do a overwrite of the partition. Otherwise we create and insert the data into that partition. That's what this statement is doing. So there is not much change to this one. So we can turn this into Delta and it'll work. So this is the first time you've got no table. You're going to write the data to the table with the new data, it'll just work as it is. So there is nothing we need to do. But I'm going to just take out these variables and hard code so that it's all obvious for you. So that's the f1 processed results table is the one we writing the data to and we had a partition column that was race Id, so that's fine. But the change is going to be here. We can't do this and we don't want to do this, but instead we want to do the merge. If you remember when we did the merge for the Python syntax, we used the Delta Table API to do that. So I'm going to import the Delta table API. Before we move on, we could use the merge statements in SQL, but programmatically it's better we use the PySpark syntax rather than the merge syntax in SQL, but it's up to you if you have a merge syntax in SQL and you want to run it as part of Spark, you can use this SQL method to do that as well. But I'm going to go with the PySpark syntax here. And we've imported the Delta table, so the next thing to do is to set our Delta table. So that's our Delta table and that is the Delta table.forPath, and we need to specify the path. As you know, our Delta table is going to be written or in this case, updated or merged into this path. So that's what we've specified here. So the next thing to do is to do the merge. So I'm just going to copy and paste what I got already. But you've seen this before. So we want to merge to our Delta table, which is this one processed results and I've given an alias which is TGT, so we can use the alias in our merge conditions and we want to read the data from our data frame. So if you know that's the data frame we are reading the data from and I've given the alias as source. So that's our source and that's our target and we're going to merge the data from our source to target and we want to specify the condition. The join condition is result Id. So let me take you to the documentation which will tell us why result Id is the merge condition we've used. So we're talking about the results table and the primary key on the results table is the result Id, So we want to do a merge based on the primary key so that when it's matched we'll update the record. If it's not matched, then it's a new record so we can insert that record. So let me take you back again. So we got the merge condition here. And then what we've said is simply we've said actually if it is matched, we want to update every record. When it's not matched, we want to insert all the new records. So that's what we want. In the previous work we did, actually, we were manually updating some fields and populating new fields like congestion timestamp and things like that. But in this case the ingestion timestamp is already being set. If you remember, we set that using the add ingestion date function. So we've got our data frame is fully populated with all the information, so we can simply say, I just want to insert all columns into my delta table. And then we can do an execute as well. So it is as simple as that. Before we execute this, I want to quickly run you through one more time. So you have got we've got the same logic. If the table doesn't exist, we'll create the table and populate the data. If the table exists, then we'll go and do a merge. I want to make a couple of changes here similar to the statement here for the save as table. I'm going to use the hardcoded values so that you can see what we're doing. So we're saying if the table exists, then we're going to do the merge. If it doesn't exist, we are going to write the data using the save as table. So hopefully it works. So let's run this for the 21st of March. So the mistake I've done is I've used the output df, because we copied from the function, it should be results final. DF So I've just replaced that one. Let me rerun the notebook one more time and hopefully this time it'll write the data be needed. So the execution has completed. It took a minute and 5 seconds to write that data and let's execute this query we got there. So we've got a number of res Ids, right So we got the race ID up to 1047 because this is a cut over file. We're seeing everything. So which is which is brilliant. All the data has been loaded. Let's switch to the storage Explorer and have a look at the data being written as well. So I'll go to the processed container and under results we should have the data. And as you can see, we got data partitioned by race Id because that's what we wanted to do. And also if I go back, we can see the delta log and we would have the transaction log being written here as well, which is brilliant. This is what we wanted to achieve. But the next execution is the one which is critical because at the moment it's come in and it ran this piece of code, but this is where we got bulk of our code. Let's see whether that works. So in order to do that, I'm going to run it for the 28th, So that is our first race of 2021. So let's run that through and see whether it gets updated properly. Okay, so that's completed. That took 21 seconds here and let me run this query and we should see the 1052 race ID and that's there as well and everything else is there. So what's happened is it's left all the data behind from the cutover and it's inserted the new record for us. So it basically went into the merge statement and did the, when not matched, insert all statement. I didn't intend to cover a lot of performance tuning aspects in this course, but when you're doing merge, you need to be careful because it is an expensive operation. But what we have done here is using the result Id we've done the merge so the result id could be in any of these partitions. So spark doesn't know which partition has got which result id, so it'll have to scan through each one of these partitions in order to find out the, the record we're trying to update and it will be really slow. So let's switch over to the Databricks notebook and see how we can add the partition column. So when you specify the merge condition here, you can say I want to merge based on the partition column as well. So in our case, we know that adding the race Id is not going to have any impact in terms of the logic because we know result idea alone is sufficient to get the record we want. But race Id could help spark to find the right partition. And when you do this, there is one more setting you need to do, which is to say I want spark to use dynamic partition pruning. So that means use the race Id as a column to find the partition rather than being hardcoded values. If it's hardcoded value, then you don't need to set it. So what I mean by that is if you set TGT race ID equal to 1052, then it's it's static partition pruning rather than dynamic partition pruning. But in this case you need to set the two. Having said this, in our case, when we run this, it won't probably make any difference in terms of performance, but when you have a large project, you're working with millions and millions of records merge. E, as I said, is quite an expensive operation. So make sure you always specify the partition columns. If you have partition columns in your merge condition so that the queries will be quicker. So let me run this just to make sure there are no errors in the code. And as you can see, it hasn't made a huge difference. But as I say, when you have large amount of data, this would make a difference. Let's quickly do the counts again just to make sure we got the right data as well. And we have got the right data there as well, which is brilliant. So that's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson, we'll take this turn it into a function so that we can use this function throughout our project.