Okay. As I said in the last lesson, I'm going to turn it into a function so we can use it in the other notebooks as well. And I'm going to call this one as merge Delta Data. And we need some parameters. So we'll get to that in a minute. And I'm going to just intent to the right so that it's in the function. So that's done. So the first thing we want is we want the database name and the table name. So I'm going to put them as parameters, database name and table name, and we can replace those here. And we could use the same in our SaveAs table as well. So the next hardcoded value we got here is the folder path and the table name itself. So let's create another one, another parameter called folder path. And we'll send that from our main notebook. So I'm going to call this as folder part. And they could use the table name for this. And we want f string for that as well. And the next thing we got is the dataframe. So I'm going to put that as the first parameter. So that's the input data frame and I'm going to replace that here and here as well. And one thing I don't want to have is the merge condition being hardcoded here as well. So I'm going to use an another parameter and call it merge condition and I'm going to pass that in as well. And let's put the value there so we will need it later. Next one we want is the partition column. So let's put that in here as well. So that is the partition column. And we can replace that here because as we know, we've got some with different partition column as well. And everything else looks good to me. So we need to call this function as well. So let's put a call to the function. So that's going to have all of these values. I'm going to just copy and paste it. And our input data frame is the results_final df. And our database name, as we know is the f1 processed and the table name is results. And our folder path is the process folder path which is configuration notebook. So we can just use that variable here. And we need a merge condition. So let's use this merge condition here. I'm going to have a variable merge condition, and then we can send that as part of the function. And then we've got a partition column, which is going to be our race Id. And before we execute that statement, I'm going to copy the function called and put it into the functions notebook. So that's our common functions notebook, and I'm going to put a new function. You should put some documentation for all of these things, but I'm just teaching you how to do the functions rather than how to document it and unit test. So make sure you do that. I can see one issue here. This service table has got extra brackets, so I'm going to take that off. So let me try and execute it. Make sure it works. And the function executes. Okay, So that's fine. And let's switch to our other notebook. And we don't need the cell anymore because that's part of the functions notebook. And we should get that function and execute it here. So let me try and run it for the 28 one more time just to make sure it works and then we'll do the 18th of April as well. Okay, let me look at the results, and that should have 1052. Sorry. Yes, 20 records and let's do the 18th of April as well, just to make sure that we can process a new dataset as well after we've done the changes. And that looks okay as well. So we've got the new race Id 1053 with 20 records as well. So everything's worked as we expected. So now we need to make changes to the other notebooks. I would like you to make those changes yourself. But I will make the notebooks available for you. If you have any problems, you can refer back to those notes. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.