Welcome back. Hope you managed to complete the assignment. If not, please follow along with me and I'll take you through what I have done. I'm going to quickly copy these two statements because that's what we need. And we'll start with the Pitstops file. And let's go down to the write statement here, and we're going to comment this out first, and then I'm going to put the two statements we copied and we want to change the table name here, which will be pitstops and the race Id still is the partition column and everything else is the same. But we want to change this. So in order to find out the primary key for the pitstops, I'm going to go to the documentation here. So Pitstops has got a composite primary key. So as you can see, there are three IDs which makes up the primary key here. So which is race Id, driver Id and stop. So let's go to the pitstops notebook and put them in. So that's done. So I put all three columns in the merge condition and everything else should be okay. One more thing is we need to replace the dataframe name. It's not a results final df anymore, it's the final df is the dataframe, we want to write to the target. So I'm going to run it all for the 21st of March. So that's now successfully processed. So let me quickly write a SQL just to make sure that actually I can see the data. So the data looks as we would expect to see. I'm going to quickly run the other two as well and then move on to the next notebook. So we processed the data for the other two days and let's move on to the next one now. Let's do the lap times now. And again, I'm going to copy the statements we've already got in the previous one, and I'm going to paste it here. And let's switch to the documentation and have a look here. This one is the lap time. So lap times is again got a primary key of three fields, which are race Id, driver Id and lap. So let's put them in. So that is instead of stop we got lap that's all we got for the merge condition. The dataframe itself is final df, but we got to change the name of the table which is lap times and race id again is the partition columns. So let's run this through for the 21st and the other two days as well. Okay, everything is completed, so we need to do the last file in this lot, which is the qualifying file. So again, I need to copy and paste what I got there and comment out what's already there for overwriting our partition and let's go to our documentation. And qualifying has got only one primary key which is qualifyId, so let's make that change. So that's going to be qualifyId. And we need to remove the other two conditions because we don't have a composite key anymore. And similar to the other ones, we want to change the table name to qualifying and the dataframe name is final df here as well and everything else is correct. So let me run that one through. Okay, that's run through successfully. I'm going to run the other two days as well. Okay, so that's completed. So now we've completed the four incremental loads in our ingestion. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.