Welcome back. While analyzing the data from our results file, I've noticed that there are some discrepancies. Basically, there are some duplicates in the data, which we need to fix before we implement the rest of the solution. Because otherwise, when we join the data in our race results as well as the driver standings and constructors standings and things like that, it's going to cause us problems. So let's fix the data before we move on and I'll show you first actually what the issue is. Let me scroll down to the bottom. I've written a couple of SQL's to look at the data. So on the table for the 21st of March 2021, which is the cutover day, we've had 24,960 records, but amongst those there were some duplicates. So as you can see, I look to see the records which have got more than one entry for the same race Id and the driver Id. As you know, race Id indicates a particular race and the driver Id indicates a particular driver. So within a race, a driver is only racing once. He's not going to be racing for more than once. And as you can see, we've got a number of records which have got more than one entry which are definitely wrong. So the same driver couldn't have raced more than once. So fundamentally there is some problem with the incoming data. So in a real world scenario, you would do two things. One is you would go and ask the source system in our case, which is Ergast to give us the right data. And if that's not possible, you would de-duplicate the data and ingest that data for analysis so that you fix the issues before that's being used. So in our case, we've got one only 85 records out of the 24,000 records we've got. And also they relate to previous race years, which are very old actually, in 1950s and 60's. So we can remove the duplicates without worrying too much about it. It won't affect our analysis, but I don't want to remove the entire records for those ones. If I find two records, I want to keep one of them. If I find I think we've got some examples where three records are there and if I find three for the same race Id and driver Id, I would keep one of them as well. So here is one example I pulled out. So here on the same race, 540 the same driver seem to have raced for even two different teams, 54 and 57 and he finished at different positions and things like that. So you can write some clever logic to pick one of those records, but there is no way for us to know which one is the right record because there is no other dates or anything else which would help us find the right record. Maybe you could say, I'll pick the latest result Id, but I don't think that's even going to give us what we want. So I'm going to de-dup it and give the de-duping to Spark so it decides which records record to keep and I'm not going to be really worried about which one it keeps. So in order to de-dup the data, Spark gives you a function called drop duplicates, as you can see here and you can use that to de-dup the data. Here is an example, I'll use the example to explain what would happen. So this dataframe here is going to have three records for Allice with age 5 and height 80 as two records and then age 10 and height 80 is one record. So there are three records in the dataframe, but when you use the drop duplicates, it's going to do duplicate on the enter dataframe and give us only two distinct records. That's what you've seen. So Alice with age 5 and height 80 appears twice. So it's going to take one of them out, any one of them, and keep the other one and give you the data. But what if you have a scenario like us where actually we got a very long dataframe with multiple columns, but you want to de-dup on couple of columns. So that's what they're doing here, only based on the name and height. So Alice appears three times and the name and the height are the same across all three records. So it needs to give you back one record. It's randomly picked one of these with the age 5 rather than age 10. So in this case, if her age actually is 10, then we are wrong. But we've got nothing else to suggest that she's 10 rather than she's 5. So the best we could do is just pick one of the records. So this is exactly what we are going to do. We are going to drop duplicates based on the race Id and the driver Id and pick one of those records. So let's go ahead and implement that change. So I'm going to go up and find the place where we want to do it. So here we've got the result final dataframe, that's the one which gets written so we can apply our de-duping here. So I'm going to call the new dataframe as results_ deduped dataframe. And that's going to be from the final dataframe and we're going to use the function or method drop duplicates. And we now need to send in the list of columns based on which we want to de-dupe. So it's going to be a list of columns. I'm going to use the race Id as well as as we said, we're going to use the driver Id. Let's do the two here. And then that's the one we want to use in our final write. So in the merge delta data function, when we call it, we want to send in the result de-duped df and that should do what we want it to do. So once we've run it through, we shouldn't have any duplicates. But before we do it, I'm going to drop this table so that we can load it fresh and examine the data one more time. Let's do it. So that's been dropped and I'm going to delete the cell and I'm going to run it for the cut over. So let's do a Run All. Okay, so that date is now written. Let's do a count again. We had 24,950, I think, previously. So let's have a quick look. Okay, so we got 24,869, so we kind of deleted about 91 records, I think, which is great. So there were that many duplicates. So if we run this SQL now, it should return no records because there are no duplicates. And then we'll also look at the next query, which should give us the results for that race Id and driver Id, and we should see one only one records amongst the two we had previously seen. So looking at these two results should confirm that we managed to to remove the duplicates. So that's great. As we expected, this could return no result. So there are no duplicates. This one returned only one record and it picked the constructor Id 54 rather than I think the other one was 57, but we left it to Spark to do the job for us. And that's good enough for our analysis. Just to reiterate, when you are working with data projects, these kind of data issues will happen day in, day out and you will have to deal with them. And one of the ways is to de-duplicate the data. And as I said, the ideal solution would be to go back and ask for the right data. So you have got the right data, but that's not always going to happen. Let me quickly rerun it for the 28th and the 18th of March. Okay, So those two days have now been processed. And as you can see, there are still no duplicates. So our solution has worked here. And that's the end of this lesson. And I'll see you in the next one.