Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to look at the calculated race results notebook. And this one is slightly different to the other notebooks because this uses SQL notebook as supposed to a PySpark notebook to start with and also be using the SQL API rather than the DataFrame API to work with the data. So I would like to show you how to use the SQL API rather than the DataFrame API. With the help of merge statement, we can also implement the incremental load logic. At the moment, this is not incremental, as you can see, we don't receive the file date and we don't filter on any other data. So we process all of the data every time. So in order for this to be in a pipeline and work efficiently, we need to be able to reprocess only the data that we need to reprocess. So that's what we're going to do. The first thing we want to do is to turn this from SQL to Python. That way we can receive the file date as the parameter and also we can pass that around and do everything we need to do. So let's do that first. So I'm going to turn this into a Python notebook. So I've done the change. We don't need this anymore, so I'm going to delete that cell and let's add a new cell and we want to have the widgets so that we can receive the file date. So that's going to get the file date as p_file date as the parameter, and that will be set to v_file date. So let's run that through. So it's got a default date of 21st of March, but we can change that as we know. So the next thing we want to do is to create the table up front, because when we do a CTAS syntax like this, so create a table as a statement. The table is being created when you have selected the data, but when you do a incremental load, you're not going to be creating the table every time you would expect to have the table up front, and then you can merge the data into the table. So that means you either insert the records or update the records into the table. So let's create the table up front. So again, I'm going to be using the SQL syntax here. But as you know, in order to run this SQL, we need to wrap it in spark.SQL function. So that's what I have done here. There are a few changes you will notice here. The first thing is that this is a delta table, not a parquet table anymore. And the second thing you would notice is a few new columns. So we'll start with the last two, which are created date and updated date. I have added them because now we are going to do merges. So we're going to have inserts as well as updates. Having these two new columns will help us do any kind of audits and find out what's happened to a record when it's updated or when it's being created and things like that. And the others, you will notice are race Id and driver Id because we are going to merge data into this table. We need to have the primary keys so that we can merge the data efficiently into the table. So for this table, you can consider the primary key to be race Id and driver Id, because for a particular race, a driver scores a number of points. So those are the two Ids which are primary keys. As you can see, I haven't brought in the team Id because I don't expect to have multiple teams with the same name. But in the case of Driver, we couldn't use driver name as the primary key because you could potentially have two drivers having the same name, that's why I brought in the driver Id here. Now that we've got the table, let's execute that and the tables being created. As you can see, I've also added if not exists here. So when you rerun the cell again, it's not going to fail. It will just simply skip through that and not create the table. So the next thing we want to do is to turn this into a merge statement. But as you know, in order to merge the data, we need to select the data from a table up front. So let me quickly open up another tab and show you what we did on our demo. So that's our Delta Lake demo. And let me search up for the merge statement with the SQL syntax. So that's what you would have. So you want to merge into a table that is our calculator results table, but you want to select the data from a table. So we've got four tables there if you can see. So these are the four tables we're going to select the data from. But it's easier when you have one table with the data and then you can update that based on the condition. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a temporary view with this results and then we will use the merge to use that view. So let me show you how that can be done. So instead of create table, I'm going to do create or replace temp view and I'm going to call this one as result updates. Or let's go race result updates. And we don't need to specify the using parquet, because it's just a temp view. And then we need to select the columns we need. We have the race year, team name and we said we want the driver Id. And the next thing we want to have is the race Id as we said. So I'm going to do races.race Id and that we need as well. And then we've got the points, position as well as the calculated points, there are no differences there. But previously we were using the use statement to specify the database name, but we need to qualify this one. So that's going to be a fun process. results. And they all look okay. One more thing we need to do is to filter on the file date. So we want to specify AND, as you know, the driver's table, constructor's table and the races of full loads. So we don't need to do any filters on them based on the file date. But results is the incremental data we want to limit on. So let's do results.file date and that's going to be the data being passed in. So in order to pass in the file date, which is a Python variable, we want to wrap it in Spark or SQL function. So let's do that. And now we can use that Python variable and that's going to be, file date or it's the v_file date. So now this Spark SQL should create that Temp view with the data only from the file date supplied. So let me execute this statement. Let's select the data from our Temp View and see whether we're seeing what we expect to see. So the data looks good here. Let's do a filter on race year. And I'm going to look for race year 2021, as you know, the cut over file from 21st March only had 2020 data, not 2021. So we shouldn't see any records here. And if you don't see anything, that's okay. So that's what's happened. So our view has got the right data we want to see. Let's delete that one. And now we need to write the merge statement. So I'm going to quickly copy the merge statement we got here in our demo and then use that to change or achieve what we want to achieve. So in our case, we got this table here, which is the presentation calculated race results. So I'm going to say merge into this one. So that's our target table and our source or the updates is coming from the View here. So we said, actually we want to join on the driver Id and the race Id, so I'm going to put that into the ON condition here. So that will be tgt.race Id equals upd.race Id. And also, actually, we're working on the ingested data, which has got camel case for driver Id's and all of those field names. So I've changed that as well. And then we want to say when matched, I want to do something. So as you know, when matched on those columns, we want to update certain things to the data, which is we want to update the position. So let's get that. So that will be tgt.position equals upd.position, and we want to update the points. Let's do that as well. And we want to update the calculated points. And let's do that as well. And we can leave this statement here. But we want to again, change that to updated_date. And when you do an update to the table, we are going to have the date updated with current timestamp. In order to do the insert, we need all the columns. So that will be race year, team name, driver Id and everything. So I'm going to quickly type that in. And we'll go up to created date. We don't really need the updated date because it's for an insert, we only want to populate the created date, so we can put that in here, that line's become too long, so I'll bring that here. And what we're saying is we're going to insert data into the table, calculate race results with the columns here being populated as below from our updates table. There is one thing that I have missed, actually, I haven't used the driver Id, but we are using driver Id for our updates now, but that's not part of the columns being inserted, so I'm going to quickly put that back in. So that will be insert into the table. And the column includes driver Id and the values are going to include driver Id as well. So that should give us the results we need. We don't need this create table statement anymore so we can delete that one that is from our old parquet. But before we execute the merge statement, I want to do a couple of counts. The first one is on the temp view that we created, so we should get the same number of records we are getting from the temp view in our presentation layer as well, which is our calculated results table. So I'm going to count the temp view first and then let's do the same on our final table as well, which is the calculate results table. So we got 1035 records from the temp view and we got no records in our final table. So let's run the merge statement and it should put the 1035 into our table. So I'm going to repeat the counts again so the merge is completed. So let's just repeat the count one more time. And as you can see, we merged the 1000 or 10,035, I should have said records into the calculated race results. So I want to do one more thing. So which is to rerun the entire notebook for the same day. But this time our merge should update the records rather than reinserting everything. So I'm going to just do a Run All and make sure that the counts don't go up or double up. Okay. As you can see, it's still the same number of records, which is what we expected. And we can run for the other two days now. But before we do that, I've just noticed that I'm being slightly inconsistent here. I've used the spark.SQL to invoke these SQLs, but this one I put a percentage SQL, I'm just going to make it consistent and just say I'm going to use spark.SQL and then I'm going to do f string as well. And let's run it for the next two days. So we processed the other two days as well, and each one of them had 10 records, so the record count's gone up by 20. So if you want to use the SQL style to do your merges and your creates and things like that, this is what you would do. If you wanted to partition the table, you could just apply partitions here as well, which we haven't done in this case. But you can just use the partition by syntax from the create table statement as well. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.