So let's talk about the systems manager parameter store. So it's a way for you to store configuration and secrets securely on AWS. You can store anything you want, such as API keys, passwords, configurations, and it's serverless. That means you have nothing to provide. It's scalable. It can respond to many API calls all the time. It's durable and it's very easy to use. On top of it, it's secure because you control access to each parameter in the parameter store using IAM. On top of it, your configurations can evolve, your parameters can evolve and so therefore you have version tracking and optional encryption. So we'll see in a second. But in the parameter store, our applications or our users can enter plain text configurations or encrypted configurations in which case it is encrypted with KMS. And so therefore you can manage and centrally store the configurations of many of your applications in one place. So I am in systems manager, and on the left hand side there is the parameter store. And as you'll see, it's extremely easy to use. So going to create a parameter and the name is going to be demo parameter. Then you can have a different tier, so standard or advanced. So the free one is standard. We'll use standard and then the type of parameter. So is it a string meaning it's a value that is, for example, a configuration or a list of values if you wanted to, or a secure string. And secure string is when you want to encrypt something in the parameter store because you're, for example going to add in API keys or passwords and so on. So in this case, using a secure string is much better. But for simplicity's sake, let's use a string. And so you can choose the data type, so it could be a text or an image of type EC2, but we'll use text and say, hey the string is my configuration parameter. And then that's it. You just create this parameter and there you go. In your parameter store you have this parameter named demo parameter that you can just click on and then retrieve the value of value. My configuration parameter on top of it. If you were to edit it, there would be different versions which is very helpful for tracking them over time. And that's it. The parameter store is a very simple service but a very helpful one in AWS. When you're done, you can just delete this parameter and you're back where you started. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.