So here I am in Amazon S3, and I'm going to go ahead and create a bucket. Now you will notice here that there's a region selected, which is Europe, Stockholm, eu-north-1. And this is because I have the region selection in here. So choose the region you want to create your bucket in, and we'll see that Amazon S3 still has a view over all your buckets across all regions. Now there's a bucket type that you may or may not see. So if you're in some regions where it's available, you will see general purpose or directory new. And over time, it will be in more regions. If you don't see it in your region, this is fine. The option you should choose if you see it is general purpose. And if you don't see this option, it will be automatically general purpose. So don't touch anything and don't feel alarmed if you don't see these options. Directory buckets are for a specific type of use case that is not covered at the exam, so I will not be talking about it. So if you see the screen, choose general purpose. If you don't see the screen, everything is fine, do not worry. Okay, so you choose a region, and next you need to choose a bucket name. And so if you enter a bucket name that is already taken, for example, tests, and you try all the way down to create your bucket, you're going to get an error saying that the bucket with the same name already exists. So your bucket name must be unique across all regions and all accounts ever created in AWS. This is why I name my buckets with something very, very personal. For example, it could be Stephane and then demo, S3, and I usually add version number, v5, because I've been creating this video many, many times over as the interface changes. So, stephane-demo-s3-v5 should be available, and they should have no errors. But if someone already took it, then I will need to change the name. Okay, so next for object ownership. Right now you have ACL disabled. This is recommended. This is a security setting. Don't worry about it. We'll leave it as a default. Now for blocking public access to this bucket, again, we'll leave this enabled. So we'll block all public access, and we want to have maximum security in our bucket, so only us can upload files to it. Next for bucket versioning. So we want to disable bucket versioning right now, and we'll see later on how to enable it. No tags are needed. And for default encryption, I'm going to use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed key. So all my objects are going to be encrypted, and I will choose the first option. We'll talk about encryption later on. And bucket key, I will enable it. So we'll leave, as you can see, all the settings as default. The only thing we have set, really, is the bucket name. So I'll go ahead and create my bucket. And now it has been successfully created. And you will see here in this UI all your buckets. If you have directory enabled, you will see also directory buckets, right now I have none. But your general purpose buckets are here. Right now, you should see one bucket if you just created this course. For me, I have 33 because I've been using my account quite a lot. And this will deploy buckets for all AWS regions, not just the one you're in right now, but all regions. As you can see, I have Ireland, London. I scroll down, I get us-east-1, Frankfurt, and so on. So all your buckets are going to be displayed here, and you can do a little search. For example, stephane-demo, and here is my bucket. So I'm going to click on it and have a look at it inside. And now in my bucket, I would like to start uploading objects because currently you have zero objects. So let's click on upload, and then we can add files. And navigate into your code, go into the S3 folder, and then you will find a coffee.jpg file. So choose this coffee.jpg file. As you can see, it's an image jpg, it has 100 kilobytes in size. And then the destination is S3 stephane demo, which is my bucket. Okay, so let's upload this file. We're done. So I can close this on the right-hand side. And now back into my S3 bucket. I can see the coffee.jpg file is under my objects. So I can do is now click on it and have more details around that file. So now that we are in the object page, we can have a look at a bunch of overviews. So a bunch of properties where it's been uploaded, the size, the type, and there's an object URL here. We'll be playing it in a moment. So how do we do this? So now we want to open this object and see if we can open it. We can view it because we have uploaded it onto our Amazon S3 buckets. Therefore, I'm going to click on open. And if I do click on open, as you can see, I can see my coffee.jpg file. So this is the one I have uploaded, and it is on the internet. Awesome, right? But if I go back to my overview and click on this object url over here. So I copy it, I paste it, and I enter it. As you can see, I get an access denied. And this access denied tells me that I cannot access my object using what's called the public URL. So you can see here, this public URL is not working, but this URL is working. So what's the difference? Well, this URL right here, if you have a look at it, the beginning is exactly the same, but then the rest is a very, very complicated and long URL, because it's called an S3 pre-signed URL. Why? Well, because this URL contains actually a signature that verifies that I am the one making the request, and therefore it has my credentials in it. And so because my credentials are encoded in this URL, then Amazon S3 says, "Well, Stephane is allowed to view his own object, therefore I will display it." So this public URL does not work, but this pre-signed URL with my own credentials works, and of course, this URL is only for me. So we'll see how to make that object public later on, so that the public URL will function as well. So let's go back into our bucket, the stephane-demo-s3. And I have one object, but I can create a folder. And this folder name may be called images. So we scroll down and create this folder. So now I have the images folder in my bucket. I can click on it, and within it, I can upload again a file. And this time, I will upload the beach.jpg file into, as you can see, the destination is my images folder within my S3 buckets. So let's upload this. Close this. As we can see now, we have the beach.jpg object within the images folder. And if I go one level up, we can see the folder here. So this looks just like, you know, the cloud storage service you used to know such as Google Drive or Dropbox, or whatever you want. Here, we have something very similar in terms of the user experience on Amazon S3. So, of course, I can go to images and I can delete this folder entirely. So this will delete everything within the folder. And to delete things, I just type permanently delete into the text inputs, delete my objects, and I'm good to go. So that's it for this lecture. We've seen how we can upload objects into Amazon S3. We've seen how we can open them in two different ways, creating folders, deleting folders, and so on. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.