Okay, so now let's talk about AWS Lambda. So if we use an EC2 instance, we have a virtual server in the Cloud, but we are bounded by the amount of memory and CPU power we give it. It is continuously running, even though sometimes we don't use it. And if we want to scale, we can use an Auto Scaling group, but that means that we need to add or remove servers over time. That may be a little slow, or they may be sometimes very complicated to implement. With Lambda, this is a new way to think about it. In this case, we don't have servers, we just have virtual functions. And these functions are limited by time. So they're intended for shorter type of executions. They will run on demand. So that means that whenever we run a function, it will be there to be run. But whenever we don't need a function, it will not be run and we will not be billed for it. And in case we need scaling, it's already automated as part of the Lambda service, and this is why Lambda is a very popular service from AWS. So the benefits of using AWS Lambda is that the pricing is, first of all, super easy. You're going to pay per request and per compute time. And the free tier is also very generous. So you get every month, 1 million Lambda invocations, and 400,000 gigabyte seconds of compute time. What this means is that you can run on Lambda some pretty good services for free. Now it is integrated with the whole AWS suite of services. So we have integration with so many of the services we've seen so far, and it is, very important, event-driven. So the functions will only get invoked by AWS when something happens, when an event happens or when needed. So that makes Lambda a reactive type of service, which is important going into the exam. It is fully integrated with many programming languages. You get easy monitoring through CloudWatch. We haven't seen what CloudWatch is, but it will be the monitoring solution in AWS. And finally, it's easy to get more resources per function. We can get up to 10 gigabytes of RAM per function, and if you do increase the RAM, it will also improve the CPU and the network quality. So all in all, very good. AWS Lambda can run many languages such as Node.js or JavaScript, Python, Java, C#, so either .NET Core or PowerShell, Ruby, and it supports many other languages through something called the Custom Runtime API, for example, it supports the Rust or the Golang languages through that. You also have the option to use containers on Lambda. So this is a container image, and you must implement what's called the Lambda Runtime API. Now, that may be too advanced from an exam perspective, but what I want you to remember is that there is a service named ECS or Fargate, and so to run container images, especially Docker images, it is always going to be preferred from an exam perspective to run them on ECS or Fargate versus Lambda, even though Lambda supports running some level of customized Docker images. So you don't need to remember all the languages, of course, for Lambda, but just remember that it has some level of support. The most important ones is going to be for sure Node.js and Python. Here is a very common use case of Lambda, which is to create a serverless thumbnail creation service. So say we have an S3 bucket and we add images in it, so our users are uploading a beach image into an S3 bucket. The S3 bucket will trigger a Lambda function once the image is uploaded, and that Lambda function will take that image and will change it to create a thumbnail. It will push the thumbnail back into Amazon S3. So a thumbnail is a smaller version of the image, or it will also push some metadata about the thumbnail into DynamoDB. That includes the image size, the image name, the creation dates, et cetera, et cetera. And all of this is fully event-driven and fully serverless. With S3, we don't provision servers. With Lambda, we don't provision servers, and with DynamoDB, as well, we don't provision any servers. So that is a great pattern because this serverless thumbnail creation will scale really, really well, and we will be able to not worry about provisioning servers to make it scale. Now, there's another very common use case for Lambda, which is to create a serverless CRON job. So CRON allows you to define a schedule, for example, every hour, every day, or every Monday, and based on that schedule to run a script. And by default, a CRON job is run on a Linux AMI, so on a Linux machine. But we are serverless, so we cannot provision an EC2 instance. So instead, we'll be using something called CloudWatch Events or EventBridge, and this service, that we'll see later on in this course, will be triggering every one hour our Lambda function to perform a task. And effectively, we have no servers in this because CloudWatch Events is serverless and Lambda is serverless, and so effectively we're launching a script every hour through a Lambda function. So I hope you can see now the trigger of it, the Lambda functions is really for serverless functions in the Cloud. Now, let's just talk about the pricing. So you can find the Lambda pricing at this URL, but it's very simple. You pay per call, so that means the first 1 million Lambda invocations are free, and then it's also very, very cheap. You're going to pay 20 cents per 1 million requests thereafter. You also going to pay for the duration. So the free tier, as I said, is 400,000 gigabyte seconds of compute time for free. And that means it's 400,000 seconds if the function has one gigabyte of RAM or 3.2 million seconds if the function has 128 megabyte of RAM. After that, you're going to pay $1 for 600,000 gigabyte seconds. So all in all, the bottom line is that it's going to be very cheap to run Lambda on AWS, and so it's a very popular service to run your serverless applications and websites. And going into the CCP exam, you need to remember that Lambda pricing is based on calls and duration. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.