Now let's talk about VPC and network security. So VPC is a concept that you should know in depth when you pass the AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate course or exam, and also the Certified SysOps Administrator exams. But for the Certified AI Practitioner level, you still should know about it but at a high level. So we'll learn in this lecture about VPCs, subnets, internet gateways, and NAT gateways. and we'll learn about VPC endpoints and PrivateLink. Usually when you will see an exam question related to VPC at this exam, the AI Practitioner level, then it's usually to deploy models privately or accessing AWS Services privately without going through that internet. And so I wanna give you the reason why this is the case and why we need it. So first of all, let's talk about VPCs and subnets. So VPC stands for Virtual Private Cloud, it's a private network for you to deploy your resources. So we have within the VPC, a subnet and they allow you to partition your network inside of your VPC. So here in a specific availability zone, we're going to have multiple subnets. For example, we can have a public subnet that's a subnet that is going to be publicly accessible from the internet. And we may have private subnets, there's subnets that are not accessible from the internet. And so for sometimes you may want to use a public subnet and deploy your application there. For example, if you deploy a website or a web application, you may want people to access your websites publicly. But then we also have private subnets and so this is for example, if you're doing internal data analysis. For example, if you want to analyze your S3 data with SageMaker, then you don't really need to have this application being accessible from the internet so therefore this is a security risk. So there is a need for public and private subnets. Now, if we look at a VPC in the cloud, VPCs are for each specific regions. And then you will have a IP range called CIDR Range but don't linger on this. And within it you'll have multiple availability zones usually. So each AZ will have a public and a private subnet, and another AZ will have another public and another private subnet. And this is called high availability because now you have multiple subnets over multiple availability zones. Now this is just a level you need to know, this is probably a little bit more but remember from this slide, we have multiple public subnets and multiple private subnets. So now how do we give internet access to these things? So if you have a public subnet, then automatically it's able to connect to the internet. And the way to do so is to use what's called an internet gateway. And so the public subnet will have a route to the internet gateway and therefore it will make our instances directly accessible from the web. But if we have instances in a private subnet, we may not want them to be accessible from the internet but we may want them to access the internet because well, we may want for example, to download data from the internet or update some libraries and so on. And so therefore, we may use something called a NAT gateway. And a NAT gateway will be used in a public subnet, deployed in a public subnet, and then accessed privately by the private subnet instances. And so the flow of information here is in one direction, meaning the private subnet resources can access the internet through the NAT gateway, but they're still not accessible from the internet. The internet cannot reach directly the private subnet, so this is good network security. So as we can see here, the public summit has an internet gateway, and the private summit will leverage a NAT gateway. Now, let's talk about VPC endpoints and PrivateLink, and this is what will come up the most at the exam. So by default when you're using AWS, anytime you're using an AWS Service, you are accessing it by default over the public internet. This is why when you go to the console, you are able to use all the services of AWS, that means that all the APIs are public. But sometimes you may want within AWS to deploy your application in private subnets. And as we said before, they may not have internet access. So for example, imagine there is no internet gateway and there is no NAT gateway, okay? So your applications really don't have internet access. But how do we make these application access our AWS Services? For this, we may want to use what's called the VPC endpoints and that allows us to access our AWS Services privately without going over the public internet. And these VPC endpoints are usually powered by it's called... By something that's called AWS PrivateLink so if you see at the exam, PrivateLink or VPC endpoints, they are pretty much the same. So the idea behind using VPC endpoints is that all the traffic remains within the network of AWS. So for example, let's have an application deployed in a private subnet in our VPC, and then we want to be able to invoke our Bedrock model. So how do we do this? Well, because we don't have access to the internet, we need to deploy a Bedrock VPC endpoint, which is going to be privately connected to our Bedrock service, this is why it's called, PrivateLink. And then our application is able to access resources within the VPC, so the Bedrock VPC endpoint, which is going to forward the request to the Bedrock model. But all these things happen within the network of AWS and privately. There is a special case for Amazon S3, something called an S3 Gateway Endpoint, which is an alternative to something called an S3 Interface Endpoint. And this allows you to access S3 data privately so there is, similarly, you don't need to know really the difference between gateway and interface at this level of the exam, so we'll just talk about a VPC endpoints. Again, we have a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3, and then it's connected directly privately to the Amazon S3 service. And then our SageMaker notebook can access Amazon S3 data through the S3 VPC endpoints, and that's it. And so we've seen the need for network security. We've seen private subnets to deploy applications with maximum security. And so therefore, because we have this, we've seen the need of using VPC endpoints and PrivateLink to access AWS Services internally. If you've understood this, you will rock any question about VPC at the exam. So that's it, I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.