All right. Now that we know more about buckets, let's talk about S3 objects here. Well, files uploaded to an S3 bucket are called objects, as I alluded to before. Now, an object is the basic unit of data inside of S3. It can be a file or a collection of data from your organization. Now, remember earlier when I talked about all the different files that you can store in S3? These would all be objects inside of your bucket. So, for example, if I upload an image, if I upload an MP4 or I upload a PDF, each individual, one of these objects is stored inside of our bucket. And of course that means it's stored inside of a particular region. So you can store any amount of objects inside of your bucket. So let's talk about objects at a high level here. So when you upload data to your S3, again, those are going to be called objects. And each individual object can be up to five terabytes in size. Now, even though we have a limit of five terabytes, we have unlimited storage inside of our bucket. There's no maximum bucket size for any of our buckets and there's no maximum to the limit of number of objects that we can actually place inside of our bucket. So there's no maximum size and there's no maximum number of objects. So we basically have an unlimited or a a bottomless bucket, if you will. Now, when we are writing data to Amazon S3, we have what's called write after read consistency for new objects. As I upload a new object to Amazon S3 into my bucket here, if I read that object immediately, I'm going to always get the latest version of that object because, well, that's the new object. Recently, Amazon also introduced what they call strong consistency for updates as well. In the past, Amazon S3 used to have what's called eventual consistency for updates. So if I had an object up there and I uploaded a new version of that object and I read that immediately, I may not get that updated version. I may actually get the older version because Amazon S3 still needed to replicate that new version across all of the devices, whereas stored from already. But now what they've introduced is strong consistency for updates. So as soon as I write an update to my object and I read that immediately, Amazon guarantees that I always get the latest version of that object. So you don't have to worry about eventual consistency anymore. That's an older concept. Now. You always have strong consistency for writing new objects and actually updating existing objects.