(gentle music) -: Hello. And welcome to this demo. In this demo, we're going to see how to create a pod using a YAML definition file. So in order to create YAML files, you can actually use any editor of your choice. You could even use just a Notepad, or Notepad Plus Plus, or Atom, or, there are multiple options available. In my case, I tend to use PyCharm or a tool from the JetBrains family. So I personally use PyCharm, which is actually a Python editor. And it has good support for YAML files. So I use JetBrain's PyCharm as my editor. If you'd like to use PyCharm, you can actually go to jetbrains.com and select PyCharm; jetbrains.com/pycharm. And when you click on Download, you can actually see there are two options. One is a professional version and another is a community version, which is free. So you can actually download this lightweight IDE, which is free to develop definition files. And later on, I will also show some tips and tricks around using this IDE, which will make your life developing Kubernetes definition files in YAML very easy. So there are ways that you can, there are plugins that will help you validate your file available with PyCharm. So we'll look at those as well. So to start with, I'm gonna create a new project. I'm going to call it as Pod. And I'm just going to create the project. So that's my folder named Pod. And under Pod, I'm going to start by creating a pod definition file. I'm going to name that pod-definition.yaml. And so now, I have one file. And as we saw in the lecture, every Kubernetes definition file has the four root-level properties, which are API version. So I'm going to specify each of those. So we have API version, kind, metadata, and spec. So as we discussed, API version is going to be V one for Pod. The kind as we know is pod. So I'm going to set that as pod. The metadata is an object or a dictionary. So I'm going to hit Enter, and then I'm gonna hit Tab, or you can actually use spaces as well. I'm going to provide the properties under metadata, which are name. And I'm gonna set a name for my pod, which is gonna be myapp-pod. And when I hit Enter, as you see, it goes to the next line, but it's indented, it has equal number of spaces than the previous line. And I'm gonna have labels. And under labels, so since labels is a dictionary, again, I'm going to indent the next few lines to the right as well. Under labels, I have app. And the name of the app is going to be MyApp. Now, if you look at this whole file and if you look at the bottom, PyCharm has support for understanding YAML files. So if you look at the bottom, you can actually see the various elements in a tree structure. So as you can see, document one of one indicates this in the entire file. And under this file, it actually shows you in three structure the various properties. So you have API version, which is directly under the file. Kind, metadata, and spec are all directly under the file or root properties of the file, which is what we wanted. And if you look at V one, V one is actually under API version. So now, as you can see, under the document I have API version. And under that I have V one. So that matches what we are trying to do. Similarly, if I select pod, you can see that it's under kind. And if you select name, which is under metadata, you can see that it's under metadata. Similarly, when you select labels, you will also see that it is under metadata. So that means name and labels are children of metadata. And so they are siblings. And they must be indented. They must have the same indentation. So under name, you have myapp-pod. So you can see the hierarchy there. Similarly, app is under labels. And MyApp is under app, which is under labels. Now, if you look at it, name and labels need to be on the same vertical line. For now, if I simply move labels to the right, you now see that labels is under names. And labels is now a child of name, which is not right. It's suppose to be a sibling. So I'm gonna remove those extra spaces. I'm gonna hit backspace. And it's, I'm going to level it. So this is right. And under labels, you can actually have as many labels as you want. So you can create any key value pair here. You can say cost center is Amer; location, North America or something like the type of this particular pod. Maybe a frontend or something like that. So anything that will help you group this particular pod in the future. For now, I'm just going to remove all of that. And I'll now move on to the spec section. Under the spec section, remember, the spec section is unique to each object that you're creating. So for pod, under the spec section, you actually have containers. And under containers you have, the containers is in fact an array or a list. So you have a list of items. So you need, each item in the list is identified by a dash. So notice you have to put a dash, followed by a space, and then name, which is the name of my pod, sorry, the name of my container inside the pod. And that's going to be NGINX control container. And then I have image, which is the name of the image itself, which is NGINX. So if you look at it, under respect, I have containers, which is a list. And then I have an item in the list, which has name and image. Now, if you try and look at the hierarchy of what we just created, say, if I select name, I see that it's under spec and it's our containers, but there's something in between, which says item one of one. What that actually means is that's what indicates that the container is a list and it has multiple items. And this is the first item of just one item. So these two lines is one item in the containers. Similarly, you can have, we know that we discussed that you can have additional containers in a pod. So if you had additional containers, then this is how you would define it. In the new line, you would add a new dash, followed by information about the new pod, which could be a backend container. And the image is, could be something like Redis or something. So in this case, now, when it's name, you can actually see that says item two of two and then one of two. So now, it actually identifies each item in the array or the list. So that indicates that our format is correct and that is what we were trying to do. I'm just gonna get rid of the second container. I'm gonna leave it as one container per pod. So this is good. I'm now going to copy the contents of this and create an actual pod using the content that we just created. So I'm gonna go to the cube master. I'm gonna create a folder structure for my demos. So I'm gonna call it Demos. And under Demos, I'm gonna create a folder called Pod. And under Pod, I'm gonna create a file named pod-definition.yaml. And I will paste the contents that I just created. So what I now, I'm gonna verify the contents of the file. I can now run the cube-control get pods command. Before I create the pod, I just wanna make sure there's nothing running. So if you're following me from the previous lab where I deploy the pod using the cube-control run command. That's the part that's still running. So I'm gonna get rid of that using the cube-control delete deployment command. So that's gone. When I now run the cube-control get pods command, I see that there are no resources found. I can now create a new pod using the cube-control create pod definition.yaml command. And I see that a new pod, myapp-pod, is created. When I run the cube-control get pods command, I see that it's in the process of creating the container. And I will now monitor it. And when I run it again, I see that it's in a running state. Well, that's it for this lecture. In the next demo, we're going to look at some tips and tricks around working with YAML files in PyCharm. Thank you for your time. And I will see you in the next demo. (gentle music)