-: Okay, so let's go over the solution for the labs on pods. So in this lab we're gonna get familiar with pods. So the first question is how many pods exist on the system? Now we know that we can get the information about pods using the Kubectl Get Pods command. That's what we learned. So we're gonna run the Kubectl Get Pods Command. And you can ignore this line here that says in the current default name space. So we're gonna talk about name spaces in one of the upcoming lectures. So you don't have to worry about that for now. This is for those who already know what a name space is. If you know, then just make sure you're checking the number of pods in the current default name space. Okay, so when we're on Kubectl Get Pods command we see the result is zero. There are no resources found. So we're gonna select zero here. Okay, so the next is a task. So we've got to create a new pod with the Engine X image. So to create a pod the easiest way is to run the Kubectl Run command and we specify the image. So we have to specify a name and an image. So if you're not sure about the syntax run the Help command. And we see it's the name of the pod followed by the image this format. So we're gonna run that. Kubectl Run and since there's no specification about the name of the pod. So we could basically name it anything but the image name has to be the next. Okay, so the pod is created. Okay, now how many pods are created? Now we've created a few more pods, so please check again. So let's run the Kubectl Get Pods command. Okay, so in addition to the Engine X pod that we created there are a few other parts that were created by us basically. So there are in a total 1, 2, 3, 4 parts at the moment. So let's select four. What is the image used to create the new pods? And you must look at one of the new pods in detail to figure this out. So let's pick one of the pods, this one. And we know that to look at it in detail, we've got to run the Kubectl describe that. Okay, so now we have additional details about the pod. So this is the name of the pod and you have the start time and a number of other details. So the question is, what is the image used to create the new pods? So we know that this tells us the containers. And here you have the image. And the image is Busy Box. So I select Busy Box. Okay, now which nodes are these pods placed on? You must look at all the pods in detail to figure this out. So one way to do this is we've already run the Kubectl Describe Pod command, and we can see that this is on node Control Plane and we could actually run the the Describe command against each pod. So that's one way to figure that out. Another way and an easier way to just run Kubectl Get Pods command with the right option. And here you get to see the node and it says Control Plane. So all of the new pods are created on the Control Plane node, select Control Plane. Okay, and how many containers are part of the pod web app? So there's a new pod created. The next one, Get Pods command to see web app. Okay, so if you look at this column right here it shows us the total number of containers part of the pod. So this number right here is a total number of containers. So that's one way to figure that out or will always run the Describe command to see that in detail. So here you see containers and then you have one container here it's Engine X and the other one right here. So those are the two containers, so select two. Then you have what images are used in the new web app pod. You must look at all the pod in detail to figure this out. Actually it should be you must look at all the containers in detail. So here you have two containers and, if you look at, if you look here you see that the image for Engine X is Engine X and the one for Agent X is called Agent X. So there's Engine X and Agent X. Those are the images used for those containers. So this one, okay, now what is the state of the container? Agent X, the pod web app. So if you look at the container here and you see there are there is a state and it is in a waiting state at the moment. So out of these it's not running ready your success is actually error or waiting. So this is the state. Okay, now why do you think the container Agent X in pod web app is in an error or waiting state? So try to figure it out from the event section of the pod. So if you look at one of the section here, under State you have the reason called as error image pull. Or if you just look at it below here in the event section, you can see the error. Just basically this one, it says fail to pull image Agent X and at doppler.io/libraries/agentX. So this image by the name Agent X does not exist. And that's basically the reason that its failing. So the correct answer is a Doppler image with this name doesn't exist on Doppler hub. Okay, now what does the ready column in the output of the Kubectl Get Pods command indicate? So if you go up here you have the output of the Get Pods command and here you see you have 1/1 here and then you have 1/2. So what does this mean? Now we know that this is the total containers within the pod and this is basically of course, the ones that are ready. So at the moment there's only one ready out of the two. And we know that because this image does not exist. And of course that's why that container isn't ready yet. So it's basically the total containers that are ready slash just the total containers within the pod. So that's total containers in the pod or running containers in the pod slash total containers in the pod. So that's the correct answer. Okay, so the next task is to delete the web app. So let's run the Kubectl Delete command and delete the web app pod. Okay, that's deleted. Let's go to the next one. Create a new pod with the name Redis and with the image Redis 1, 2, 3. And the recommendation is to use a pod definition YAML file, and the image name is wrong. Yeah, so the image name is wrong. So we could do this in two ways. So as we know, we could run the Kubectl Run command and the name of the pod is Redis and the name of the image is Redis 1 2 3. You can basically just create it like this. But we just wanna get familiar with generating the YAML file and creating it with the pod definition file. So let's use the dry run option and output the the command in a YAML format. Okay, so, this is basically command, and it says the Dry Run command is deprecated and is replaced with the Dry Run = Client. So let's run that. Okay, so this is the YAML file. So let's direct it to a file. We'll call it Redis.YAML So we have the YAML definition for that pod in this file. So we're now going to create the pod using the Kubectl Create or Apply command. So let's go with the Create command. Okay? So it's created, let's verify that it's created. Okay, so it's created and it's in an error image pool state because we have the wrong image name. So that's fine. Let's click on check. Okay, successful. And the last question for this lab is to change the image on this pod to Redis, to fix that error that we, you know, purposefully created. And to get the pod in a running state. So again, there are two ways to do that. You could run the Kubectl Edit command to edit the pod. Or since we already have the Redis file we could just go in and changed the file and update it. So let's go and do that. Okay, I've changed the image name. I'm just going to apply the changes. Okay, let's check status Now we'll talk about this error message later when we talk about imperative commands and the declarative way that we apply. But for now, let's stick to the basics and let's just make sure the change was successful, right? So when you run Kubectl Get Pods command we see that the pod is in a running state. So, check? All right. Okay, so that's the end of the lab. Lets hit the End Lab button. And I'll see you in the next one.