Instructor: Okay, in this video, we will go over the solution for the lab on namespaces. Okay, so the first question is, how many namespaces exist on the system? For this, we run the kubectl get namespaces command. You could also run the kubectl get ns command. That's the short form for namespaces. Okay, so the question is, to identify the number of namespaces. So you have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. So, there are ten namespaces. Okay, the next question is, how many pods exist in the research namespace? So, to look at the pods, we know that, we run the kubectl get pods command. But, to look into a particular namespace, we specify the namespace option, and the namespace we got to look to is research, so that's the research namespace. So, there are two pods. Another way to do this, if you don't wanna type the full option, is to just use the dash N, and that's two. Okay, so the next question is, create a pod in the finance namespace using the spec command below. So, we know that, to create a pod, we run the kubectl run command, then we pull the name, which happens to be Redis, and the image is Redis as well. But, we don't wanna create it in the default namespace, so if I run this command, it's going to create the pod in that default namespace, but we wanna create it in the finance namespace. So, you've got to use the namespace option, and then specify finance. Okay, and then we run the get pod command, again, in the finance namespace, to make sure that the pod is created. Yep. Okay, so the next question is, which namespace has the blue pod in it? So, we know that running the get ns command lists all the name spaces, and one thing we could do is just go through each name space as we did here, and identify and look for that pod. Or, another option is, we do have a command called kubectl get pods dash dash all name spaces, and this lists the pods in all namespace. So, you have the namespace here, and you have the pods here. And, from here, we can identify the blue pod, and it's in the marketing namespace. Another option is, instead of typing in all namespaces we just do a dash capital A, and that also gives you the same output. So, blue is in the marketing namespace. Okay, so the blue application is available for us to access, and it can be accessed using the link by your terminal, so let's click on that. So, this is the blue application, and it's a simple web application that can be used for connectivity tests. So, let's click on okay, and the question is, what DNS name should the blue application use to access the database DB service in its own namespace? So, if we run the kubectl get cloud command in the marketing namespace, we see that it has the blue application, there's a Redis DB, but I believe there's also, there's a service, called DB service, within the same namespace. So, how does the blue application access the DB service? So, we've learned that if it's within the same namespace, an application can access another service just by using its name. So, we can test it in this interface, so it's DB service and the port number is 6379, so that's where it is. Let's click on test, and that's success, so we could just refer to it as DB service, if it's within your own namespace. The next question is, what DNS name should the blue application use to access the database DB service in the dev namespace? So, there's another name space called dev, and there's a service there too, so there are two services by the name DB service. One is in the marketing, and the other is in the dev namespace. So, an application blue in the marketing namespace can access the application or service in the dev namespace, but for that you've got to use the full address of that service. That includes the namespace service. So, that's DB service.dev, that's the namespace, and then you have svc.cluster.local, and we can try that here. So, that is the namespace. As we see the cluster.local, click on test. That's correct, so let's select that. Yep, and that's the correct answer. Right, that's the end of the lab.