Presenter: Okay, in this video, we're going to walk over the solution for the lab on services. So, the first question is, how many services exist on the system? So, we're gonna run the "kubectl get service" command, or you could also run the "kubectl get svc" command. It's short for service. And, we can see that there's just one service. So, select that. So, this is a default service created by Kubernetes. Okay, so what is the type of the default Kubernetes service? If you look at the type here, we see that it's ClusterIP. So, let's select ClusterIP. And, we'll look at what this service is, in particular later, when we talk about the Kubernetes architecture, the API server in more detail. But for now, let's just consider it as any other service. So, what is the target port configured on the Kubernetes service? So, for this, you've got to look at the service in more detail. So, we're gonna do "kubectl describe" command, and we're gonna describe the service named Kubernetes. So, here we see the port details. So, the port is 443, the target port is 6443. So, the question is, what is the target port? So, we'll select 6443. Okay, how many labels are configured on the Kubernetes service? So, if you look at this right here, so there are two labels. Component is API server, and the provider is Kubernetes. So, this service is, basically, the Kubernetes API server. We'll discuss more about the API server, and this service specifically, when we learn about the API server in detail. And then, the CK of course, when we get to that. So for now, the answer is two. Okay, the next question is, how many endpoints are attached on the Kubernetes service? So for now, we have no idea what the service is, since the service was already created. We don't really know what it is, so we are kind of exploring and finding out more about it. But, one thing if we want to look at right here, and understand is, how many pods is the service directing traffic to? So, that's what you can see here, in the endpoints section here. So, endpoints, it says there's just one IP and port. So, that's one endpoint. If there are multiple pods that the service is directing traffic to, then there would be multiple ports here. Let me quickly explain what endpoints are, because we have not really discussed about endpoints. Okay, so here we have a service, and three pods. And, what we do usually is, when we create a pod we know that it has a label to it. So, let's say for example, it's set to app and FE, for front end or something. And, the way that we create a service, in order to direct traffic to these pods, is we provide the same labels as selectors to the service. And then, what the service does, is it identifies all the pods with the same label, and then directs traffic to those pods. So, once it identifies the pod with the labels, that's when the service has these endpoints. So, from the perspective of a service, endpoints are basically these, the pods. The pods that the service has identified, that it's going to direct traffic to, based on the selectors specified on the service and the labels on the pods. Now, when we create a service for a set of pods, and we might think that depending on the label and the selector we specified, the service is going to direct traffic to those pods, but it might be possible that we have another pod, which we accidentally created with the same kind of label. So, the service is then going to direct traffic to that pod as well. So, and that's when, when we look at the the output of the "kubectl describe" command, that we can identify the additional endpoints, apart from what we thought we had configured. Right, so we're gonna see, when you look at the "kubectl describe" command for the service, we're gonna see that there are four endpoints. But, in fact, our application was, had a replica set, perhaps, that just had three endpoints, or three pods. So, that's where this, the endpoint can help. And, just to give you a bit more context. So, let's say we create, we have a single pod and we create a service. We set a label to FE, but we accidentally set the selector to, say, FR, something that's different. And then, when we try to access the service, we're not able to get through to the application. And, that's when you look at the description of the service and you realize that the endpoints are zero. So, that means the service has not identified any pods. Right? So, and then that's when we can look at the labels and selectors in more detail to identify the root cause. So, that's what endpoints are. It's nothing but, it's a specification of all the pods that that particular service has identified, based on the selectors and the label set on those pods. Okay, so in this case, this particular Kubernetes service has just one endpoint. So, we're gonna select one here. Okay, the next question is, how many deployments exist on the system now, in the current default namespace? So, let's identify, deploy. There's just one deployment, so we're gonna select one. Okay, so the next question is, what is the image used to create the pods in the deployment? So, we're gonna look at the deployment in a bit more detail, and we see the image is codecloud/simple-web-app-red. So, that's this one. Okay, are you able to access the web app UI? Try accessing the web application UI using the tab at the top. So, there's the link here, and clicking on it, we see that it gives us a bad gateway error. So, the answer is no, we're not able to access the web app UI. So, and that's really because there's no service, right? So, we have to create a new service to access the web application using the service-definition.yaml file. So, there is a service-definition.yaml file here, and we look at it. So, this is, basically, a kind of a file with the basic framework to create a service. So, we will use that, and update the details that are given here. Right, so we're gonna set it, give it a name, so the node port and all the different ports. Also, specify the selector. Now, if you're not sure about, you know, getting this framework, you could go to the Kubernetes documentation pages. Search for service, and select service. And here, you, kind of, get a sample that you can then copy and use. So, we will talk about imperative ways, or commands, to create service in the upcoming lectures. For now, let's just go with this. So, the name is web app service. Type is node port. Target port is 8080. Port is 8080. Node port is 30080. And, the selector name is simple web app. Okay, let's create that service. Okay, that's done. Let's check. Yeah, let's try to access this now. Okay, so that's working. So, as I said, in the upcoming lectures, there is a section where we talk about imperative commands, and we'll discuss how we can create a service. So, there are different ways of creating a service, and we'll discuss about that when we get there. For now, that's the end of this lab.