-: Okay, in this video we will go over the practice test for imperative commands. And so in this lab, we'll get hands on practice with creating Kubernetes optics imperatively. And this is more for, more to help with your exams. So you must be very familiar with imperative commands while you're preparing for the exam. Okay, so let's, let's proceed. So the first task is to deploy a pod named NGINX pod using the NGINX Alpine image. So that, we've done before, it's easy. So it is kubectl run to create a pod, and the name is NGINX pod, and the image is NGINX Alpine. So check it. Okay, That's correct. The next one, deploy a Redis pod using the Redis Alpine image with the labels set to tier DB. So that's, that's similar task but with an additional field. So if you look at the kubectl run command, let's see if there's an option to specify the labels. So if you look at this, there are some examples here. This is what we just did. And here, you have an option to specify the labels. So dash, dash, labels, equals, and then here's the key value pairs. And you can have multiple labels. You can specify multiple labels separated by a comma. So we're gonna use that approach. So let's run the kubectl run command. The name, the pod is Redis. Image is, Redis Alpine, and we're gonna add some labels. And then the label is tier equals DB. Okay, so that's good. So the next one is to create a service called Redis service to expose the Redis application within the cluster on board 6379. So the service name has to be Redis service, the type is cluster IP, and the port is 6379. So for this, we could run the kubectl, create service command. Let's look at the help. So if it is within the cluster, then it's cluster IP. So we could run the cluster IP. That will create service, cluster IP, Let's click on help. And then you specify the name of the service and the port here, which happens to be 6379. So one of the thing here, is that, we want to expose the Redis application, right? So with this command, there's no way to specify a selector. There's something that we, we discussed in this lecture, right? So if you look at this, there are three ways to create a service. So this is to create a service named Redis service of cluster IP, and we could do a kubectl create service command, but then you cannot really specify the selectors, right? Or you could do a kubectl expose command. So ideally for most, for most use cases you could use the kubectl expose command. And because it will automatically detect the, uh, labels and then use that as selectors for the service, right? So that's, that's the most ideal. The only time you could, you should use kubectl create service is when you need to specify a particular node port, right? So, uh, here you have an example of creating a node port service. There are two ways to do it, with the expose command, and the create service command. But as of this recording, there is no way to specify a node port in the command. So you have to export that to an IML file and edit it for creating it. Or if you go the other approach, then there's, you cannot specify the selector. So that's, that's a challenge here. So here, what we're going to do is, we're going to use the exposed command. If you look at the help, these are some examples. So we're gonna specify expose, and the application is Redis. So we don't know if it's a pod or deployment, so let's find that out first. So it's, it's a pod, so it's Redis pod. So we're gonna do kubectl, expose. Instead of RC we're gonna do a pod or a PO. And then the name, this, I remember that this is the name of the pod and not the service that we wanna create. So the pod has to be Redis. And this should be a way to specify the name of the service, which is using name. So we're gonna use name, and specify it as Redis service. And then, of course, we also have to specify the port. And the port is this one, which is 6379. Okay? So that's, that's what we are going to do. Kubectl, expose, and Redis, and then we're gonna specify the port, which is 6379. You also need to specify a name. That will be Redis service. Okay, I missed specifying pod. So let that in, now let's check it out. Hit service, Redis. So hit Redis service. So that's the Redis service. Let's see if it's got the right labels and selectors, and also the endpoint. The labels is tier equals DB. So it's automatically picked that up, and the endpoints indicates that it's automatically discovered the pod. So let's check. Okay, that's good. Okay, the next one is to create a deployment named Web App using the image with three replicas. So we're going to do kubectl, create deployment command. And the name of the deployment is Web App. Image is, just gonna copy and paste. And then replicas is, is three. Oops. And I forgot to specify the dashes. Yep. We're going to check. Okay, so there are, there's zero of three ready. Okay, three of three ready. Okay. So the next one is to create a new pod called custom NGINX, using the NGINX image and expose it on container port 80 80. So we know that to create a pod, we have kubectl, run command, and the name of the pod is custom NGINX. And then the image is NGINX and we have to expose it on container port 80 80. So we're talking about specifying the port on the container. So we just use port and specify the port number. We're not really talking about exposing the port by creating a service. This is just specifying what port the container runs the service on. And you can do that with the port option. Okay, let's check our work. That's correct. Okay, the next one is to create a new name space called DEV NS. So that's pretty easy and straightforward. Kubectl, create, namespace, DEV NS. Okay, the next one is to create a new deployment called Redis Deploy in the DEV NS namespace. So we're gonna do kubectl, create deployment, and it's, the name is Redis Deploy. The image is Redis. Replicas is two. So you could do equals two or space two, either of that work. And then, the namespace is DEV NS Let's make sure that worked as expected. So we have the Redis deploy within the DEV NS namespace, and it has two replicas. Let's check our work. Okay. That's correct. Okay. So the final question is, to create a pod called ACTPD using the image ACTPD Alpine in the default namespace, and then create a service of type cluster IP by the same name. The target port for the service should be 80. So try to do this with as few steps as possible. So there are two ways of doing this. One is, you could first do a kubectl, run command, and create the, the pod. And then we know that we could use the kubectl expose command to create a service, but we can actually combine them both in the run command itself. So that's done using, so let's first create a, a pod. So we do a kubectl run ACTPD, that's the name of the pod. And the image is supposed to be ACTPD Alpine. And then we have, it's the default namespace, so we don't have to specify the namespace. And the target port is 80. And what we're asked to do is also create a service. One of the options for the wrong command, you're looking to help is the exposed option. So if you look at, if you look right here it has the expose option, and it's by default, set default. So if it's set to true, a, a create a cluster IP service associated with the pod, it requires the port field. So it's automatically going to create a service with the cluster IP type, and it's going to expose the pod internally. So yeah, so that's, so that's what we have to do. So we're going to, it's the same command, but we're going to add the expose those two options to the end of it. Okay. So it's, it's created to pod and a service. Let's just verify that. So, we have the ACTPD pod, we have the ACTPD service, and if we look at this service in more detail, we see that it has got the selector, run equals ACTPD and then it also has the endpoint discovered. Okay, So that's, that's corrected, right? So that's the, the end of this lab.