Okay, so let's get into EMR. EMR stands for Elastic MapReduce, and they help you create Hadoop clusters to do big data in the AWS Cloud. The idea is that you would use EMR if you're doing a migration from on-premise and many companies have an on-premise Hadoop cluster and they wanna migrate these jobs onto AWS to take advantage of the cloud. So usually it's about elasticity. So the clusters can be made of hundreds of EC2 instances, so that gives you a lot of scale to process data. But then as soon as you're done, you're more than welcome to shut down your EMR cluster, and that saves you a lot of cost as well. So EMR is a natural fit to migrate your Hadoop clusters from on-premise onto AWS. EMR is going to be launched in the big data ecosystem, so it's going to be made of Apache Spark, HBase, Presto, Flink, Hive, et cetera, et cetera. The idea is that usually Hadoop clusters are quite complicated to create and configure, but with EMR, all the provisioning and the configuration of the EC2 instances is done for you. You just specify what you want and you get it very quickly. You also get auto-scaling capability with CloudWatch, and the use cases for EMR very classically is data processing, machine learning, web indexing, big data, basically anything you need to process at scale. Now, EMR has a few integrations you need to remember going into the exam. So EMR is launched within a VPC and it is within a single availability zone. So you have your EC2 instances and they have EBS volumes, and you can have many of that, and the EBS volumes are running something called HDFS for Hadoop distributed file system, and that gives you temporary storage for your EC2 instances in your cluster. But if you want to have long-term retention of data, you need to use something called EMRFS, which has a native integration into S3, and S3 obviously is going to be a more durable type of storage because it is multi AZ, and that gives you permanent storage, and you can also define server side encryption. So as we can see, any EBS volume is going to be high performance for temporary storage and for your computations, but as soon as you need to process your data into something that's going to be multi AZ, use EMRFS and S3. As you can see, everything is launched in your EMR cluster within a single AZ, because you get natural better networking performance and lower cost, but obviously because it is within a single AZ, in case you lose your AZ, you would lose your data. Then we can run something like Apache Hive on EMR, and there is a module that has been developed for Hive to directly read data from a DynamoDB table, so in case you want to analyze all your DynamoDB table, you can do so from EMR by using Hive. Okay, next, very important, you need to understand how you can optimize your cost in EMR. So Amazon EMR is made of clusters of EC2 instances and you have different kind of nodes. You have the master node, and the master node manages the cluster. It will coordinate and manage the health of all your other nodes, and it must be long running. Then you have the core node. They're here to run tasks and also store data, and they must be long running as well. And then you have this task node, which is there just to run tasks, and usually you can take spot instances for it and using task node is optional. So the purchasing options really depends. If you have the on-demand EC2 instance type, then you're going to get reliable, predictable type of workloads, and it will never be terminated. If you use reserved instances, and remember it's minimum one year of usage, then you're going to get big cost savings and EMR will automatically use your reserved instances if possible, and therefore good candidates for reserved instances are going to be the master node, because it must be long running, and also the core nodes. And regarding spot instances, well, because they can be terminated, they're less reliable, but they're cheaper, and so a good way for you to leverage spot instances would be on task nodes. Finally, for EMR in terms of deployment, you can have either long running clusters, which would make sense than using reserved instances, or you can use transient temporary clusters to just do something and then tear it down once the analysis is done. Okay, next you have the instance configuration. So you have uniform instance groups, where you select a single instance type and purchasing option for each node, and that has auto scaling. So in this example you say, okay, the master needs to be on demand or spot, the cores, I want two, and to be on-demand or spot, and the task node, I want C4X large, D2X large, that kind of things, and you say on demand spot. So this is very helpful, and it's called a uniform instance group. A difference, the other type of EMR instance configuration is called an instance fleet, where you select a target capacity and you will mix instant types and purchasing options, and this has node auto scaling as of today. So in this example you're saying, okay, my master is going to be an on-demand, my core can be a bunch of different instances, and six of them needs to be on demand, and 10 of them needs to be spot, and same for my tasks. So you have more... It's a spot fleet basically for EMR, so that's the best way to describe it. So it's just two purchasing options. The first one has auto scaling, the second one does not have auto scaling for now, but the idea is that on the left hand side, you choose the instance type in advance, and on the right hand side, you just specify a mix of on-demand and spot fleet, and a bunch of different instance types you can choose from and EMR will provision that cluster for you. I don't think the exam will go into that level of details, but it's good for you to know as a solution architect that these two options are available. Okay, so that's all you need to know for EMR. I hope you like this lecture, and I will see you in the next lecture.