Okay, so let's take a step back and have a look at how we can view running jobs on AWS. So the first strategy is to provision an EC2 instance for long running jobs, and you wanna run CRON jobs there. So this is good, and this works for those who know CRON, but the problem is that it's not highly available, it's not scalable, if that EC2 instance goes down, you have problems, so it's really not a great strategy and something that's, as a social architect, you should never vouch for. The second architecture is to use something like Amazon EventBridge and Lambda. So this is a way to get a serverless CRON job because EventBridge can have a rule to invoke and lend a function every hour, and then the functions are purely serverless. So you're limited by Lambda function capabilities in terms of run time, in terms of time before timeout, and so on. But this is a great solution, and AWS is going to push you for that as many times as possible, if possible. Option number three is to have some kind of reactive workflow. So to get a Lambda function invoked by events happening within AWS. So of course EventBridge is a great one in case you want events happening within many different AWS services. But also S3 emits its own kind of events for new object creations, for example. API Gateway can also invoke Lambda functions, SQS and SNS can also be sources of data and invocations for Lambda function, et cetera, et cetera. This is reactive because as soon as something happens in your infrastructure you react to it by running Lambda function. The strategy for us to use batch. So for longer running jobs, for full lock containers you can use Event Bridge with batch two. For example, in Invoca batch job, every three hours, thanks to Rule with time based events in Van Bridge and Batch for long running workloads. The certified is to use Fargate. So Fargate is more bare bones than batch. Batch has a bit more capabilities, more scalability in terms of like how to run a batch job, but you can also use Fargate as a target of Abridge to just run a container very quickly. Or strategy six. If you wanna run very long jobs on mostly like big data jobs then using emr Elastic Map produce is going to be good if you have like step execution or you need to cluster and run this kind of big data workloads. So let's say, hopefully that makes sense. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.