Okay, so now we're getting into data warehousing. And for this we have Amazon Redshift. So Redshift, as you may know, it is based on PostgreSQL, but it is not used for OLTP. OLTP is online transaction processing. And RDS is a much better choice for this. For Redshift, it is OLAP. So online analytical processing, and this is obviously when you want to do, analytics and data warehousing. The idea with Redshift, the cell point, at least it like it has better performance than other data warehouses and it can scale to petabytes of data. The particularity of Redshift is that the data is not stored as a row, it is stored as a column. So it's called a columnar storage of data. And the reason it is so is that if you want, for example, to sum or do the average of a column, then it can read all the values at once. And so it's very efficient in that regards. So this is why Redshift is great for OLAP and not OLTP. There is a engine called Massively Parallel Query Execution or MPP, which allows you to perform queries and distribute them across so many Redshift nodes in your cluster and get the best performance out of it. You now have two modes to run your Redshift cluster. You can have a provision cluster, which is on demand servers that you provision ahead of time, or now you have a serverless cluster. If you don't want to manage any of the infrastructure, it has a SQL interface for performing the queries. So it is standard and you can plug in some tools such as AWS QuickSight, or Tableau to integrate with Redshift and create some dashboards. And Redshift will be running the queries very, very quickly. So your dashboards are very responsive. Okay, so Redshift, how do we load data into it? Well, number one, you can load it from S3 using a copy command. We can use Kinesis' data Firehose to load data into Redshift near real time. We can integrate with DynamoDB or use DMS database migration service to load data into Redshift. Cluster can be really, really big. So you can have hundreds of nodes. Okay, the number is 100 plus. It can change over time, obviously it can increase and each node can have up to 16 terabytes of space. And again, that number could increase over time. But what this means is that you can get really massive scale for your Redshift clusters. You can provision multiple nodes and you have single AZ support for most of Redshift clusters. But for some types of cluster, you now have a multi AZ option, which gives you failover capabilities in case you experience a disaster in one specific AZ. So you have two types of node in Redshift, you have the leader node, which is here for doing query planning and aggregate any results from the compute node. And the compute node are gonna be here for performing the queries and they're going to send the results back to the leader. Redshift is a managed service and therefore we get backup and restore facility. It's launched within the VPC. So we have VPC enhancements, IAM security for accessing the cluster, KMS security for encryption of the data and monitoring through CloudWatch. There is this thing called the Redshift enhanced VPC routing, which is to make sure that your copy and unload goes directly through the VPC. So it gives you better performance and lower cost. Finally, remember, Redshift is something you have to provisioned, so it's only worth it when you have a sustained usage of your cluster. If your queries are sporadic instead, Athena is going to be a much greater, better choice. Okay, now let's talk about from an architectural perspective, the snapshots and disaster recovery. This is very important, you know this going into the exam. So snapshots are going to be point in time backups of a cluster and they're going to be internally stored into Amazon S3. And anytime you redo a snapshot, it's going to be incremental. So only what has changed in your Redshift cluster will be saved. And the cool thing is that you can restore a snapshot into a new cluster. So it's not an old cluster that you can restore a snapshot into. You have to create a new cluster from a snapshot. So we have two kinds of snapshots. The first one are automated snapshots, and they happen every eight hours or every five gigabytes of data is changed in your cluster or on the schedule that you set. And you're going to set a retention for your snapshot, for example, 30 days. And after 30 days, your snapshots will be automatically removed. And then if you want to have very long term storage of your data for as a snapshot, then you create a manual snapshot. And in that case, the manual snapshot is retained until you delete it. So this is very, very similar to how RDS works. There's one cool thing though with Redshift is that you can configure Redshift to automatically copy your snapshots either automated or manual to another AWS region. And that is really, really cool because in case you are creating a disaster recovery strategy and you're saying, okay, my Redshift warehouse needs to be recovered into another region very quickly, then you know you can copy automatically your snapshots across regions such as whenever a disaster strikes your first region, you can restore very quickly into the other region. So how do we do a cross region snapshot copy for KMS encrypted Redshift snapshot? So you have the source and your snapshot is in your source region. It's encrypted using the KMS key A, and you want to copy it into destination KMS key B. So what we need to do is call a Redshift snapshot copy grant. And what this is, is that it will allow Redshift the service to perform encryption operations in the destination region. When this is done, then you can copy your snapshot from the region one into the region two, and then it will be encrypted by Redshift with a correct KMS key. So the really magical thing here that happens is that you need to have and create a snapshot copy grant. Redshift spectrum is a way for you to query data in Amazon is free without first loading it into Redshift. For this, you must have a Redshift cluster available to start the query, and then the query is then submitted to thousands of Redshift spectrum nodes. So how does that work? Well, we have our existing Redshift cluster has a leader node and has a bunch of compute nodes. But then if we do a query on data on Amazon S3 that will look like this, then what's going to happen is that Redshift is going to spin up a lot of virtual spectrum nodes that will do the computation and the query of our dataset in Amazon S3. And then once the result is there, it's going to be sent back to the compute nodes for aggregation and then it will be rolled back into the leader node. You also have a feature called Redshift Workload Management, WLM. So it enables you to flexibly manage queries priorities within workloads. And the use case for this is to prevent short fast running queries from getting stuck behind long running queries. You can define multiple query queues. You can define, for example, a super user queue, user defined queues, and so on. And then you route your query to the appropriate queue at runtime. So in this example, I have Amazon Redshift and I have three queues. I have the super user queue, the short running queue, and the long running queue. The names are pretty explicit and say we have two kinds of users. We have our admin and our user. So the admin, they want their queries to be done as soon as possible. So they will do system queries, and then these queries will go directly into the super user queue. And this will have priority, the user may have some short running queries, and these we want to have into the short running query queue. This way we are sure that it will just be a lot of short running queries, but if the user is submitting a longer running query and we know it's gonna take a lot of time, then we should send it directly into the long running queue to make sure not to block the short running queries. So we have two kind of workload management. The first one is automatic WLM, where the queues and resources are managed by Redshift. And the second one is manual WLM, where the queues and resources are managed by you, the user. Then we have Redshift concurrency scaling. So this enables you to provide consistently fast performance with virtually unlimited number of users and queries by adding Redshift capacity on the fly. So this additional cluster capacity is called concurrency scaling cluster and allows you to process an increase in requests. So let's say we have a normal Redshift cluster with a few nodes another, and then this sustains a bunch of users that we have normally, but say tomorrow we get a lot more users submitting queries into Amazon Redshift, then automatically the concurrency scaling cluster will add nodes automatically to accommodate for this number of users. Now we get the ability to decide which queries get sent to the concurrency scaling cluster using the WLM feature we just saw before. And this feature is charge per second. So that's all you need to know about Redshift. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.