Welcome to another section of this course where we're going to be focusing on Amazon S3 monitoring and alerting. So if you think about monitoring for a second, you step back and think about the S3 service. It's a hosted service. So you may be thinking to yourself, well, why do I need to monitor a hosted service? Now, there are multiple things that you want to monitor when it comes to Amazon S3. The first 1st May be things like performance, availability and utilization. You may want to monitor things like latency throughput, maybe error rates, and that way you can keep an eye on different errors that may be happening on S3 and you can identify any issues that may impact data access or operations in your organization. Another thing is cost and data lifecycle. That should be pretty self-explanatory, but we want to make sure we understand the costs and where our data is living inside of Amazon. S3. Do we want to keep our data on standard S3 or do we want to go ahead and start moving things over to lower end tiers so we can save on costs? Another thing, maybe auditing compliance and governance when we add data to Amazon S3. Many times that data may be confidential and we don't want the public to gain access to that data more so we may not even want certain folks in our organization to get access to that data. We also may be covered by regulatory compliance requirements depending on the industry that we are working in. So these are definitely things we want to monitor. And finally, other things we want to know inventory access patterns, storage tiers. We want to make sure that we are using these types of metrics to understand how much data is being stored in your buckets. We want to be able to analyze those trends to anticipate our storage needs and optimize our data management. We also want to make sure that we are moving data between the proper tiers based upon access patterns. All of these things are important to monitor when you're using a hosted service like Amazon S3 and you're relying on this backend service in order to serve data to all your applications and potentially even your customers. So what native AWS tools are actually available to us? Keep in mind that in this section we're going to just be talking about AWS Native Tools. We're not going to be talking about all the third party tools that may be available in the market today. There's an endless number of solutions that are available that may do what these tools do already, but it may also introduce additional feature sets as well. Now, because I don't want to be biased and I don't want to start to teach or explain third party tools, we're going to be focusing on the AWS native tools because honestly, you can pretty much do anything you want to using AWS native tools. You can gather all the reports, set alerts, set up, monitoring, all those kind of things with the native tools. So if we start here on storage lens, storage lens is going to be an analytic solution for Amazon S3 that enables us to get a detailed view of storage use cost operational metrics. We have server access logging which enables you to capture detailed access logs for your buckets. We have cost and usage report, and that's really this comprehensive cost management tool in AWS that really breaks down all these detailed insights into your AWS costs. We have S3 event notifications, which is a really cool feature that enables you to set up event driven workflows by triggering actions when specific events happen in your S3 bucket. We have Amazon S3 inventory which can generate this comprehensive list of objects and all the metadata associated with that within your S3 bucket. And then you can use that to run data analysis against your inventory. So we also have Amazon Cloudwatch, which is a monitoring and observability service across all of AWS. But we have specific metrics and insights specifically for Amazon S3 so we can use that. We also have things like AWS config, which is a really powerful tool that allows you to assess, audit and evaluate the configuration of all your AWS resources, including, you guessed it, Amazon, S3 Buckets. So all these tools combined or individually can be used to provide valuable monitoring, analysis and alerting capabilities for Amazon S3 and that allows us to gain insights, optimize performance control costs, ensure our compliance and automate processes when it comes to storing our data in S3.