Let's talk about server access logging. So server access Logging is a feature in S3 that allows us to keep an eye on what's happening in our storage buckets by recording any requests that are made to them. It's kind of like having a security on our data logging. Who comes in and what do they do once they're there? Now this is especially useful for making sure everything is safe and in order, and that's why it's often used for security checks and audits. But it's not necessarily just about security. These logs can also help you know more about the people using your services, which is great for understanding your customers. Additionally, if you've ever been confused about the charges on your Amazon S3 bill, these logs can be like a magnifying glass that really helps you see exactly what you're being billed for. By showing how your storage is being used, let's take a look at this. We have our data bucket here, a data analysis bucket in the middle with objects, and we have our reporting admin and maybe we have an application like a data lake. Both of these different types of applications and users may be using and consuming data that lives inside of our data bucket. Now, as those objects are being consumed, maybe they're reading, maybe they're writing within minutes or hours, the server access logs are generated and then we can actually consume those server access logs to determine who is using our data and what they're doing with our data. Now, when it comes to the delivery time frame of our server access logs, most of these log records are going to be delivered within a few hours of the time that they were actually recorded, but sometimes they can be delivered more frequently than that. Again, expect a few hours at the max, but sometimes they may show up before that. So where do we actually store our logs? Well, just like our inventory report, we're going to store our logs inside of some kind of bucket. So if we have a bunch of buckets in our organization, say, here on the left, what we're going to do is probably go ahead and store those logs inside of a different logging bucket. We don't want to store inside of those same buckets. Many times in a large organization, we have a specific bucket that's used for logging, and oftentimes that logging bucket lives in a different account. Again, we talked about this earlier in the course from a security perspective, but when we are logging things across our AWS accounts, we probably want to send those logs to a bucket that lives in another account. That way, if someone were to gain access to our buckets in this case, they wouldn't also be able to delete our server access logs. And then if we had an issue, well, we'd have the issue and we wouldn't have any logs in that case because they would be able to delete the logs. So that's why it's important to go ahead and send those logs to a different logging bucket and more importantly, send them to a different account. So what do server access logs actually contain? Well, a lot of stuff right now. You can't necessarily choose what you want to see in the logs themselves. So when you set up server access logs, you don't get to choose what data is included inside of the server access logs. You just get a bunch of data as part of the logs. So you get things like the bucket owner, what bucket it was, what time, what was the remote IP of the requester? Who was the requester if they were a local Amazon account or they were unauthenticated, what was the total time they were using? What was the byte sent? The object size host header. You have a lot of different good information that you can use to determine what's going on inside of your account. Each request that is made to your data inside of an S3 bucket, you're going to get a single log for each request. Each log record is going to represent one request, and it's going to consist of all those fields that we just talked about, and they're all going to be space delimited fields inside of your file. So I went ahead and configured this on one of my buckets and I copied and pasted it in here just so you can kind of see what it is. So I have a bucket called Amazon Deep Dive. You can see I accessed it sometime in June. I have an IP address that is actually not my IP address. I changed it. You can also see that I was logged in as administrator access under Brian under this account, which I changed my account number. But you can see there's a lot of good information in here. I performed a get against a specific object. You can see that it was using a specific SDK. You can see I was using Linux on that side. You can also see that it was from S3 Amazon Aws.com. I was using TLS version 1.2. So there's a lot of good information that you can see directly inside of these logs. Now, generally you're not going to be reading these from a human perspective. You're going to go ahead and take these logs and you're going to ingest them into some other app that's going to be able to perform and gather metrics for your. Your organization. So you may ingest these types of logs into some kind of SIM tool. Maybe Splunk, Sumo Logic, Datadog, any of those kind of third party tools that you're going to use to analyze any of your server access logs and understand what's going on across your accounts for the fun of it? I also went ahead and configure this and I pointed this to a another bucket so you can see an example of all the different server access logs that are contained inside of my bucket. I have all these different server access logs. Each one of those records represents one request that I performed inside of my S3 bucket. So I went into my bucket. I tried to access objects, I downloaded an object, I uploaded an object, and you can see that I got all these different server access logs just based upon the actions that I was performing inside of one of my buckets. So you can kind of understand what to expect when you configure this and point this to a bucket. And what you'll see is a bunch of different logs. Each one represents a single request, depending on how busy your S3 buckets are. You may actually see a lot of logs in there. It's going to be important for you to analyze those logs in just those logs and of course, and create a life cycle rule to expire these logs. After so long, your organization may dictate that you keep these logs for 30 days or 60 days or even a year. But after that, it's going to be important that you want to expire these logs so you don't have a ton and ton of data in your buckets that you're paying for just for logs that have already been ingested in a tool. So that concludes server access logs. And what we're going to do is go ahead and showcase how we can configure that in AWS.