The next tool that we're going to talk about is Cloudtrail event logging. So Cloudtrail event logging for Amazon S3 keeps a record of all the actions that are taken by a user, a role or an AWS service in S3. Now this means it tracks what's happening and stores information about it. Specifically, it captures some of the API calls for S3 and it logs them as events in a cloudtrail trail. Now, this is important for monitoring and understanding all the activity that's going on in S3. It's also good to note that this isn't necessarily a feature within S3 itself, but rather it's something that you can configure directly in Cloudtrail and it works alongside of S3 to provide this detailed record of activity. So when we talk about Cloudtrail event logging, what's the difference between this and server access logging that we just talked about? They kind of sound the same, don't they? The difference here is that Cloudtrail event logging provides a record of actions that are taken by a user, a role or another service in S3. Now, Amazon S3 service access logs that we just talked about provide detailed records for requests that are made to an S3 bucket. So, for example, Cloudtrail logs would indicate somebody making a change to a bucket like configuring encryption or changing the storage type, but it wouldn't log an upload made by a user outside of your account or someone on the internet accessing an object from like a gaming application that wouldn't be logged by Cloudtrail event logging, but it would be logged by server access logs. So again, Cloudtrail event logging focuses on actions taken by users, roles and services inside of your account. So let's take a look to see what this looks like. Notice in this example that I am actually in the Cloudtrail service and I'm not in the Amazon S3 service. So what I've done in this example is I've filtered all the events in our account down to the event source that includes S3, Amazon, Aws.com and you can see down here all the actions that were taken by myself as the username that shows here things like get bucket ACLs, get bucket logging, get bucket tagging, all those were APIs that were called or events that happened inside of S3 as I'm logging into S3 and doing things. So if I were to go in there and configure default encryption or change one of my buckets for server access, logging, those kind of things, all those changes would show up inside of Cloudtrail. Remember, Cloudtrail provides a history of any API calls that are made inside your account, and API calls have to be authenticated. So again, this wouldn't necessarily log somebody accessing your object from a gaming application or downloading a PDF from your object from the internet. But it would log it if I logged into the S3 console and I were to create a new bucket or delete a bucket or something like that. That's the big difference between Cloudtrail events and server access logs. But again, very useful tool for you if you're managing Amazon S3 buckets in your account.