The next one is S3 event notifications, and it's really a cool tool to allow you to create event driven workloads from events that are happening on your S3 buckets. So S3 notifications allow you to receive notifications or pushes when certain events happen in one of your buckets. Now, a notification here is really a push to a service, an S3 event, notification, support for different types of notifications. We can send a push to an SNS topic which is commonly used for email notifications. We can send a push to an SQS queue, we can send a push to Amazon Eventbridge or we can trigger an AWS lambda function when something happens inside of our bucket. So let's take a look at a few examples here. So we have our video asset bucket. Maybe we are a media company and we're recording and delivering different types of entertainment to our customers. So we've got our bucket that we store most of our video assets in there and we've already got some assets in there. However, maybe we just finish up recording a new movie or a new show, and now we have a new video file and we upload that new video file into our bucket. Well, just the event of uploading and adding a new file to our bucket, what we can do is actually trigger a lambda function. So through an S3 event notification configuration, it's pointing to lambda and then we can use that to trigger a lambda function that, I don't know, may add a watermark to our new video file. That's one way that we can use it. When a new file is created, an event notification can be set up to trigger a lambda and that lambda can perform some kind of work on that video file. Let's take a look at another example in this case, an SNS topic. So we have a new bucket called a customer website bucket. Maybe that's where we're storing all of our data from our customer website. And of course, we need to process any files that get uploaded or created, whether it's from our back end software or customers uploading their own data. So maybe we have an end of the day transaction that occurs and we have a new order file that gets uploaded to our bucket. Now, once the new orders file gets uploaded to our new bucket, we can have an event notification, an SNS that pushes to SNS and we can send an email notification to our processing team to go ahead and fulfill that order. That's another way we can use the event notifications. When a object is created, then we can send an email to somebody notifying them that a new object has been placed inside of that bucket. Let's take a look at the last example here in this case is going to be for an SQS topic. So we have our video asset bucket here and we've already got a bunch of objects in there. Maybe these objects are being reviewed by the team and we've decided that one of our object is ready for production. So in this case we can go to the object and we can tag it with a specific tag of final or something like that. Now once that object is tagged with a specific tag that we're looking for, an event notification can actually send a message to Amazon SQS queue. And then once that message is placed inside of the queue, maybe we have processing servers that will go ahead and process that file. Maybe we're encoding this file, this video file for a movie or a video or to burn it to a DVD or something like that by just simply tagging an object or making a change to an object, we can have an event notification, actually trigger a full workflow, put that inside of a queue and we can have processing servers that will process that queue and actually process that file for us and do whatever we need to do for that particular file. Now if you're using something like Eventbridge, it would be a very similar workflow here where any change would actually trigger an event and we can have work performed based upon any changes that are made inside of our S3 bucket. What S3 event types are supported? Well, quite a few. Here we have new object created events like I showcased in some of those examples. Object removal events restore Reduce redundancy storage Object Lost events Reduce redundancy Storage is a tier that we didn't necessarily talk about because it's super old and it's deprecated, but it is still supported in different ways. We have replication events and we also have things like S3 lifecycle events. We have object tagging events which I mentioned before, Object ACL put events. These are all different event types that are supported. And when one of these events happens inside of your bucket, you can have an S3 event notification to watch for that and then perform some kind of workflow based upon that event. Now a couple of things about event notifications here. Notifications are designed to be delivered at least one time and typically delivered. Within seconds, but it could take a minute or longer for SQS. If you're using an SQS event notification first in, first out. Queues are not supported directly when you're using event notifications. If for some reason you need to use first in, first out cuz you would use something like eventbridge instead. Now don't forget that you do need to provide Amazon S3 with permissions to publish messages to things like SNS, SQS and to invoke a lambda. Now, one thing to note here is that Eventbridge is actually configured separately from event notifications. So when you go to a bucket and you look at the properties, you'll actually have your event notifications and then below that you'll have another box that allows you to configure Eventbridge as well. The important thing on this slide is the permissions. You must grant the Amazon S3 principal the necessary permissions to call the API to publish messages to an SNS topic, an SQS queue or a lambda function. Now this of course is so S3 can publish event notification messages to another service to the destination. When you use Lambda, it publishes event messages to lambda by invoking a lambda function and then providing the event message as an argument to that lambda. Now, when you use the Amazon S3 console to configure event notifications to a bucket, the console is going to set up the necessary permissions for that lambda function for you to grant. S3 permissions to publish messages to an SNS topic or a SQS queue. You want to be sure to attach a policy to the SNS topic or the SQS queue that grant Amazon S3 permissions to publish those messages. That's it for event notifications. Again, important aspect to understand that based upon events that happen inside of your S3 bucket, you can trigger event driven workflows using these event notifications.