Now, let's talk about how our Lambda function integrates with an application load balancer. So for now, Lambda functions, they can be either invoked with a CLI or the SDK, but sometimes, if you want to expose them to the internet, you want to allow people to use them through an HTTP or an HTTPS endpoint, and so as such, you have two ways for doing this. The first way is to use an application load balancer or an API gateway, as we'll see in the next lecture in the next section. So in this lecture, we will be focusing on the ALB, and then, for it to work, we need to register the Lambda function in a target group. So your clients will be invoking and sending requests in the form of HTTP or HTTPS to your ALB, which will be invoking synchronously your Lambda function in a target group because synchronously because we're waiting for the Lambda function to get back to the application load balancer, which will in turn return a response to the client. So the question is how does the load balancer convert an HTTP request into a Lambda invocation? So from the ALB to Lambda, the HTTP get transformed into a JSON document. So this is an example request payload for your Lambda function, and as we can see in the top of the document, there is the ELB information, so which ELB invoked, and what is the target group? Then, we get some information around the HTTP method, so it was a get, and the path was /lambda. We get the query string parameters as key value pairs, so each query string will be appearing in the JSON document. We'll get the headers as key/value pairs, and we'll get the body for post, put, and the value isBase64Encoded, so do you need to decode it or not? And so for this information, there is a translation of the entire HTTP request to JSON, so what you should remember is that the query string parameters, the headers, and the body, they're all converted, and for the query string parameters and the headers, they are key/value pairs. So similarly, our Lambda function should return something, a JSON document, and the ALB will convert this back into HTTP. So if we look at the response from the Lambda function, it's very simple. It needs to include a status code and a description as well as the response headers as key/value pairs, and finally, the body of the response and the flag whether or not it isBase64Encoded. Okay, so we know how the Lambda, the ALB converts from HTTP to JSON and back. So we have a feature called the ALB multi-value header, so this feature can just be enabled directly on your application load balancer as a setting, and the idea is that when your client is going to either have headers with multiple values or query string parameters with multiple values for the same key, then instead of just picking one, it's going to keep all of them. Let me explain. So here, we have query string parameters after the question mark. We have name=foo&amp;name=bar. As you can see, the name is repeated twice, and then we have two different values, so instead of just keeping one, by enabling this setting, we're going to keep both, so this applies both to HTTP headers and query string parameters. And so your ALB is going to send through a Lambda function the JSON query string parameters name and then foo and bar in an array, and that's the idea behind the setting of multi-value headers. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.