Okay so let's create a new function and this function is going to be called Lambda S3 because it will be invoked whenever an object is inserted into an S3 bucket. So for this I will choose python 3.8 as my runtime. And I will go ahead and create this function. On the side I'm going to go into the S3 service, and I will create a bucket that will invoke my Lambda function. So to do so I'm gonna go into S3 And once you create a bucket and call it demo S3 event Stephane. and make sure I'm in the same region of my bucket as my Lambda functions So Ireland for both then I will just scroll down and click on create Buckets. Okay So I'm gonna go into my buckets, which has been created right now and on the properties Then I'm gonna go and scroll down and I want to find the event notification properties because we want this S3 bucket to invoke my Lambda function. So for this I'm going to create an event notification and it's called invoke Lambda And then for prefix we'll have it all Suffix we'll have it all And then for event types we'll choose all objects create events scroll down. And for destination we have the choice between Lambda SNS and SQS, but we'll choose Lambda and we'll choose it from the Lambda functions we available So Lambda S3. and we'll save the changes And now this is successfully completed. So this event notification is enabled to send data into Ireland function. So for this, we can just refresh this Lambda function page right here, and we can see now on the left hand side that S3 is invoking our Lambda function. So let's just modify our Lambda function to do a little bit more So instead of this I'm just going to print the events to see what is being sent into it on the function and deploy it. Okay, perfect. So one last thing. How does this S3 buckets Invoker on the function? Well, you should know by now, but if we go into configuration and then we look at the permissions which are right here and we scroll down and look at the resource based policy where we can see that there's a policy statements right here which says that Lambda S3 can invoke our functions. So If I click on this statement ID right here we have the policy, or I can click on view policy document to view the entire JSON which allows our S3 buckets demo as for events Stephane to invoke Ireland function, Lambda S3. Okay, perfect. So the last thing is that we need to test that this integration is working. So let's go into our S3 management console and we're going to upload a file into our buckets. So I'll add a file and I'll choose the coffee.jpeg file that have from before from the code, from the S3 folder. So I'm going to just upload this file and the upload has succeeded. so now what's going to happen is that this should trigger an event into my Lambda function and to see whether or not this has worked, then we go into monitor and we're going to click on view logs in CloudWatch to get directed directly into CloudWatch logs. And we can see one log stream right here and this corresponds to this invocation that was made by S3 And so if we have a look here we can see that the event source is AWS S3. We can look at the region, we can look at the objects where it did put events, and who made it. And also we can have information around the bucket name which is demo S3 events Stephane and as well as the air into the bucket and for the objects for key we have coffee.jpeg we have the size and the E tag. And so all this information right here is enough for our Lambda function to do in the code and S3 that get object API code thanks to the events and then get the actual object that was uploaded into the S3 buckets and therefore do some processing on it. Okay. And that's it for another type of asynchronous invocation by now you've seen a lot of asynchronous notifications in Lambda but hopefully these make sense now and you've seen as well, how resource policy works. So that's it for this section. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.