So here is a very cool new feature from November 2019, called Lambda Destinations. So, the problem is that, when we've been doing asynchronous invocations or event mappers, it was really hard for us to see if it had failed or succeeded. And if it did, to retrieve the data. So the idea with destinations is to send the result of an asynchronous invocation or the failure of an event mapper into somewhere. So where is that somewhere? We'll see in a second. So for asynchronous invocation, we can define a destination for both successful and failed events. And by successful and failed, we mean the processing of that event. So for asynchronous invocations, we have the destination of SQS, SNS, Lambda, and the Amazon EventBridge bus, so cloud watch events. The idea is that our lambda function is invoked asynchronously for example, through an S3 event. And if we succeed we can send this somewhere to successful event destination. And if we fail we can send it to failed event destination. So you may note right now that this looks a lot like the DLQ setting for asynchronous invocations. And so the recommendation now is that you use destinations instead of the DLQ, even though you can use both at the same time. Why? Well because the destinations are newer, and they allow for more targets. The DLQ just allows it to send the failures into SQS and SNS, but the destinations allow to send both the successes and the failures into SQS, SNS, Lambda, and EventBridge. Okay, that's for asynchronous invocations. Now what about Event Source mapping? This is only used for when you have an event batch that gets discarded because we can't process it. So we can, instead, send that event batch into Amazon SQS or Amazon SNS, which is represented by this diagram right here. So we are reading from Kinesis, there will be an Event Source mapping, and we will try to keep on processing the data, but then we don't succeed and instead of blocking our entire processing of the Kinesis Data Stream, we can send the discarded event batch into your failed event destination. And so please note that if you have an Event Source mapping reading from SQS, you can set either a failed destination or you can set up a DLQ directly on your SQS Que. It's up to you on how you want to do things. So in the next lecture, we'll go into destinations, do some hands on, and get some practice to make more sense out of this feature. So I will see you in the next lecture.