So now let's talk about how Lambda does logging, monitoring, and tracing. So the first thing we know is that Lambda has an integration with CloudWatch Logs because all of the Lambda execution logs are automatically stored in CloudWatch Logs. If your Lambda function has an execution role with the correct IAM policy that authorizes your Lambda function to write to CloudWatch Logs, and this is included in the Lambda basic execution role as we've seen before. Then we haven't seen this yet, but there are CloudWatch metrics. And so they are displayed in the CloudWatch Metrics UI or the Lambda UI. And they will represent information about your invocations, duration, concurrent execution, error counts, success rate, throttles, Async delivery failures. And if you are reading from Kinesis or DynamoDB streams, your iterator age which means how far you are into your, how lagging you are into your reading of the streams. So we'll have a look at those in a second. And then finally you can do tracing with x-ray in your Lambda function. So it's super easy. You just enable it in your Lambda configuration, it's called active tracing. It will run the x-ray daemon for you. Now, the only thing you have to do is to use the x-ray SDK in your code. You need to ensure that you're Lambda function has the correct IAM execution role to write into x-ray. And so there is a managed policy called AWS x-ray daemon write access. And then the environment variables to communicate with x-ray if you needed them are these three right here. And so you just need to see them once. I'm not going to read them out to you, but see them once. And they can come up in the exam. I think the most important one is the latest which is AWS x-ray daemon address which presents where the IP and the port of the x-ray daemon is running regarding your Lambda function. And these environment variables can be accessed the same way as we've done before with other environment variables. So that's it now lets go into the hands-on to see how that works.