Okay, so let's practice Lambda in VPC. So we'll author a Lambda function from scratch. Call it Lambda VPC, runtime being Python 3.8 and create this function. Also, let's go into the EC2 console and we're going to create a security group for our Lambda functions. So I will go into the security groups UI. Create a new security group, and I'll call this one Lambda SG and we'll attach it to the VPC we have. We don't need any inbound rules and outbound rules. The idea is just to show you, SG for Lambda, the idea is just to have a security group to attach your Lambda function. Once that is deployed in our VPC. Okay. So back into our Lambda function. Now let's go into the configuration and make sure that we can deploy this within our VPC because right now the Lambda function is within the AWS cloud and it has internet access but it doesn't have VPC access. So for this on the configuration, on the left hand side, there is VPC. We can edit this and choose a VPC to attach our Lambda function to. Now, there is a warning sign here, which says that when you connect a function to a VPC in your account, which we are doing right now, it does not have access to the internet unless you provide your VPC access which means that it needs to be in a private subnets and you need to route the outbound traffic to that gateway in a public subnet. This is the only way of doing it. Even if right now we publish our Lambda function in three subnets, okay? And these are public subnets because they have access to the internet, as we know, The Lambda function can still not have access to the internet. It needs instead to be published, deployed into a private subnets and have a NAT gateway or NAT instance in a public subnets to route traffic to. So this is fine now, because we're not going to access the internet using a Lambda function. And when you deploy a Lambda function within the VPC usually is to do some local operations for example, on your RDS database or your elastic cache cluster. Okay. So in terms of security group then let's attach the Lambdas SG security group we have from before and the inbound rules and the outbound rules would be helping in terms of defining access to other services. Actually, the inbound rules would be helpless but the outbound rules may be helpful. Okay. So let's click on save. And now we can see that this doesn't work because the Lambda function does not have the permissions to call the create network interface on EC2. Yes, because when you create a Lambda function in a VPC then to be able to run, it needs to have network interfaces and now they belong to you and to your VPC. So we need to provide Lambda function with enough permission to do so. So let's open a new tab, configuration, permissions and click on the role and the permission roles. So let's attach a policy to our role and I will just type in Lambda in here. And in there we have a Lambda ENI management access. So this one and we'll attach this policy. And so if we look into the lambda ENI management access this has all the necessary permission, such as create network interface, delete network interface, describing, and so on, to be able to give our Lambda function the rights to exist within our VPC. So this is good to go. Now let's click on save. And our Lambda function is now deployed within our VPC. So for this, we just need to run the Lambda function and test it out. So by the way, when you create a Lambda function in the VPC it can take a little bit of time to be updating and starting at first. This is because a few things that should be set up by AWS but then the performance of your Lambda function should be okay. So let's just wait for the other to be done. So this took about three minutes but my Lambda function is now updated. And so I can just test it. So let's go to this Lambda function and click on tests. We'll create a sample events and then click on creates, now test our function. So the function has succeeded. But the more interesting part is that if we go into the management console of EC2 and we go under network interfaces, as we can see here three network interfaces have been created and the disc respond to the network interfaces of my Lambda function within my VPC. So these network interfaces each in one different AC. So each in one different subnets is what allows my Lambda function to communicate with our VPC. So you can imagine having these ENIs and the security group, having the necessary rules to access an RDS database or an elastic cache cluster, for example. So fairly simple but that's it for this demo. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.