Hi, everyone, and welcome to my course. Azure Application Gateway Course. In the next few hours, we are going to do a deep dive into the Azure Application gateway to understand how it actually works. And we will be looking at the different routing configurations you can do in the application gateway. Like how can you host multiple sites and how we can do or routing or path based routing. And when it comes to redirection, you will learn how can you direct the traffic to another listener or to another internal website or to an external website? Then you will see how can you rewrite your URL or request headers that are passing through your application gateway and how we can use it as an internal load balancer? And how can you configure the auto scaling and zone redundancy for the application gateway? And when it comes to the application Gateway security or probably I should call it SSL security, you will learn how can you implement the SSL termination for the application gateway? And if you have more stringent security requirements, you are going to see how you can do an end to end SSL encryption through the application gateway. And how can you define your own SSL policies and configure mutual authentications in the application gateway? And when it comes to Kubernetes, you will learn how can you configure the ingress controller for eks through two ways of deployment, whether it's a greenfield or Brown? And definitely we cannot talk about the Azure Application gateway without having a separate topic to talk about the Web application firewall of the Application Gateway, which is going to provide an additional layer of security for your Web applications. Monitoring. It's going to be a very important topic that we are going to cover through this course, primarily aiming to set up your diagnostic settings and teach you what would be the key metrics that you need to keep an eye on to ensure that your application gateway is working well. And even better, how you create an alert rules so you can get notified if certain metrics have exceeded a specific threshold and you are going to see how you can configure health probes to ensure the back end health of your application gateway. Also, we are going to see how you can handle high traffic that are coming through your application gateway. What are the different pricing model? Different tiers and some advanced topics like cookie affinity, connection draining and web sockets. Finally, we are going to talk about the key configurations that you need to understand for your application gateway, primarily the infrastructure configurations to make sure that you configure your vnet and subnet properly from the get go. Then you are going to talk about the other configurations related to the application gateway. So briefly, in the next three hours we are going to dive deep into the Azure Application gateway and you will understand every topic in the application gateway and you will be confident using the application gateway in a production workloads. Also, it's worth mentioning that this course is completely hands on, like there is no PowerPoint presentations throughout the course at all. You will see me either using Azure Portal or Azure online documentation. Now let's get started and let's learn Azure Application Gateway together.