Hi everyone. My name is Hassan Awad and welcome to my course. Azure Application Gateway. Before we get started, let's talk a little bit about what is Azure Application Gateway? So in the most simplest terms, application gateway is just a load balancer with traffic load balancer that allows you to route traffic to your web applications. And some of you might get surprised when you hear that application. Gateway is considered to be a load balancer, but you're actually going to get more surprised when you know that there are other services that comes under Azure load balancing services and they are for. Azure Load balancer. Azure front door. Azure Traffic Manager and finally, Azure Application Gateway. All of these four services comes under Azure load balancing services. Anyway. The traditional load balancers operate at transport layer, which is layer four, which is primarily using TCP and UDP protocols to allow it to route traffic based on source IP address and ports to a destination IP address and port. And what's the difference in the application gateway? It's able to make routing decisions based on additional attributes on the Http request, like the path or request headers. And when you hear that the application gateway makes these routing decisions based on some attributes in the Http request, you might get an assumption that the application gateway will have to operate at a different layer, which is absolutely true. Application Gateway has to operate at application layer, which is layer seven to allow it to interpret Http requests to make routing decisions based on these attributes. Now let's have a quick look at the application gateway. So the application gateway has multiple versions. At a high level, it could be a standard version or a WAF version. WAF stands for Web Application Firewall, and then it will interact with the customers to accept the traffic from the customers. And based on the routing configurations that's been configured in the application gateway. The application Gateway is going to route the traffic to the right backend pool based on the attributes that's been sent in the Http request. This is briefly, what is Azure Application Gateway is about? And as we have talked about different Azure load balancing services, it's going to be useful for you to go through this web page to understand them in more details. And I'm going to put a link in the description box. So briefly here, it lists the four different Azure load balancing services that we have talked about, Azure Front Door Traffic Manager Application, Gateway and Load Balancer. And it has a little comparison across two different dimensions whether the service should be used for regional or global purpose or what is the recommended traffic to be used, whether it's Http or non http traffic. However, the most important thing in this page is the reference architecture examples where it lists different scenarios and what would be the best service to be used in this case. So I'm not going to go through them one by one, but I'm going to go through the application gateway scenarios to help you understand in which cases or in which scenarios we should be using application Gateway. The first scenario we have in here, when you have a web application with relational database and you want to provide a high availability architecture for your infrastructure and for your SQL Server database. In this case, application Gateway should be used. And the second scenario, when you have a multi-tenant SaaS on Azure and the two load balancer services you are going to use are front door and application gateway. So the front door is going to help you to have load balancing across regions while Application Gateway is going to route traffic internally within the application as we are going to see in more details. And the last scenario we have in here is multi-region load balancing. So in this case, you're going to use a traffic manager, an application gateway. So you can have a high availability architecture across regions and also have a resilient disaster recovery plan. And it's important to mention here, these are not the only cases you should be using the application gateway for. These are just a few examples to help you understand it better. And in the near future I'm planning to create few courses for other Azure load balancing services, so it will give you a more detailed information about all for Azure load balancing services. However, as you already know, the primary focus of this course will be on Azure Application Gateway. This was just a quick overview of what is Azure Application Gateway and what it sets in terms of Azure load balancing services. And from the next video, we are going to start creating our application gateway. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video.