Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to analyze and understand how the application gateway actually works, how the application gateway could listen to an incoming request coming from the user, and then we'll be able to direct it to the right back in the pool target. So let's start from the beginning. When the user send the request to the application gateway, let's say in this scenario we are going to use the public IP address of the application gateway. So the users are going to use the public DNS resolver in order to be able to get the public IP address of the application gateway. And in case you are using the private IP address for the application gateway to use it as an internal load balancer, then the internal users will be able to use a custom DNS resolver you have created in Azure to be able to hit or resolve the private IP address for your application Gateway. Then we are going to have listeners. Listeners simply are checking for a connection, requests coming from the users, and you could have either Http or Https listener that's going to determine whether you prefer to have an encrypted traffic or unencrypted traffic. And we have already seen the back in the pool before. You can create one back in the pool with multiple targets. Also, you can create multiple back end pools in your application gateway. And the magic here is how the application gateway knows that it's back in the target that want to direct a certain request to it. And the application gateway will be able to do this by the assist of the routing rules. So we are going to define a routing rule on a particular listener to direct the traffic to a particular back end pool. And in order to maintain the second part of the connection between the application gateway and the backend pools, the application gateway needs to use Http settings, whether it's Http or Https. There are two scenarios we are going to talk about in here in future. Whether you prefer to have an encrypted traffic between the application gateway and the backend pools, or you are going to have an unencrypted traffic based on your preference. And you may have noticed here there is a firewall configuration, which is a key thing. Generally speaking, the application gateway comes with two categories, whether it's a standard or WAF. WAF stands for Web Application Firewall, and there are two versions under each of them version one and version two. And if you have chosen to go ahead with the Web version, what's going to happen is that the Application gateway is going to assess the incoming requests to see if there is any security threats on those requests before it will start applying the routing rules on those requests and before start to directing these requests to the back end targets. This is a way to protect your back end targets or to use the application gateway as a web application firewall or as a WAF. And we are going to cover the WAF version of the application gateway in more details later. Also, I want you to be aware of that application. Gateway does some modifications to the Http requests coming through the application gateway by adding five additional headers to the requests. And these are the five additional headers. You just need to be aware of them in case you are going to need them in the future to do some tracing or diagnosing for any issues that might happen between the application gateway and the back end targets. That was a very high level overview of how the application gateway works. And in the next videos we are going to dive deep into each of these components to understand how it actually works to direct the traffic to the backend targets. And we are going to see the other options you could play around with. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.