Hi everyone. Before we get started, I just want to make sure it's clear for you that if you are going to follow along with me and create all of these Azure resources and components, you should expect that you are going to pay some money to Azure at the end of the month. In my case, I have paid 100 AUD at the end of the month when I was preparing my course and you could check and see what would be the equivalent money that you will have to pay for different regions in Asia. So if you are going to use your personal account, just be prepared to pay some money at the end of the month. If you are not happy with that, just don't go ahead and create any Azure resources and just watch my videos and it will give you a good understanding of the application gateway as well. However, it's highly recommended for you to follow along with me and do what I am doing yourself. Also, I want to highlight how we are going to progress throughout the course. So you are going to see me sometimes create an application gateway for a specific scenario, then delete it at the end of the scenario and then in the second scenario may be creating or provision another application gateway instance and will continue this till we finish our scenario and then delete it at the end. The reason I have done it that way because it's going to be easier for you to understand how it works and I don't want to waste your time by reconfiguring application gateway to change its configurations from a previous scenario to the new scenario. I found it's going to get us to the point really quickly by just deleting the old application gateway and create a new one for the new scenarios. Just to follow along with that and you will understand how it works. And also in some situations you might find me using the same application gateway instance for multiple videos if we have a good use case for that. Just wanted to give you a heads up about that so you won't be surprised during the course. That's all I have for you for this video. Thanks for watching. Now let's dive into the application gateway.