Hi, everyone. In this video, we are going to go ahead and create our application gateway. And as you can see, this is a brand new Azure subscription, doesn't have any resources in the subscription at all. And we are going to go ahead and create everything from scratch. So the first thing we want to do here is to create our resource groups. So I'm going to create a resource group in Australia East region. I'm going to call it RG stands for Resource Group and then the Region. Then I'm going to create it in Australia East region. And let's go ahead and create the resource group. Actually, I'm going to go ahead and create another resource group. Let's call it RG Australia East as well. But we are going to call it Vnet. And let's host it in Australia East as well. Now we have two resource groups. Then the next step we are going to create a Vnets virtual networks. So I'm going to create a new net. And put it in Vnet resource group. I'm going to call it Vnet EU East. Then leave everything to the default values and go ahead and create the virtual network. All right. Now let's go ahead and create our application gateway. Let's put it in Australia East Resource Group and let's call it my application gateway and put it in Australia East region. And there are different tiers of the application gateway as you can see. For now, let's put it in the standard V2 tier. No auto scaling and leave everything to the default values. And here for the virtual network, we are going to select Vnet EU East and then we need to put it in subnet. There is one interesting thing about application gateway that you need to be aware of. It has to be placed in a subnet by itself. Like you cannot have any other Azure resources in the same subnet that has an application gateway. So probably it's going to be a good idea if I go back to my Azure Vnet and create additional subnet for the application gateway. So I'm going to call it subnet. Application gateway and let's leave everything to the default values. And then go back to the application gateway. And select again the net again and select the subnet that I've created for the application gateway. Now move to the front end port. In here, you are going to create a public IP address for the application gateway. And as long as I don't have any public IP address created in my subscription, I will go ahead and create a new one. Let's name it IP Application Gateway. Let's call it public. No. Go to the next step where we are going to create a backend pool for our application gateway. So let's create a backend pool and make this backend pool without any target like it's empty pool and we are going to add targets later on. Now moving to the next page, which is the configuration. And we are going to add routing rules. And the routing rules, I'm going to call it traffic routing and the listener name. We don't have any listeners yet. We are going to call it. Public IP listener. And then the front IP address, we are going to use the public IP address we have created and leave everything to the default values. And for the backend targets we are going to select the backend pool we have created and also for the Http settings. Let's go ahead and create one. Let's call it my Http settings and leave everything to the default values and add it. And now let's go ahead and add this routing rule. Then go to the next page and go ahead and create the application gateway. And while we are waiting for the application gateway to be created, let's go ahead and create virtual machines which are going to be the back end target for our application gateway. So let's create a virtual machine. Let's put it in Australia East Resource Group. Let's call it VM one. And let's select username and password. And then for the public inbound ports, let's select none. Then go into the networking, make sure that you are selecting the vnet. We have created before and in the default subnet and leave everything else to the default values. Go ahead. To review our configuration. And then let's go ahead and create the VM. As you can see here, there is some cost will be added for you. Of course, when we create a VM again, we will need to create another VM. Again, we know the configuration that we need to do so we are going to put it in Australia East region, we're going to call it VM two select same username and password to make it easier for you to log to these machines. And then for the public inbound ports, we are going to make it none go into the networking. We are going to make sure that we select the vnet we have created before and then let's go ahead and create our VM. So far we have created two virtual machines that we are going to use them as a backend targets for our application gateway. And in order to be able to test it, we will need to install IIS on the virtual machines and also have a test HTML page that are going to be displayed the name of the virtual machine. So let's go ahead and create or install IIS on the virtual machines. And there are two ways you are able to do this, whether you create a Bastion host subnet and then log into the VM and install Ise yourself. Or you can just run a small script in Azure PowerShell here. So let's click on this link here. As you can see here, I don't have any storage account for my cloud shell, so let's go ahead and create one. Now I'm going to go ahead and copy and paste the command I have prepared before to just to make it easier for us to install IIS on our machine. So we are going to specify our resource group IIS here needs to be installed and the name of the VM. And then, of course, the location of my VM. And let's go ahead with that. And by the way, I'm going to put this command in the description box so you can use it. Now we have installed IIS and an HTML page for testing on our first VM and let's do exactly the same on the second VM. And the only thing I will need to change here is the VM name instead of one, I'm going to make it VM two. Let's go ahead with that. Right now. The AIS has been installed on the second VM as well. Now let's go back to the application Gateway. And let's browse to the backend pools. If you remember when we created the backend pools, we didn't assign any target to the backend pools because we didn't have any VMs ready at that point. So we are going to go ahead and add back in the pools. So we are going to add a VMs and make the target VM one and then we add another VM. Let's make it VM two. And let's go ahead and see if our changes. Now let's go ahead and test the application gateway. So let's go to overview and copy the public IP address for the application Gateway and let's put it in the browser. So as you can see here, it shows V one because the application gateway in this case acts as a load balancer between v one and v, m two, because both of these VMs sets in the same backend pool. So if we are going to refresh this page, sometimes you're going to see VM to VM one, VM to VM one. Again, this is just to prove or show you how we can use the application gateway to route traffic to a different back end resources that set in a back end pool. So this was just a quick video to show you how you create the application gateway and assign back end resources to it. Now we are going to clean up the resources we have created. So let's go to Australia-east Resource Group and this will have all of the resources we have created for the VMs and the Application Gateway. And let's go ahead and delete the resource group all together. So this is the end of this video. I hope you enjoyed it. And I'm going to see you in the next video. Thanks for watching.