Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how we use the application gateway to host multiple sites. So we are going to have two separate websites like Contoso.com and fabrikam.com. And then by using the application gateway, we are going to route traffic from each of these websites to the right back in the pool, definitely by using the routing configurations in the application gateway. Let's get started and see how can we do this? But first, let me go ahead and create a new resource group. And let's call it Australia East Resource Group as well. And put it in Australia East region. Let's go ahead and create it. Now let's go ahead and create an application gateway. And let's put it in Australia East Resource Group, let's call it my application Gateway and hosted in Australia East Region Standard version two, no auto scaling. And then let's put it in the virtual network that we have created before and in the subnet that we have created for the application gateways. If you remember now, let's go ahead to the next step and let's go ahead and create a public IP address. Let's call it IP, my application gateway. Then let's go to the next step. Now let's go ahead and add the backend pool and we will add two backend pools. The first one, we will call it Contoso pool. And since we don't have any VMs ready yet, we are going to have empty pool like doesn't have any targets. And then we are going to add another pool and let's call it fabrikam. And same as before, it's not going to have any targets yet. Now let's go to the next step. As you can see here, we have created the front end IP address. And we have back in the pools what needs to be created now is the routing rules. So let's go ahead and add routing rules. So we are going to add a contoso rule and we will create a listener as well. Call it Contoso listener front end. IP address is going to be public and here for the listener type, we are going to have multi sites that's going to allow us to host a multiple sites to the application gateway. And then let's put contoso.com. And then for the backend targets, let's select Contoso pool. And since we don't have any Http settings, let's go ahead and create one. Let's call it my Http settings. Leave everything to the default values. And then let's go ahead and add this routing rule. And let's go ahead and create a new one for the Fabrikam website. So we're going to call this role Fabrikam role. And then the listener name. Become listener as well. Front end IP address is going to be public that we have created before, and for the listener type, we are going to have multi sites. And then the host name we are going to put fabrikam.com. And then for the backend targets, let's select fabric and pool and the Http settings that we have created before. And let's go ahead and add this routing rule as well. Now let's go to the next step and create our application gateway. Now while my application gateway is ready for me, let's go ahead and create two VMs for one for Contoso VM and the other one for Fabrikam. To help us test this configurations. So let's go to virtual machines. Let's create a new virtual machine. Let's put it in Australia East Resource Group, let's call it Contoso. VM Australia East Region. Let's select a user name and password. And for the public inbound ports, let's select none. Then moving to the networking and put the VM in the vnet that we have created before. And then let's go ahead and create our VM. Now let's go ahead and create fabric Mvvm. And we are going to put it in Australia East Resource Group. Call it Fabricam VM. Then select a username and password. And for the public inbound ports, let's select none. Moving to the networking, let's put our VM in the vnet that we have created before in the default subnet. And let's go ahead and create our VM, our fabric VM. Now my concerto is ready. Let's now open the cloud shell and run our script that we have run in the previous video to install the IIS with a test page on Contoso VM. So our source group is our Australia East installing. The VM name in this case is going to be Contoso VM and then everything will be all right. Now let's go to the second VM as well and open another cloud shell terminal and run the same script to install IIS and a sample or a test web page on fabric VM as well. So let's paste our command. And change the name. Be fabricam. Right now is has been installed on Contoso as well as fabric VM. Now let's go back to the application gateway. It's been created. Now go to the My application gateway. Go into the backend pools. I'm now going to change the backend targets for all of these backend pools. So I'm going to go to a contoso pool and make my backend target to be Contoso VM. And similar to the fabric pool as well. I'm going to make the backhand target to be fabric and. All right. Now, let's go ahead and test. And copy the public IP address of our application gateway. As you can see here, nothing is found. And if I'm going to go ahead and put Contoso, for example, it's going to open Contoso website for Microsoft. It didn't direct the traffic to Contoso VM that I have created, right? This is because we have missed one important step. Updating the hosts file in the E.t.c folder. As we have created the right routing configurations in the application gateway, it's very important to update the hosts file with the IP address of the application Gateway and Contoso.com and Fabric.com. So let's go ahead and do this. So here I have added two lines in my hosts file with the Contoso.com and Fabric.com, as well as the public IP address for the application Gateway. Let's save our changes and close the hosts file. And let's try put Contoso again. As you can see, still it's not working because we need to update or refresh the DNS configurations. So let's go ahead and open the Windows PowerShell Ipconfig registered DNS. And then to see the DNS, whether the DNS configuration has took place or not. Let's type IPF, ipconfig slash display DNS. And if you scroll up, you're going to see the configurations you have put for Contoso.com here. The host or IP address reflects to the IP address of the application gateway. Same for fabrikam.com as well. So let's get back to my browser and try to type contoso.com. And as you can see, still it doesn't direct the traffic to my VMs. So let's open a new incognito window because we might have some browsing cache that doesn't work well. So let's open Contoso. As you can see now, it routes the traffic to our Contoso VM that we have created. Now let's go ahead and type fabrikam.com. Then it will open or route the traffic to fabric VM that we have created. So what we have done so far is we had created two separate backend pools. And by using the routing configurations in the application gateway, we direct the traffic or route the traffic from two different websites to the right back in the pool, according to our configurations that we have placed in the application gateway. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. Now coming back to my Azure portal, let's go ahead and browse to my resource groups. And let's delete Australia East Resource Group with all of the resources we have created Contoso, VM and all of the other resources that desk and IP address network interface similar to Fabric VM and the Application gateway as well. Let's go ahead and delete that. And also, don't forget to clean up the hosts file and remove these two lines that we have entered. And then save your changes. That's all I have for you for this video. I hope you enjoyed it. And I will see you in the next video. Thanks for watching.