Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we do URL based routing in the application gateway and the scenario that we have for this video. We are going to create an application gateway. Then we are going to create a three different backend pools, one general purpose back in the pool. Then we are going to have images back in the pool and finally video back in the pool. And based on the URL that we are going to put in the address bar, the application gateway is going to direct the traffic to the right pool, to the right backend pool. So when we put just the IP address of our application gateway, then the application gateway is going to route the traffic to the general purpose backend pool. However, when we put images in the URL, then our application gateway is going to direct the traffic to images back in the pool. And similarly for the video, back in the pool as well. This explains what I said earlier, that application Gateway operates at a layer seven. This is going to allow our application gateway to make routing decisions based on Http attributes like the URL in this case. Now, let's go ahead and see how can we do this? Now let's go ahead and create a resource group. Let's call it Australia East Resource Group and put it in Australia East region. Now let's go ahead and create an application gateway. Let's put it in Australia East Resource Group. Let's call it my application Gateway and host it in Australia. East Region Standard Version two. No, no, Autoscaling is required. And then let's put it in the vnet that you have created before and the subnet that we have created for the application gateway. Now let's go to the next step and let's create a new public IP address for our application gateway. Let's call it IP, my application gateway, and then let's go to the next step. Here we are going to create three different backend pools. One, we are going to call it general backend pool. And since we don't have any VMs yet, let's make this empty pool and then we are going to add images back in the pool. Again, no targets. And finally, let's add video. Back in the pool. And again, no targets. Now let's go to the next step. As you can see here, we have configured the front end IP for our application gateway, and we have configured the back end pools as well. What's missing here is to configure the routing rules. So let's go ahead and do it. So let's call it routing rule and let's create a listener for the front end IP. Let's select the public IP address of our application gateway. And then for the backend targets, let's select general backend pool. And for the Http settings, let's go ahead and create one. I'm going to call it my Http settings. And leave everything to the default values. What I'm going to do different in here is to add multiple targets to create a path based rule. So I'm going to make images path in here, call it images. And I'm going to use the Http settings that I just created. And the backend target in this case is going to be the backend pool. The image is back in the pool. Let's go ahead and add this rule and I'm going to add another one for videos. So I'm going to put video slash asterisks. I'm going to call it video and then use the Http settings we have created. And the backend the target is going to be the video backend, the pool. Let's go ahead and add this and let's go ahead and add the routing rule. Now let's go ahead and create the application gateway. And while it's been created, let's go ahead and create three different VMs, one that's going to be used for general purpose and one is going to be used for the images and the other one is going to be used for the videos. So let's go ahead and create our general virtual machine. Let's put it in Australia East Resource Group. Let's call it General VM. Let's put a username and password. And for the public inbound ports, let's select none. Then let's go to the networking and select the vnet that we have created before and the default subnet. Let's go ahead and create the general VM. Also, let's go ahead and create images. VM Again, let's put it in Australia East region. Let's call it images. VM Let's see, select username and password. And no inbound ports. And for the networking, let's select the vnet that you have created and the default subnet. Let's go ahead and create images VM. Finally, let's create videos. Put it in Australia East Resource Group, let's call it video VM. Let's put a username and password. And no inbound ports. For the networking. Let's put it in the vnet that we have created before and the default subnet. Let's go ahead and create the video VM. Now all VMs have been created for me. So let's go to the first one and open a new cloud shell. Let's run a script that I'm going to put in the description box that is going to install IIS and prepare the VM for the testing scenario that you are building. And let's do the same thing on the second VM as well. Let's open another cloud shell terminal. And let's put the script. But here I will need to change the name to be Images VM. Let's go ahead with that. And also let's go to the third tab and open another cloud shell. And let's install the eyes on the videos as well. Let's paste our script and again, let's change the name to be videos VM. Let's go ahead with that. Now we have eyes installed on the three VMs. Now let's go back to our application gateway. And update the backend targets. So for the general back in the pool, let's select a virtual machine. Let's make a general VM. And for the images back in the pool, let's select images VM. And for the video back in the pool, let's select video VM. All right. Now, let's go ahead and test our application gateway and let's copy the IP address. In this case, it will get directed to the general VM because we don't have any specific things in the URL. However, if I'm going to put images. Slash test. Hmm. It's going to get directed to image SVM as you are able to see, because we have defined our path based routing based on the URL string. And same thing. If I'm going to put video in the URL, it will get directed to the video VM. That's all I have for you for this video. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. So let's go to the resource group and let's select Australia East Resource Group. And let's delete our resource group. All right. Thanks, everyone, for watching. And we'll see you in the next video.