Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how we can do a traffic redirection through our application gateway. And the first scenario we are going to see is how we can redirect internal traffic through our application gateway. Let's get started now. Let's go ahead and create a resource group. Let's call it Australia East Resource Group and again put it in Australia East region. Now let's go ahead and create our application gateway. And you've already known the steps. Let's put it in Australia East. Resource group. Call it my application gateway. Put it in Australia. East Region Standard version two No Autoscaling. Put it in the vnet we have created before and the subnet for application Gateway. Now let's go ahead and create a public IP address. And for the back in the pool. Let's create two back end pools. The first one, let's call it Contoso pool. Again, no targets at the moment. Let's go ahead and edit. And then let's add fabric and pull as well. And no target. Now let's go to the configuration tab. Let's go ahead and add a routing rule. Let's call it contoso routing. And then Contoso listener. Public IP address of the application gateway. And then for the backend target, let's select Contoso pool and let's create Http settings. Let's go ahead and add that. Let's go ahead and add the routing rule. Let's add another routing rule for Fabrikam. And let's call it fabrikam. Listener and again listens to the public IP address of the application gateway. And you see here error because it's a basic listener and has the same port number of the previous routing rule or previous listener that we have created. So what we need to do here is to create a multi-site and you have seen this already in multi site hosting in the application gateway, if you remember, let's call it fabrikam.com. And then go into the backend targets. Let's select fabric and pool and select the Http settings we have created before. Before we go away, let's go back to the Contoso listener and select multi site again and type in contoso.com. Now let's go ahead and create our application gateway. While it's been created, let's create two VMs. One for Contoso.com and another one for fabrikam.com. Let's put it in Australia East Resource Group, let's call it Contoso VM. And again, let's put a username and password. No inbound ports. And let's put it in the vnet. We have created before in the default subnets. Let's go ahead and create Contoso VM. And let's do the same for the other VM and create fabric VM as well. Australia East Resource Group. Let's call it Fabric Mvvm. Select a user name and password. No inbound ports and put it in the vnet. We have created before in the default subnets. Let's go ahead and create Fabrikam VM as well. Now the two VMs are ready for me. Let's go ahead and open a cloud shell terminal for both of them. And let's use our commands that we have used before to install IIS on the VMs. Checking the resource group in here. And our Contoso VM. Let's go ahead with that and let's do the same for Fabric and VM as well. Make sure that our resource group name is correct. And put in fabric and VM. Let's go ahead with that. Now the eyes has been installed on both VMs. Now let's go ahead and edit my hosts file. Let's put the public IP address of my application Gateway and Contoso and Fabrikam websites. I wanted to go to my application gateway and let's update the backend pool and assign targets for each pool. So for Contoso back in the pool, I'm going to put Contoso VM and for Fabrikam back in the pool I'm going to assign Fabrikam VM. Let's go ahead and save our changes. And while we are doing this, let's update our DNS. And while we are doing this, let's update the DNS. Let's open Windows PowerShell. And run the command IP config register DNS. Now the deployment has been succeeded. Let's go ahead and open incognito window and try to type in Contoso.com. As you can see, it gets redirected to Contoso VM. Let's open another tab for fabrikam.com. As you can see, it directs the traffic to fabric mvvm. This is exactly what we have been done before in multi site hosting for the application gateway, if you remember. But what we are going to do different in here is to redirect the traffic that coming from Fabric.com to direct users to Contoso.com and we are going to see how we can do this. Let's go back to our application gateway. Let's go to the routing rules and let's go to fabric rule. And for the backhand, the targets here are going to make a redirection. Let's are going to make it permanent. Temporary found or the other. We are going to see what are the differences between all of these a little bit later. Let's make it permanent. And the listener here, it's going to be directed or redirected to contoso listener. So when the users hit Fabrikam listener, it's going to be redirected to Contoso Listener. And let's save our changes. Now let's go back to Incognito to test our changes. When the user type in contoso.com, it will direct the user to contoso VM as usual. But when the user tries to hit fabric.com. They will be redirected to Contoso VM. This is exactly what we have been done recently. We have created a redirection rule to redirect the traffic coming from one listener to another listener within the application gateway. This is just one example or one scenario of traffic redirection within the application gateway. Now let's see another scenario. Let's go ahead and get back to our application gateway and go to Fabrikam rule And. For the target type of the backend targets. Let's make it redirection as it is, but it change it to external site and let's put it in http google.com. And let's go ahead and save our changes and let's see how this is going to change our redirection strategy for our application gateway. Let's open incognito and test it again. When we hit Contoso.com it gets redirected to Contoso vm and when we hit fabrikam.com. It will get redirected to Google.com, as we have specified in our routing rule. So this is another scenario when you want to achieve or implement an external routing through your application gateway. Now we are coming to the last traffic redirection scenario. We are going to do in this video. And what we are going to do now is to how we can redirect Http traffic to Https. And in order to do this, I need to go ahead and create a self-signed certificate. So let's open Windows PowerShell and let's run this command that I'm going to leave in the description box. And then let's go ahead and create a certificate. So what I'm going to do now is to change the thumbprint that we have got from the first command and put it in the second script we have in here. So now we have created a self-signed certificate for Contoso.com. Let's go to our application gateway and create Https listener with the certificates. So let's go to the Application Gateway. Let's go to listeners and add https listener. Let's assign it to the front end IP address, make it Https and let's select the Self-signed certificate that we have just created. And for the listener type, let's make it multi-site. And for the host name, let's put contoso.com. And let's go ahead and add this listener. Now let's go back to the routing rules. An open fabricam rule and change the redirection listener to be https listener. I'm going to contoso routing rule and change the listener to be Https listener as well. Let's go ahead and save our changes. Now. Let's go ahead and test it. Let's open a new browser tab. Type in http fabricam. Com. So this is to show you how the application gateway was able to listen to Http traffic. And then according to the routing configurations and redirection rules, we have put in our application gateway. Our application gateway has been able to view or redirect the Http traffic into Https traffic. And while we are here, it's important to have a look at this web page that lists the different types of redirections we have seen in the application gateway. If you remember, we have seen four types of redirections. Permanent. Temporary. Found or see other. So these are the different Http response codes for each of these types. And I'm going to put a link for this web page in the description box as well. This is all I have for you for traffic redirection into the application gateway. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. So let's go to our resource group. And let's delete our resource group. Thanks for watching. And we'll see you in the next video.