Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how we can do rewriting sets in our application gateway. But firstly, let's talk a little bit about why do we need to do this? Why do we need to rewrite the Http request or response, whether the URL or the Http headers? Actually, there are many reasons or many scenarios you want to do this. First of all, it's security. Maybe you want to provide an additional security to your backend targets by not exposing the endpoints of the backend targets to the user. Or maybe you want to provide additional parameters, query string parameters into the URL based on the user location that is connecting to the application gateway. There are so many scenarios and so many cases you want to use. The rewriting sets into the application gateway. So let's go ahead and see how can we do this? So let's go down to rewrites and create a rewrite set. Let's call it my rewrite set and let's select the internal role that we have created before. Let's go to the next page. Now let's go ahead and add rewrite rule and let's add a condition. And our condition will be based on a server variable. Which is going to be the Uri request. Uri. Case sensitive. Know whether it's not equal to default. And then the action is going to be a URL. We are going to set a new URL for both path and query string parameters. So we're going to have values in the path. Also, we are going to have some parameters like ID equal one and name equals John. And then let's go ahead and create this rewrite set. And in order to be able to tell whether this rewrites takes place or not, I will have to create a log analytics workspace and create a diagnostic settings for the application gateway. And then I will be able to see the Uri changes in the logs in my log analytics workspace. So let's go ahead and create a new log analytics workspace. You don't have to do this step. Let's put it in Australia. History Resource Group. Let's call it Log Analytics. Application gateway and let's put it in Australia East region and let's create the log analytics workspace. Now let's go back to my application gateway and create diagnostic settings. Let's add diagnostic settings. Let's call it my diagnostic settings. And then here you will be able to choose what are the category groups you want to send to the log analytics workspace? And I'm going to choose all logs and all metrics, and I'm going to send it to a log analytics workspace. As you can see in front of us here. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let's go to the logs to see how we will be able to test our changes. And let's run errors by Uri Query. I'm going to adjust it a little bit and take off these parts. Let's run the query one more time. Let's scroll a little bit to the right. You will be able to see in the request Uris some of the requests. Your eyes has been updated with the rewrite set that we have created. And also if we scroll a little bit more to the right, you will be able to see the ID and name equal John, that we have created in some requests. So this is just to show you how we can use rewriting sets in the application gateway. However, I'm going to show you another link. I'm going to put it in the description box as well that has different rewrites, scenarios for Http headers and URL in the application gateway. I'm not going to implement everything in this web page, but it's a good to keep it for your reference to be aware of what are the most common rewrite scenarios that people are doing in the application gateway. That's all I have for you in this video. However, I'm not going to delete the application gateway because I'm going to need it for the next video where we are going to talk about the auto scaling and zone redundancy. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video.