Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how we can use Application Gateway as an internal load balancer. And to be able to achieve this, we primarily are going to use the private IP address of our application gateway, so it will allow it to direct the traffic internally across multiple VMs. Let's get started and see how can we do this? Let's create a new resource group, let's call it Australia Resource Group. And let's put it in Australia east region and let's create it. Now let's create our application gateway. Let's put it in Australia East Resource Group. And call it my application gateway. Put it in Australia. East Region Standard version two No auto scaling is required. And then let's put it in the vnet we have created before and in the application subnet that we have created. Now let's go to the next step. And here is the key difference here. We used to use the public IP address only for our application gateway. However, in this case we are going to use a private IP address as well. Keep in mind that if we are going to use a private IP address only for your application gateway, you will have to use the standard tier of your application gateway. And what I'm going to do now is to use both public IP address and private IP address. Let's go ahead and create a public IP address. And then let's assign a private IP address for our application gateway. Keep in mind that this private IP address has to be in the subnet that you have created your application gateway in. And if you put something completely random, you're going to get some hints from Microsoft to tell you what is the right subnet that you need to be using. Now let's go to the next step. Let's add a backend pool. Let's call it my backend. Pool without no target. And let's go ahead and add our configuration. Let's create a routing rule. Let's call it internal routing. Internal rule. Let's call it internal listener. And then for the front end IP address, I'm going to choose the private IP address. So I'm creating a listener to listen to the traffic on the private IP address. And then let's go to the back end targets and let's select our back end pool and let's select or create a new Http settings. Let's call it my Http settings. And let's go ahead and create. Um, our routing rule. Now let's go ahead and create our application gateway. While it's been created. Let's go ahead and create two VMs. So let's create a virtual machine, put it in Australia East Resource Group. Let's call it my VM one. Let's select a username and password. And no inbound ports. And then for the networking, let's put it in the vnet. We have created before and in the default subnet. Let's create our VM. Now I'm going to go ahead and create another VM. Similar as before put it in Australia East Resource Group. Call it Vm2. Put a username and password. And no inbound ports. And for the networking, let's put it in the vnet that we have created before and in the default subnet. Let's go ahead and create it. Surely I'm going to create a third VM, so I'm going to test the internal load balancing part from it. So let's go ahead and create a third VM. And put it in Australia. Resource Group and I'm going to call it Test VM. Let's put a username and password. And no inbound ports or probably we need to leave the inbound ports for this VM to allow me to log to the VM remotely. However, if you have a Bastion host already for your subnet or for your vnet, you can use it straight away. But I'm not going to create a new Bastion subnet because it's going to cost you more money. So I'm going to stick to allow incoming ports for RDP to allow me to log into my VM and perform my testing. However, you should never do this in production environments. Now, going into the networking, I'm going to put it in the vnet we have created and the default subnet and let's go ahead and create. Our test. Now let's get back to our first VM and let's open the cloud shell to install Ise on our VM using the script we have used before in the description box. So let's paste our command here. And let's go ahead with that. And similarly for the VM too, let's open the cloud shell and install IIS on the second VM on VM two. However, we don't need to do this on the test VM because we are going to log remotely into test VM. Let's paste our command. Let's change the name to be Vm2 and let's go ahead with that. Now I have eyes installed on both VMs, so let's go to my application gateway. And update the back in the pool targets. And let's select the virtual machine, select the VM one and another virtual machine VM two. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Now just to prove my point. That we haven't configured a listener on the public IP address of our application gateway. Let's go ahead and try to ping the public IP address and see what we are going to get. And as you can see, it didn't get us anything. However, you should be able to direct it to any other traffic you want by creating a listener on the public IP address so you can have both public IP address and private IP address on the same application gateway. Now let's go ahead and go to our test KVM. And connect to it using RDP. To test the internal load balancing of our application gateway. Let's put it in my username and password I've created for the VM and let's log it to the VM. Now let's go to my local server. And it change i.e. enhanced security configuration to be off. Just help me to do my testing. And now let's get back to my application gateway and copy the private IP address of my application gateway. Let's get back to my test VM. Let's open Internet Explorer. Let's put the private IP address of my application gateway. As you can see, it directs the traffic to VM one. And as I refresh the page, you are able to see that sometimes it gets VM one, sometimes it gets the VM two. This is to show you how we can use the application gateway as an internal load balancer and however you can achieve both. Having the application Gateway works as an internal load balancer using the private IP address of the application gateway. At the same time, you can use it as a public load balancer by using the public IP address of the application gateway. That's all I have for you for this video, and I'm not going to delete the resources in this video because I'm going to use the current application gateway we have created in the next video to show you how we can use it to do rewriting sets. So we are going to see how we can do URL rewriting in our application gateway. Thanks for watching. And I'm going to see you in the next video.