Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about autoscaling and zone redundancy in our application gateway. So let's go to the configuration tab. And as you can see here, we have two capacity types, whether it's manual or auto scaling for manual. We have currently two instances for our application gateway, and this is actually the recommended capacity or instance counts to have for production workloads. Why is that? Because we usually create our application gateway to work as a load balancer for maybe 10 or 20 backend targets. And we want to avoid having our application gateway to be a single point of failure for our architecture, because when our application gateway starts to get so much traffic, it might affect its availability and then it's going to be a single point of failure that could bring your whole architecture down. Not to mention that there are some issues might happen in the availability zones where the application gateway is hosted, which is again is going to affect your architecture. So as a rule of thumb, it's good to have as a minimum two instance counts for your production workloads. For non-production workloads, it's okay to have just one instance count. Now let's have a look at the auto scale part. In the auto scaling for our application gateway, you will get to specify the minimum instance count and the maximum instance count for the application gateway. And we all know how Autoscaling works. At any point of time, our application gateway instances will never go below the minimum instance count we have specified which is two. At the same time, the application gateway instances will never go above the maximum instance count we have specified here, which is ten, by the way. Let's have a look at the maximum instance count we could have for our application gateway. As you can see here, it's 125 for a standard version two, and it would be a little bit less for version one. Anyway, let's bring it back to ten. Now let's have a look at the minimum instance count for Autoscaling because it's really interesting. As you can see here, you can have minimum instance count set to zero for autoscaling. It doesn't mean that you are not going to have any application gateway instances, but it means that you are not going to have additional instances or reserved capacity for your application gateway. Although you can set the minimum instance count to zero in the autoscaling settings, you are not able to do the same for manual for manual capacity type than minimum instance. Count has to be one for your application gateway. This is just a little difference between manual and auto scaling capacity types for your application gateway. Now, I'm not going to save these changes and let's go ahead and create an application gateway. I'm not actually going to create it. I'm just going to show you something for the zone redundancy because it's available only when you create the application gateway. And if you want to change it later on, you can change it using the command line as your command line. As you can see here, we have a standard version two. When we enable auto scaling, you will be able to set the minimum number of instances and the maximum number of instances. And as you can see in this tooltip here, zero instance count means that there is no additional reserved capacity for your application gateway. However, high availability is still going to be maintained for your application gateway. And the interesting thing that you will get to specify when you create your application gateway is to specify the different availability zones where you are going to create or launch different instances for your application gateway. Ideally, you want to deploy it in more than one availability zone. This is to ensure that your architecture will be resilient and solid for any sudden changes that might happen in different Azure availability zones. Also keep in mind that when you create a new instance, it usually takes 5 to 7 minutes until it takes place and it's going to be a downtime for your application gateway. Also, it's important to mention that when we create a new instance, it usually takes between 5 to 7 minutes until it's completed. And if you don't want this to have any downtime for your application gateway, what you can do is to configure your application gateway to have a minimum instance, count set to two. Ideally in different availability zones as well. And as I've already said before, it's really recommended for production workloads to have as a minimum two instance counts for your application gateway. And each application Gateway instance can support around ten capacity units and we are going to understand more. What does it mean in the monitoring section when we get to it? That's all I have for you for the Autoscaling and zone redundancy. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. Let's delete the resource group and the resources we have been using for the last few videos. So let's go to Australia East Resource Group. And let's go ahead and delete it. This is going to delete the application Gateway, the three VMs we had created in addition to the Log Analytics workspace. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video.