Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about SSL termination on the application Gateway. But firstly, let's talk a little bit about what SSL traffic termination means. Let's look at this diagram here. Let's assume that the users are interacting with the application gateway using Https, which is secured by SSL certificate and has SSL encryption on that traffic. And what's it going to happen in the case of SSL termination that the application gateway is going to decrypt the traffic and then we'll continue the communication with the rest of the backend. The target's unencrypted over Http. This is what SSL termination means. And I hear some of you are asking, why do we need to do this? Why do we need to encrypt the traffic at the application gateway side and continue the traffic unencrypted with the rest of the back end targets? And there are four main benefits for doing the SSL traffic termination at the application gateway side. First of all, is improved performance for your architecture. Let's agree on something. The biggest performance challenge any server would experience in when the server is trying to do the SSL decryption. This is why you will see that the server is going to store or save that decryption values into the cache for future use. And what's going to happen when we do the SSL termination at the Application Gateway, then the application gateway is going to store the decryption into the cache to be used in future communications with the particular client. But if we have done the SSL decryption at the backend servers, then every time the client is going to send the request reaching to the backend targets, then the back end targets will have to re authenticate, which is going to impact the overall performance of your architecture. And this is the first point for using the SSL termination at the application Gateway. And the second benefit is you are going to have a better utilization on the back end targets because you are going to move or offload, so to speak, the SSL decryption from the back end targets to the application gateway. Leaving the back in the targets with more resources to do its main tasks. Also the third benefit you are going to get in here. When we decrypt the traffic at the application gateway side, you are going to have more visibility on the request content like request headers, Uri and so on. And this will allow the application gateway to do more intelligent routing to other back end targets. Finally, and more importantly, which has an operational lens, which is the certificate management, it's going to be much easier for you to manage the certificates, the SSL certificates at the application gateway side rather than have to manage them at all back in the targets you have in your architecture. So this is just a briefly to tell you why do we need to use SSL termination? In some scenarios, however, some security agencies or some government agencies will have some requirements to use end to end encryption between the client and the back end targets. And in this case, you will have to use end to end SSL encryption, which you are going to talk about in more details in the next video. Now, after we understood what SSL traffic termination means and what are the benefits of it, let's get back to Azure portal and start creating our resource group to see how this work. Let's call it Australia East Resource Group. And let's put it in Australia, estrogen. Let's go ahead and create it, then go into the application gateways. Let's go ahead and create one. Put it in Australia Resource group, call it my application Gateway, put it in Australia East region, no Autoscaling and put it in our vnet that we have created and in the application gateway subnet moving to the front end ports, let's go ahead and create a public IP address for the application gateway. Let's go to the back end. Let's create a back end pool. Let's call it my back end pool. And let's make it empty Pool. Going to the configurations. Let's add a routing rule. Let's call it my routing rule. And then the listener. Let's call it my listener. Select our public IP address. And then let's select a back in the target, select my back in the pool and let's create Http settings. Let's call it Http settings. And let's go ahead and add the routing rule and then let's go ahead and create our application gateway. And as you already know, it takes about few minutes for the application gateway to be ready. So let's go ahead and create a new virtual machine that we are going to use in this scenario. So I'm going to create a new virtual machine. Did in Australia is the resource group, I'm going to call it Contoso VM, and then I'm going to put a username and password for the VM. No, inbound ports are going to be open and then go into the networking. I'm going to put it in the vnet that we have created before and in the default subnet, let's go ahead and create our VM. All right, now my VM is ready. Let's go ahead and open a Windows PowerShell as an administrator to create a Self-signed certificate. And let's run this command that I'm going to leave in the description box. Then let's copy the thumbprint that we have got from the first command and put it in the second command here to get the certificate. Right. And let's go ahead with that. Now we have created the certificate. No. Let's have a look at the listeners. Now, if you remember when we created a listener, we have created Http listener, which is actually is not going to work. What we need to do is to create Http https listener. And as you can see here, there is no option for me to change the listener type from Http to Https. What you can do instead is to go ahead and create a new listener. Let's call it SSL listener, and then it's going to be on the public IP address. And then let's select Https. And then in this case, I will have to upload a certificate whether to upload it from a key vault or upload it from my machine. So I'm going to call it application Gateway certificate. And then the PDF file that we have created using the PowerShell window and then putting the password for the certificate, which was one, two, three, four. Let's leave the SSL profile for now. We are going to come back to it in a bit. Now let's add this listener. Now, I will need to update the routing rules and everything in my application gateway to listen to the new listener that we have created. So in my routing rule, I'm going to update it to listen to the SSL listener, and then it's going to route the traffic to my backend pool. And if you notice here, the Http settings are going to remain Http settings. We don't need Https settings. If you remember, we are doing SSL traffic termination, so we are terminating the traffic after the application gateway receives it. And then we aim to continue the traffic, unencrypted with other backend targets. So in this case we only have to use Http settings for the routing rules. We don't need Https settings. Now getting back to our application gateway and let's save our changes. And now I'm going to go ahead and update the backend pool and select a VM as a backend target. Let's go ahead and save our changes. And while we are waiting for this, let's go ahead and install IIS on contoso VM that we have created so we can perform our test. Let's open a new cloud shell terminal. And let's run this command to install IIS on contoso VM. So I'm going to change the VM name in here. Let's go ahead with that. All right, now I have everything set up. Now let's go. Now, let's go ahead and test it. Let's copy the public IP address of my application gateway. Put it in the address bar. As you can see, it didn't get us anything because we have used Http to hit the IP address of our application gateway, which is not linked to any routing rules. And if I'm going to change it to Https instead of Http, then we are going to see that my antivirus shows that it's a self-signed certificate and it shows me a warning. So I'm going to go ahead with I'm wishing to continue. As you can see here, it directed us to Contoso VM. This is to show you how we can have an encrypted traffic communication between the client and the application gateway, and then we decrypt it at the application gateway and continue the traffic unencrypted with the backend targets. This is what we call SSL termination. That's all I have for you in this video. However, I'm not going to delete the application gateway yet because we are going to use it in the next few videos. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video.