Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how we can do an end to end SSL encryption through the application gateway. Just to recap on the previous video, we have seen how the users can send encrypted traffic to the application gateway, and then the application gateway is going to decrypt the traffic by doing SSL termination at the application gateway and continue the traffic unencrypted to the backend targets. Now we are going to do end to end encryption, which means all the communication between the users to the back end. The target has to be encrypted. And actually what's going to happen not quite different from the first scenario. So when the application gateway receives an encrypted request from the users, what's going to happen is that the application gateway is going to decrypt the traffic again, even though it's an end to end SSL encryption scenario. So the application gateway is going to decrypt the request coming from the user so the application gateway can really sees what's inside the request to be able to route it to the right back end target. And then what's going to happen, and this is the main difference between the SSL termination scenario and end to end scenario. So what's going to happen in the end to end SSL encryption scenario is that the application gateway is going to initiate a new SSL connection between the application gateway and the back end targets. The Application Gateway is going to initiate the new SSL connection using an Http https settings that we are going to define in the application gateway. The Https settings are using the back end target certificates. This will allow the application gateway to initiate a new SSL connection between the application gateway and between the back end, the targets and any response from the back end. The targets are going to follow the same approach going to the application gateway and then going back to the user. This is how we can do end to end SSL encryption through the application gateway. So it's a primarily the main thing that we will need to do now is just to go ahead and create Https settings and provide the back end target certificates into those settings to have end to end SSL encryption through the application gateway. So let's go ahead to the Azure portal and see how can we do this. So this is my application gateway, and let's go to Http settings and I have already created Http settings. Let's go ahead and create Https settings, let's call it SSL settings. And again, the back end protocol in this case is going to be Https. And as you can see here in this case, I need to provide a certificate file. And if you have tools like open SSL, you can use it to get your key file for your back end targets. However, I'm not going to do this for this video. And let's go ahead with the well-known CA certificate. However, it's not going to work at the end. I'm just showing you the steps and then let's leave everything to the default values and let's save our changes. So now by creating this new SSL settings that are using Https connection between the application gateway and the backend targets, this is going to ensure that we are going to implement an end to end SSL encryption between the users going through the application gateway and then ending up to the back end targets. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video.