Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about ingress controller, add on for AKs and we are going to do this by a greenfield deployment. And what I mean by Greenfield, we are going to deploy a brand new AKs cluster as long as with a brand new application, gateway cluster. And then we are going to see how both are going to talk to each other to route the traffic from the application gateway to AKs application that we are going to deploy. Let's get started by creating a resource group. And let's call it Australia East Resource Group. And let's put it in Australia east region and let's go ahead and create it. Now let's open a cloud shell terminal. And let's paste this command that is going to install application Gateway as well as Kubernetes cluster ECS cluster. Let's go ahead with that. All right, Now let's run this command to get the cluster credentials. And finally, let's deploy a sample application on our AKs cluster so we can test it through our application gateway. All right. Everything is now set up for us. Let's go to our application gateway and see what is the public IP address of our application gateway. But you might have noticed that the application gateway is still updating because once we run the first command to install the application Gateway and the AKs cluster, the application gateway setup hasn't finished yet, so we need to wait a little bit of time until the application gateway deployment is done and then we can test our application gateway or the public IP address of our application gateway. And at that point it will redirect us to the sample application that we just deployed on the AKs cluster. All right, now my application gateway is ready. Let's copy the public IP address of my application gateway and put it in the address bar and test it. And as you can see here, it opens the sample application that we have deployed in our AKs cluster. This is just to show you how we can use the application gateway to route traffic to another backend service or backend target. And in this case, it was AKs. And if you go back to the application gateway, you will be able to see that the command that we run at the first place have already created the backend targets, Http settings and the listeners and routing rules that will allow the application gateway to direct the traffic to the backend target AKs. And this is why we call it a greenfield deployment. Everything is going to be deployed, brand new deployment, whether it's a cluster or the application gateway. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. Let's go to the resource groups and I'm going to delete Australia-east Resource Group. And also there is another resource group has been created for the cluster. Let's go ahead and delete it as well. That's all I have for you for this video. And in the next video, we are going to see how we are going to use AKs cluster with an existing application gateway. And that's what we call it, a brownfield deployment. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video.