Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see the ingress controller for AKs through a brownfield deployment like we are going to have an application gateway already created for us and then we are going to create an AKs cluster. Then we are going to see how we can let both of them talk to each other. We are going to have to create a vnet peering between the two Vnets that application Gateway and the AKs cluster is hosted and also to do some other configurations in the AKs cluster. So let's get started by creating a resource group. And let's call it Australia East Resource Group. Let's put it in Australia East region and let's go ahead and create it. Now let me open a cloud shell terminal and let's go ahead and run this command that is going to install AKs cluster into our subscription. However, if you notice here, this time we are not going to have an application gateway compared to the last command we run in the previous video. Let's go ahead with that. And while our cluster is being created, let's go ahead and create an application gateway. Let's put it in Australia East Resource Group and let's call it my application gateway. Put it in Australia East region, No Autoscaling and let's put it in the vnet. We have created before and in the application gateway subnet. Now let's go to the front end. Let's create a new public IP address. Let's call it IP application Gateway. And then let's go to the back end pool and let's go ahead and add one. Let's call it my back end pool and no target so far. Now let's go to the configuration tab and let's go ahead and add a routing rule. Let's call it. Routing rule. And let's put a listener. And let's select the public IP address of our application gateway. And for the backend targets, let's select my backend pool and let's go ahead and create Http settings, my Http settings. And let's go ahead and add the routing rule. Now let's go ahead and create our application gateway. All right. Now, let's go ahead and run this command to get our cluster credentials. I'm going to change the resource group here to be our resource group, Australia-east. And let's go ahead with that. All right, now let's run our last command to install a sample application on our cluster. Let's go ahead with that. All right. So we have everything ready for us now. So let's go to the cluster. And let's see how we are going to link both together. The Application Gateway and the ECS cluster. Let's browse to networking. And at the end here we are going to see application gateway ingress controller, and let's go ahead and enable it. Then you are going to choose whether to create a new application gateway or to choose an existing one. So we are going to use our application gateway that we have already created to just show you how it's going to work. And this is what we mean by the brownfield deployments. As you can see here, I have got an error because there is an overlap between the address space in both vnets. What does this mean? So let's go to the Vnets. As you can see here, this is the vnet that I've created the first place. It has address space 10.020. Cidr Range 16. And this is a new vnet that has been created for the cluster. And as you can see, the address space is ten 20.0.0/8. And as long as there is an overlap between these two vignettes, I can't make a peering connection between them. So what I'm going to do now is to go ahead and change the address space of the vnet that's been created for my Kubernetes cluster because it's really too big. So let's go to the address space. But before that, let me check the address space for our Kubernetes subnet. Probably I'm going to copy it over and put it in the address bar for the subnet for the vnet. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let's get back to my cluster. And go into the networking. Select again. Application Gateway Ingress Controller and select our Application Gateway. You will see that there is no errors anymore. Let's go ahead and save our changes. Right now. The ingress controller has been completed for my cluster. Let's go back to the application gateway and see how this changed. As you can see here. We can read that one of the backhand targets are not reachable or not healthy, receiving 5 or 2 error. We are going to come back to this in a bit, but going to the backhand pools, you will be able to see here another back in the pool has been created with a new target which links our application gateway to the AKs cluster that we have created. So this has been done when we enabled the ingress controller for the application gateway in our AKs cluster. Now let's get back to the error that we have just seen. 502 error. One of our backend pools are not healthy. Why is that? Remember when I said at the beginning that we will need to have a vnet peering between both vnets given that we have our AKs cluster in one vnet and our application gateway in another vnet they can't see each other. And what we need to do now is to link or have a net peering between these two Vnets Let's go ahead and do this. Go to peering and let's add Vnet peering. Let's call it peering source. And call the remote one peering remote. And then let's select the cluster of peering and go ahead with that. Now the v net peering has been created between the two v nets. Just wait a few seconds until it's been established, and then we can go ahead and test reach to our application through the application gateway. All right. Now, the vnet peering has been connected between the two vnets. Let's go back to my application gateway. And we still see this warning. Anyway, I'm going to copy the public IP address of my application gateway and go ahead with that. As you can see, we have been able to open the Web app or ASP.Net App from our application gateway in a brownfield deployment. Although each of the application Gateway and the AKs cluster has been deployed to a different vnet, we have been able to connect to both of them by using Vnet peering. That's all I have for you in this video. Now I'm going to go ahead and clean things up. Let's go to Resource Group. And let's delete our resource groups. And then delete the other resource group that has our cluster. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.