Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we create a web application firewall for our application gateway. So in the previous videos, if you remember, we have always created a standard tier for our application gateway. And in this video we are going to create a web tier for our application gateway. Let's get started and head to the application gateway and let's create one. I'm going to put it in Australia East Resource Group and call it WAF, and I'm going to host it in Australia, East region and in the tier here I'm going to select WAF version two. And no auto scaling is required. And you may notice the difference here when I have selected version two that you have to choose the firewall status, whether it's enabled or disabled. Also its mode, whether it's detection only or prevention. So I'm going to leave it to the default values. Enabling the firewall with detection mode. Also, when I selected version two, I will be able to choose which availability zones to host or deploy my application gateway or my WAF. Http two is going to be disabled and I'm going to put it in Australia East Vnet we have created before and in the subnet we have created for the application gateway. And let's move to the next step and I'm going to create a public IP address and I'm going to call it IP WAF. Let's go to the back end and I'm going to create a back end pool. With no targets. And then for the routing rules, I'm going to create a routing rule. To send the traffic from the public IP address of my application gateway to the backend pool. I have created and let's go ahead and create Http settings as well. And let's add our routing rule. Now let's go ahead and create our application gateway. All right. The application gateway now has been created. So let's go to the application gateways and browse to WAF. And as you can see here, a new menu item for web application firewall. And there are different configurations you can change and save your changes accordingly. So in here we are able to see some global parameters, like the maximum request body size. You can specify it in the web application firewall settings in addition to the file upload limit as well. If you want to put some restrictions on the size of the files that are going to go through the application gateway. Let's go ahead and have a look at the rules as well. As you can see here, the rule set has been selected to be a Wasp three. However, we are going to see how we are going to change or play around with these rules in a bit. Now let's go ahead and create a web application firewall policy. And there is a reason they put it separate from the application gateway. So let's go ahead and create a new Web application firewall policy. As you can see here, you can specify or create this policy either for global Web, like a front door or a regional web application, Gateway or Azure CDN. And it's still in preview. So I'm going to go ahead and create a policy for our application gateway, and I'm going to put it in Australia East Resource Group. I'm going to call it WAF policy. In Australia, East policy state is enabled and detection mode now moving to the next step. You are going to specify the rule set you are going to use for the web application firewall policy. As you can see here, we have selected Owasp 3.1 because 3.2 is still in preview. And while you are creating the WAF policy, you have the ability to choose from what are the policies you are going to enable or disable on your web application firewall policy. So these are the different policies that are applicable for Owasp 3.1. And you can choose any of these policies and go ahead and disable it if you want. So when you create your web application firewall policy, you have more freedom and flexibility to disable which policies are not going to work for your organization or which rules are not going to work for your security settings. However, we are going to keep everything to the default values. And then let's go to the next page. This is where we are going to specify our policy settings. And we have seen something similar in the application gateway itself, where you specify the maximum request body size and the maximum file upload size as well. Then moving to the custom rules, let's add a new custom rules and see what's in there. I'm going to call it Rule one and I'm going to give it a priority one. So we have a condition here. If the geolocation is coming from a request header called the location and it's not equal to Australia, then we are going to deny the traffic. So this is just a custom rule we have created in our web application firewall to block any traffic coming outside of Australia. Let's go ahead and edit, then move into the association. So in this page you are able to associate your policy with either application gateway or Http listener. So let's try to do the both. Let's go for the Http listener and we are going to choose the WAF we have created and we have a listener we have created for our WAF. If you remember. And also I'm going to go ahead and associate our policy with our application gateway. We have created and as you can see here, we have got a warning that our application gateway has already our policy. And if we associated the new policy were creating to our application gateway, it's going to override these changes. So I'm going to go ahead with that and I'm going to add our application gateway as well. And now let's go ahead and create our policy. Right now, our policy has been created. So let's head straight to it. And in here you will be able to manage your policy settings and your managed rules as we have created Owasp 3.1 and also the custom rule that we have created to block any traffic coming outside from Australia. And you are able to see the associated gateways as well. Application gateways. We have associated it to the whole gateway instance in addition to a specific listener for the application gateway. That's all I have for you in this video. Now I'm going to go ahead and clean things up, so I'm going to delete the WAF application gateway I have created before. All right. Now my application gateway has been deleted. Let's go ahead and delete the WAF policy I've created before. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.