Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the diagnostic settings for the application Gateway. So let's get started and go to the application gateway I've created and let's scroll down to diagnostic settings. As you can see here, when you go ahead and create diagnostic settings, you will have an option to choose from different log categories. Obviously, first I need to put it in the name, my settings, and in here we are going to see different log categories and we're going to go through them one by one quickly. The first log category we have in here is the access log application, Gateway Access Log. Which allows you to see the access patterns for your application Gateway. Allows you to see the caller IP address requested URL response latency, return code bytes in and out from your application gateway and the access logs are collected every 60s. And coming to the second category we have here is the performance log, which allows you to see how your application gateway instances are performing. Using the performance logs, you will be able to see different information like total requests being served by your application gateway and the total throughput in bytes. Total requests served, failed request counts and the number of healthy and unhealthy backend instance counts as well. All of these things are going to be collected every 60s in the performance log. And finally we have the firewall log, which shows you the different prevention mode of your application gateway. Whether you set it for detection mode or prevention mode, you are going to see all of this information in the firewall logs and similar as before, firewall logs are collected every 60s So I'm going to go ahead and select all logs and all metrics and I'm going to send all of these data to a log analytics workspace. Obviously I need to go ahead and create one. So let's create log analytics workspace. And I'm going to put it in Australia East Resource Group and I'm going to call it my log analytics workspace. And I'm going to put it in Australia East region. And let's go ahead and create my log analytics workspace. All right. Now my Log analytics workspace is ready. Let's go back to the application gateway and let's refresh this page. So I'm going to create or add a new diagnostic settings. I'm going to call it my settings, selecting all logs, all metrics, and send them to the log analytics workspace I have just created and I'm going to go ahead and save my changes. As you can see here, my diagnostic settings has been applied to the application gateway. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'm going to see you in the next video.