Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the application gateway metrics and you can go to the application gateway metrics by browsing through the monitoring section and head straight to metrics. Then you will be able to see the different metrics that are available for you in the application gateway. And even better, you can apply even some filtering on the selected metrics. However, there is another way to view application gateway metrics, which I really prefer and like. So I'm going to go to insights instead, and then I'm going to click on View Detailed metrics, which is going to view the same application gateway metrics we have seen before. However, it puts it in a different graphical representation and puts them under different categories, which is going to make more sense to you. Before we dive deep into it, let's talk a little bit more about the key metrics for your application gateway, starting with the unhealthy host count. And this is the count of the back end instances that are unhealthy based on the health probe that you have defined for your application gateway. And we are going to talk about the health probe in a little bit. Having the field requests counts, which is the count of the field number of requests. And in application Gateway version two, this is the number of 500 response codes been returned from your application gateway. Then you have the current capacity units, which is an interesting one. We are going to see in more details in here in the performance section. But briefly, it combines three different metrics or dimensions current compute units and throughput and current connections. Now let's dive deep into the performance category to see what are the different metrics that are available for us to use in the performance category. First, the metrics we have in here is the capacity units. And as you can see per description here, it's been determined by three dimensions compute unit, current connections and throughput. And just below it you will be able to see more detailed information about these three metrics. Like in here, you will be able to see more information about the compute units, and the compute unit simply is the processing power required from the application gateway to do certain actions like URL rewriting or header rewriting or SSL connection encryption decryption, or maybe applying a rule on the application gateway. All of these things comes under compute units. Then we have the current connections, which is measured by the number of concurrent connections between the clients and the application gateway. Then we have the throughput, which is the average bytes per second processed by the application gateway. These three metrics contributes to the overall results you are going to see in the capacity units for the application gateway. And at the bottom here, you are going to be able to see the number of bytes sent from the application gateway and the number of bytes received from the application Gateway. Those are the key metrics that are going to help you to determine how your application gateway is performing. Now moving on to the second category of metrics, which is the latency metrics. And this is very, very important to understand what are the key differences between some of these metrics. So in the first graph here, we have a combination of the application gateway total time versus the backend, last byte response time. Let's first understand what is the difference between both. And to help you understand this better, I'm going to refer you to this graph here. So this is the application Gateway total time, which is the interval between when the application Gateway received the request from the client till the application gateway sends the last response to the client. It's like an end to end journey from receiving request to responding with a response. However, for the backhand, the last byte response time. This is the interval between when the application gateway received the request from the client till the application Gateway received the last response from the backend targets. So we have a gap in here to understand how much time been required from the application gateway to be able to send all response to the client. So this is the key benefit from having this graph here and having both of these metrics in one graph. So, for example, as we can see in here, the application gateway total time is pretty stable, which is the blue dotted line. However, the backend last byte response time had a spike. Which means the backend required some time until it finishes sending all of the responses to the application gateway, which is okay. Sometimes if we didn't have enough cash for the backend targets. However, if this graph two lines has been reverted, like if we had a spike in the application gateway total time and the backend, the last bite response time was stable, that would suggest that we have a bottleneck in the application gateway or in the networking part between the client and the application gateway. Getting back to the graph here, if we had a spike in the total time here means that the application gateway took too much time until it forwarded the responses it received from the backend target to the client, which you might suggest that you need to launch an additional application gateway instances or maybe improve the networking between the client and your application gateway. However, it's not going to be a decision you are going to decide based on this metrics only, but you are going to look at the other metrics to see how you can overcome this challenge. Now moving to the second graph we have here, which combines three key metrics. First one is the back end connect time. Second one is the back end, first bite response time. And the third one back end, last bite response time. Let's look at the graph to understand what is the difference between these three metrics. So the backhand connect time. Just the time that it took to establish a connection between the application gateway and the backend targets. As simple as that. And the back in the first bite response time is the interval between when the application gateway sends or started to establish a connection with the backend targets till the application gateway is started to receive the first response from the backend targets. While the back in the last byte response time is the interval between when the application gateway is started to establish a connection with the back in the target until the application Gateway received the last response from the back end. The target. Having these three metrics in one graph will help you to understand more. Where is the latency is at, whether it's in the back end server side or whether it's in the application gateway side. So let's get back to our graph. Now looking at our graph here and try to analyze it a little bit, what will happen if we have a spike in the back in the first byte response time that might suggest that the backend server took too much time until it started to send responses to the application gateway. And in this case, the backend server might be the reason of the latency for our graph. However, if we had a spike in the backend last byte response time, that might suggest that the backend response is too big. That took too much time until it completely finished sending the full response to the application gateway. Again, these are the different scenarios that are going to help you to understand where the latency is at, whether it is in the application gateway or whether it is in the backend server. So these are the different things you need to be aware of in the latency metrics. Now, moving to the traffic metrics, which is going to show you the total number of requests coming through to your application gateway and the number of failed requests. And as you can see here, the number of failed requests are exactly the number of 500 response codes received by the applications Gateway. And also, you are able to see the different numbers across different response code categories, four hundreds, three hundreds and two hundreds. And also at the end here, you are going to see the number of requests being received for different TLS versions, whether it's one, 1.1 or 1.2. Now moving on to the backend metrics, which is quite important to keep them side to side with the application gateway metrics, because sometimes when you get an error, you can't decide whether the error in the application gateway itself or actually the error in the backend server. And you need to do something about it. So having these two metrics next to each other, the application gateway metrics and the back end metrics are going to help you a lot to determine where is the problem and how we are going to solve it. The first matrix we have here is the healthy host count, which tells you how many healthy hosts you have in your application. Gateway, according to the health probe configurations that we are going to talk about in the next video in a future video. Maybe not the next one. And then you have the unhealthy host counts as well that we have talked about at the beginning. And then you have the different response codes received from the back end servers. Interesting point here is that there is zero response code received under 500 category. However, in the previous screen we had ten failed requests under 500 response code category. That would tell you that the 500 response code is caused by the application gateway, not from the back end server, because here at the back end server there is no 500 response code has been returned from the back end target. And for the billing metrics, there is an estimated billed capacity units, which is measured by consumption based, and there is a fixed cost as well, which you are able to see in these graphs here. These are the most important metrics that you need to be aware of for your application Gateway. And trust me, it's going to help you to troubleshoot and diagnose and know where exactly the issue is at in your application gateway. And this is not the end of the journey for the Matrix. So in the next video, we are going to see how we are going to set alerts to notify you when some of the metrics exceeded a certain threshold that you are going to specify according to your requirements in your organization. That's all I have for you for this video. Thanks for watching. And I'm going to see you in the next video.