Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about alerts in the Application gateway. If you remember in the previous video, we have talked about the Matrix and how the Matrix will give you some visibility on what's going on in your application gateway. It will allow you to see where is the problem and what is the problem in your application gateway. And definitely you are not going to be looking at the metrics screen 24 seven so you can detect if something wrong happened with your application gateway. So we want to have some kind of automation that are going to tell you or notify you if a certain metrics has gone beyond or below a certain threshold that you are going to define. And this is exactly what the alerts are doing. So let's go ahead to our application gateway and let's create an alert. So I'm going to go ahead and create an alert rule. I'm going to make it on a specific metric. Let's call it failed requests. And if you remember, the failed requests are the number of 500 response codes that our application gateway has responded with. So it's going to be a good indication for us to know if there is any faults in our application gateway. And selecting a dimension name here for our metric. And I'm going to select all current and future values because if I selected it for the current backend pool and I updated the application gateway, adding more backend pools for future, probably the new backend pools are not going to be included in this alert rule. So by selecting all current and future values is going to ensure that for all future backend pools, I might add to my application gateway, they still are going to be evaluated by this alert rule. Now, when it comes to the alert threshold, we have two options whether to choose the static or dynamic. And it's a pretty simple and straightforward where we are going to define the threshold value for our alerts. So if we have got more than ten 500 response codes over a five minutes period, then the alert is going to trigger and notify us that there is something wrong in our application gateway. And also, you can have a dynamic alert type by specifying the threshold sensitivity, whether it's high, medium or low. And for this case, if it's a 500 error you want to make, the sensitivity is high because it's not very common for your application gateway to start responding with 500 response codes. And you want to be notified straight away when your application gateway is started to respond with 500 response codes. So I'm going to save my changes. And then moving to the actions here, you can add an action group or create an action group. Let's go ahead and create an action group. Let's call it action group. And the notification type. Here you are going to specify whether you are going to notify a group of people based on these options, whether you can notify them by email or SMS or push notification or voice. However, I'm going to leave it empty for now, but you can put the email addresses for the people that needs to be notified when this alert is triggered. Then coming to the actions here, you can specify what is the action type you want to do when this trigger when this alert is triggered. Maybe you can specify an Azure Functions app that is going to do some remediation actions that are going to bring everything back to normal, or you can select any of these services to do any of the remediation action when the alert is triggered. Let's go ahead and create the action group. We have a missing action here. Okay, let's delete it because I am not going to specify a functions app. Now getting back to our alert rule and let's go ahead and create it. Again, we are missing one step here in the details, the name of our rule. I'm going to call it my alert rule. And then let's go ahead and create it. And as you can see here, you are going to pay a little bit of money when you create an alert. And so you need to be very careful on the frequency how you are going to evaluate this alert rule, because it might add more money on your monthly bill. So let's go ahead and create the alert rule. And from here you can go to manage alert rules so you can go ahead and play around with the alert rules you have created for the application gateway. And also you will be able to view the action groups in a separate view in here. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. I'm going to delete the action group and getting back to the alert rule and delete our alert rule as well. That's all I have for you for this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.