Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the log analytics in the Application gateway. So let's go to our application Gateway. And let's scroll down to the logs. But if you remember previously in the Diagnostic Settings video, we have set up diagnostic settings to our application gateway. So let's go ahead and review this quickly. So we have configured our diagnostic settings for the application gateway to send all logs, access logs, performance logs and firewall logs, in addition to the metrics to the application, to the log analytics workspace we have created before. If you want to know the difference between these different categories of logs, I recommend you to revisit the diagnostic settings video for the application gateways. So after we have set up our diagnostic settings to send these different kind of logs to the log analytics workspace, we will be able to see or view different logs in the logs section here in our application gateway. And as you can see here, there are predefined and queries already you can use straight away to tells you what are the different stages in your application gateway. So probably I'm going to go ahead and run errors by you or I query and see what kind of results we are going to be getting. And as you can see here, for the last 24 hours, the query shows me the aggregated values of the requested Uris that's been through the application gateway. So I would suggest you to go through the different queries that you will be able to see for your application gateway and be familiar with them so you are going to use them if you want to troubleshoot or diagnose a certain situation. And if you remember, we have used the log analytics workspace to see how the the URL rewriting took place in our application gateway. And it's one of the previous videos we have done, if you remember. Now, one important thing you need to be aware of. Let's go to the log analytics workspace. And let's select my Log analytics workspace and let's go to usage and estimated cost. And as you can see here, there are two important options data retention. So in this you are going to specify for how long you want to retain the data in the log analytics workspace. The minimum value is 30 days, maximum value is 730, and you can choose how long you want to retain the data for your log analytics workspace. And for the daily cap here you are going to specify how much of the daily data are allowed to be ingested into your log analytics workspace. And as you can see here, there is a little bit of cost estimations based on the daily ingested volumes for your log analytics workspace. It's going to give you a clue of how much is going to cost you at the end of the month. Just to be careful, This is not the actual or estimated cost that I'm going to pay by the end of the month. This is based on 100 gigs per day commitment tier. Not the actual estimated price that I'm going to pay based on my current usage. Just to be aware of that. That's all I have for you for the log analytics workspace and how you can use it to get more information for your application Gateway. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.