Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the back end health and the health process in the application gateway. So let's scroll down to the back end health and see what we are going to get. As you can see here, we have got a healthy back end target for our application gateway. So this is the back end VM We have linked to our application gateway over Http traffic on Port 80 and the response was 200 response code and the back end target is healthy. So when we create our application gateway and link it to our backend target, the application gateway automatically is going to configure a default health probe. I'm going to use it to test the health of the back end targets that are linked to the application gateway. And the application Gateway is going to use the Http settings we have configured to connect to the back end target or a back end server to test whether the back end server is healthy or not. And the default health prop is going to be triggered every 30s to ensure that our back end server is healthy. So who is going to use this information? We are going to use this information from the Azure portal to know the health of the back end servers. Also, the Application gateway is going to use this information to know the health status of the back end servers. So if the application gateway determined an unhealthy back end server, what the application gateway is going to do is to stop sending traffic to the unhealthy server until it became healthy again and the default health probe is going to be run every 30s. So the application gateway continuously monitoring the health of your back end VM servers. So where are the default health probes are configured? Actually, you cannot see it. You can't edit it. They are just being used based on the Http settings you have configured to connect to your back end VM targets. And the default health. The probes are going to be used by the application gateway. As long as you haven't configured or defined a custom health probe. So what is the custom health probe? So if you go to health probes in here and let's go ahead and create a custom health probe, let's call it custom health probe. And here we are going to define how the application gateway is going to do the health check with the back end server. So I'm going to put the IP address of my VM and then the path here back slash. And what's interesting in the custom health probes, you get to define the interval in seconds. The default is 30s, as I said before, in the default health probe, but you can configure it to be much less than that or much longer than that based on your situation. And also you get to define the timeout and the unhealthy threshold. Also, you get to choose the Http settings that the application Gateway Health probe is going to use to perform the test or monitoring the health of the back end VM. So let's go ahead and test our custom health probe before we start adding it. As you can see here, our back in the pool, our back in the VM is healthy. Let's go ahead and add the health probe. And let's go back to the back end health and see what will be the result we will be getting after we define a custom health probe. And as you can see here, our backend VM is healthy. However, in this case, our application gateway used the custom health probe. We have used because we have created a custom health probe that is stopped the application gateway from using the default health probe. So how many tests the backend VM will be receiving? As I said before, the default health probe will send a test signal to the backend VM every 30s. So if we have one application gateway and one listener. And one VM at the back end. So the back end VM is going to get a test signal every 30s. But what if we have two listeners on the application gateway side? Both listeners pointing to the same VM. Then the VM is going to receive two test signals every 30s one for each listeners. All right. Now, what if we have two application gateway instances and each of them has two listeners pointing to the same VM? Then the Target VM is going to receive four test signals every 30s. Two signals for each application gateway instance. And in each application gateway instance, there are two signals are going to be sent for each listener. This is just to help you understand how the application gateway continuously monitoring the health of the back end targets. Now I'm going to go ahead and delete the custom health probe that I have created. And that's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'm going to see you in the next video.