Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the high traffic support for the application gateway. So whether you are using your application gateway as a standard load balancer or as a web. In most cases, you're going to have a bunch of VMs or app services or backend targets to direct the traffic to them. And most probably you are going to have some autoscaling plans for those back in the targets to make sure that you are going to be scaling up and down based on the traffic you are receiving. And the last thing you want to do is to create a bottleneck for your architecture by creating one application gateway instance to receive all traffic coming from the users. It's going to be too much load on one application gateway instance to direct the traffic to all back end targets. So you have done a really good job by creating a scaling plans for the backend targets. At the same time, I don't want you to forget about the scaling plans for the application gateway itself. And if you have seen the auto scaling and zone redundancy videos, you might get the answer straight away. Like we can create auto scaling plans for the application gateway as well, which is absolutely true. So I'm going to head to the configuration here and change the capacity type to auto scaling. So I have two options now to choose the maximum instance count and the minimum instance count. And since I have version two, I can have up to 125 instances for my application gateway. And this is the maximum number of instances I can have for my application gateway. And let's assume that the peak load for my application gateway requires only 50 instances five zero, and it wouldn't be a problem by specifying the maximum instance count too high because again, I have created enough buffer in case of my application. Gateway is started to get unexpected traffic. But when it comes to specifying the minimum instance count, it can be too tricky because if I specified five instances only then it might be a problem or another bottleneck in the architecture. I haven't mentioned that. It takes a few minutes for the auto scaling activities to take place, usually between six seven minutes for the new application gateway instances to be provisioned and to be able to process the traffic. And for those few minutes you don't want to strain or put extra effort or extra pressure on the existing application gateway instances. So that's why it's very important when you specify the minimum instance count is to aim for a reasonable number. So we assumed already that our peak load requires 50 application gateway instances, and in this case, for the minimum instance, count would be 25. A good number. Even better to aim for 30. Application gateway instances as a minimum instance count. This is going to ensure that you have enough number of application gateway instances to handle the normal traffic and also to handle the increased traffic that you might get till the autoscaling activities took place. Definitely. I am not going to save my changes. I don't want Azure to go ahead and create 30 application gateway instances for me and you don't want to do this as well, so I'm going to discard my changes. Now I'm going to show you another way to determine the minimum instance count for the application gateway. So let's head straight to the metrics and I'm going to show you a metric you can look at. I'm going to go to compute units metric. And if you have this metric over one month, it will give you a good idea about what could be the minimum number of instances you should have for your autoscaling plans. That this scale is divided by ten. And also note that when application Gateway instance can handle a minimum of ten compute units. Now let's go back to the scaling. What if. You don't want to do auto scaling. Some companies have certain requirements that actually is not going to fit in the auto scaling plans, or probably they just want to create a manual scaling for their environments so they know exactly when it goes up and when it goes down. And in this case, there is no minimum or maximum instance count. We can specify here. We just have one number we need to put. And getting back to the previous example that our peak load requires 50 application gateway instances. If we put this number in the instance count for the application gateway here again, it's going to be a bottleneck for the architecture because there is no room to handle any unexpected traffic that might come through the application gateway. So as a rule of thumb, if your peak workload is 50 instances, then you should aim to have 55 or 60 instances for your application gateway. If you decided to go ahead with the manual scaling. However, my recommendation for you is to use auto scaling as long as it will meet your requirements. You don't want to set up manual scaling unless you really want to. Now I'm going to discard my changes. A very important part to support high scaling in the application gateway to set up few alerts that keep an eye on a few metrics that are really key to support high traffic through the application gateway. And what I'm going to do now is to go ahead and create these sets of alerts that you should set up for your application gateway to keep an eye on its capacity utilization, error rates, etcetera. So let's go ahead to alerts. I'm going to go ahead and create an alert rule. For compute unit metrics. And I'm going to specify the threshold value like above it. It's going to notify me that something is wrong with the application gateway. So I'm going to specify 7.5 because this scale is divided by ten. So 7.5 reflects to 75% of the compute utilization of the application gateway instances. So this is going to be the first alert that I need to create. I'm going to call it compute alert. Second alert that I need to create. Is for capacity utilization, current capacity units and same as before, I should aim for 75%. And again for the details. I'm going to put capacity alert as a name and I'm going to go ahead and create the alert rule. Also you need to keep an eye on unhealthy instance counts. So let's select unhealthy host count metrics because this gives us a good indication on the number of unhealthy back end targets we have in the application gateway. So I'm going to put a random threshold value here. Let's say ten. However, you should aim to put an accurate number for your use case. And in the dimensions here, I'm going to select all back end pools I have in the application Gateway, Current and Futures. Let's go ahead and add this alert again, unhealthy alert. Also, you should create an alert to keep an eye on the response code status. Whether you are receiving 400/500 through your application gateway. So it's going to be a really good alert to keep an eye on. So for the dimensions here, I'm going to select 405 hundred categories. And if the number exceeds a certain threshold like 20, for example, then this alert is going to be triggered. And in the details here, I'm going to put a name response alert, for example. Also, you want to create an alert for the failed requests. As we've already known, that field request primarily reports the 500 response code for the application gateway. And I'm going to select the backend pool in here current and future and the threshold value. Also, one of the important or useful metrics or alerts you could set up is to keep an eye on the 400 response codes, because usually it tells you that someone might be trying to attack your application gateway. And we are going to see this in a bit. I'm going to call this failed alerts. And let's go ahead and create this alert. When your application gateway responds with 400 response code, that means whether the user is unauthenticated or unauthorized or maybe someone trying to getting through your application gateway. If you started to get hundreds or maybe thousands of these 400 errors over one minute, it might be a good indicator that you are under attack and you should set up this alert as well, like having a response code response status here to be. For 400 only. And if you. Received more than 500. For example, that might be a good indication that you are under attack. Again, let's put authentication alerts. Let's create this alert as well. Then I'm going to go ahead and create two more alerts to give us more indication about the performance and how our application gateway responds to the requests from the application gateway side and from the back end as well. So I'm going to choose another metric last bite back in the last bite response time. And probably for this one, I'm going to choose the back in the pool as the target and I'm going to choose all current and future values. And for this one, let's keep it static. The threshold value, let's say whatever one millisecond or whatever you want to you want to put. And then let's go ahead and add this alert. Let's put a name first. And then here we are going to call it backend last bytes alert. And then let's go ahead and create this alert. And finally, the last alert I'm going to create is for the application Gateway total time. This is, again, to help us understand if there is any latency issue in our application gateway or in the back end targets. Now, I'm going to specify a value here to be five, for example. And selecting a specific listener for the application gateway. I'm going to select all current and future listeners. Let's go to the details and put it in a name. Let's call it total time alert. Let's go ahead and create this alert. So these are the different kind of alerts that you should set up for your application gateway in order to keep an eye on the high traffic support for the application gateway instances. This is not to say that other metrics are not important. We are focusing here on high traffic support for the application gateway and we selected the right metrics that are going to be useful for us for this scenario. Now I'm going to go ahead and delete all of these alert rules I have created. And that's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.