Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the pricing of the application gateway. Before we get started, it's important to mention that the numbers you are going to see in this video are just used for illustration purposes only. They are not an actual numbers. And to get the exact numbers for your region, head to the pricing page or Azure calculator. When it comes to the application gateway pricing, the most important thing I want you to be aware of is that there are two parts of application gateway cost. There is a fixed cost you are going to pay even if you have zero instances for the application gateway. As long as you have created Application Gateway on the Azure portal, you are going to pay this fixed cost. Also there is a capacity unit cost, which we call sometimes variable cost, and these two adds up to be the total cost that you will have to pay at the end of the month for your application. Gateway usage. And I think you already know that a partial our usage is going to be billed as a full hour. Like if you have used your application gateway for ten minutes, you are going to get it charged as if you have used it for one hour. Now let's look at these fixed cost and variable cost pricing for different tiers. As you can see here, the cost per hour is different for different tiers. Standard is way cheaper than tier for the application gateway and similarly for the capacity unit for the standard and the tier as well. Also, I want you to keep in mind something that outbound data transfer. If you are going to send the data outside of the Azure region where the application gateway is hosted, there is additional charge you are going to pay for the outbound data transfers. Now, let's have a look at this example here to help us understand how the pricing works. Let's assume that you have used your application gateway with manual scaling and you set it for eight instances and you used it for a month. So based on that, for the fixed price, it's going to be for the full month, it's going to be $179. However, for the variable cost. So we have eight instances. Each instance have ten capacity units and we are going to multiply it for the number of hours we have per month and it's going to end up with 467. Adding these two values, the fixed cost and the variable cost, it's going to be the total cost that you will have to pay at the end of the month for your application. Gateway usage. And I'm going to put a link for this web page in the description box as there are other examples you can go through to understand how the pricing, how the calculation works for the application gateway. And as we have mentioned before, in the metrics, there are few metrics you can use to understand or to see or set some alerts for the application gateway, whether for the fixed capacity units or for the estimated capacity units. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.