Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the custom error pages for the application gateways. So we already seen what's going to happen when the application gateway cannot reach to one of the backend targets. The application gateway is going to respond with 502 bad gateway response code to the end user. And what the custom error pages is going to do is to provide your own branding and own layout to the end user. So you are going to have a better user experience for the end customer. And there are different scenarios in which you want to implement a custom error pages for your application gateway. When you have a maintenance scenario like some of you are back, the targets are not available for any reason and if the user will be trying to hit these back end, the targets are going to receive 502 bad gateway response or maybe the user is trying to access some pages that the user is not authorized to access them. So these are the two main scenarios for the custom error pages. It's going to be useful if you have your own brand and a custom layout to make a good user experience with the end customer. And when it comes to creating the custom error pages, you could create either a global custom error page that would apply on the whole application gateway instance, or you could create a custom error page on a specific listener, or you could apply them on both. However, when it comes to the global custom error page, it's not supported through the Azure portal yet. What I'm going to do, I'm going to refer you to this web page and I'm going to put a link to it in the description box. So you can use Azure PowerShell to create a global custom error page for your whole application Gateway instance. However, what I'm going to show you now is how to create a custom error page on a listener. So I'm going to go to listeners and then in the listeners here you are able to see error page URL. And if I'm going to click on Yes, in this case you will need to specify two different URLs. It's going to be Http or HTML file extensions for the bad Gateway response code 502 and for forbidden 403 response code. And then you will be able to apply the custom error page on the listener. That's all I have for you for this video. Thanks for watching and I'm going to see you in the next video.