Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the infrastructure requirements for the Application Gateway. As any Azure Service application gateway needs to be deployed in an Azure Vnet and in Azure subnet, there is no difference in here. But when it comes to Azure subnets, there are few things you need to be aware of and it's going to be better if you plan ahead. How you are going to have the size of your subnet that you are going to deploy the application gateway in it. First thing you need to know that Azure Reserve is five IP addresses in every subnet you create in Azure, the first four IP addresses and the last IP address. So if you are going to plan to have 15 application gateway instances in a certain subnet, you want to add the five reserved IP addresses by Azure. So you are going to end up having a 20 IP addresses for your subnet. Five are going to be used by Azure and the 15 are going to be used by the application gateway instances. And if we apply the same thinking and if you want to deploy 27 application gateway instances by adding up the five IP addresses reserved by Azure, then you are going to end up having a 33 IP addresses required to be free and available in your subnets. So generally speaking, when you want to deploy an application gateway version one or version one, both of them can support up to 32 instances. So it's going to be better if you design your subnets having 26 Cidr range for the subnet. This is going to ensure you are going to have enough address space in your subnet so you can scale your application gateway instances in future if you want to. However, when it comes to application Gateway version two or WAF, version two, both can support up to 125 instances, and it's recommended to have subnets with a cider range to 24. Again, this is going to allow more address space in your subnet to allow more room for scalability. These are just a general information you need to be aware of when it comes to the subnets where you are going to deploy your application gateway. And there is a bit of a subnet. Dedication is required as well. Like you cannot deploy any other Azure service in the same subnet where you deployed your application gateway. However, you can deploy additional application gateway instances in the same subnet and you can deploy a new application gateway altogether in the same subnet without any problems. However, you cannot combine both application Gateway version one and application Gateway version two in the same subnet. Both have to be in a separate subnets. These are just a few subnet dedications you need to be aware of when it comes to the application gateway and when it comes to network security groups, you can apply them to the application gateway as well. However, you need to make sure that you allow the incoming traffic on these ports for version one and these ports for version two. This is to ensure that Azure will be able to route traffic to your application gateway instance. And for the outbound Internet connectivity, you want to make sure that it's not blocked. Like you don't remove the default outbound rule or you don't create any other outbound rule that are going to block the default outbound rule for the Internet connectivity. And finally, you want to make sure that the traffic coming from Azure Load balancer tag to any subnets must be allowed. This is all I have for you for the infrastructure setup, for the application gateway, and I'm going to put a link for this web page in the description box. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.