Hi everyone. So throughout this course we have been using the virtual machine as the back end target for our application gateway. And I'm sure some of you already are asking what are the different targets we can have as a back end pool for the application gateway? And in this video we are going to see what are the different back end targets. We can link to our application gateway so we can link our application gateway to network interface or virtual machine scale sets. And this is also includes virtual machines or public IP address or private IP address or Fqdn, which is fully qualified domain name or multi-tenant back end, such as app service. I want you also to keep in mind that the backhand targets doesn't have to be in the same availability set like the application Gateway can have a virtual machine as a back end target. While the virtual machine is in a different cluster or different region or may be outside Azure, as long as it's reachable to the application gateway, as long as there is a connection between the application gateway and the VM, then we can link them together and we can make that VM as a back end target for the application gateway. And if you are linking the back end pool to an internal IP address, it has to be in the same vnet where the application gateway is hosted. However, if you wish to associate a private IP address that sits outside of the Vnet where the application gateway is hosted, then you need to have a Vnet peering or VPN gateway between the Vnet where the application gateway is hosted with the other Vnet that has the private IP address as well. Can have any VM on premise as well as a back end target for your application gateway as long as they are connected either through Azure Express route or VPN Tunnel through VPN gateways. This is just to give you an idea about what are the different back end targets you can have for your application gateway. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'm going to see you in the next video.