Welcome back. In the next three sections, we'll ingest all of the Formula1 files that we uploaded into our raw container. So let me give you a quick overview. Let's do a quick recap of the requirements for ingesting our data first. We want to ingest all of the eight files into our process container. We should apply the right schema to the data, including the column names and data types. We should add some audit columns such as ingested date and the source from where the data has been received. The Ingested data must be stored as Parquet files. The Ingested data should be available for all kind of workloads, such as machine learning, further transformation for reporting, and also analytical workloads via SQL. The data ingestion logic must be able to handle incremental data. So these are the requirements we got our project. Amongst these, we are going to implement the first four in the next three sections. We'll focus on providing the ability to analyze data via SQL and the ability to handle incremental load in the future lessons. So now that we clear about our requirements for ingestion, let's look at what Spark provides in dealing with Data Ingestion scenarios. In any kind of ETL data processing, we have some input data, and the input data can be in files with various formats such as CSV, JSON, etc., or in tables or even in real time streams. The ingestion process usually reads the data, does the necessary transformations such as applying schemas, fixing data quality issues, performing aggregations and then once it's been transformed, writes into an output storage. Again, the output storage could be in file stores, databases or in streams. Spark provides a DataFrame Reader API to be able to read from a range of data sources and file formats. Similarly, it provides a range of DataFrame APIs to be able to transform our data. And finally, Spark also provides a DataFrame Writer API that provides the ability to write data to various data sources and in range of file formats. So we'll use these DataFrame Reader API, DataFrame API and the DataFrame Writer API extensively in the next few sections to achieve our goals. I've split the Data Ingestion into three sections. In this section we'll focus on processing CSV files. In the next one, we'll focus on processing the JSON files and the following one will be focused on processing split CSV as well as the JSON files. I'll teach all of the concepts and work through most of this step by step with you. But at the same time, I would like you to take three of these as assignments, so you can put the learnings into practice. I'll also provide lessons on the three files which you are taking as assignments, just in case you get stuck. So let's get started.