Welcome to this lesson on ingesting the circuits. csv file from our raw container to the process container. First, we'll take the CSV data and read it using the DataFrame Reader API and then perform the necessary transformations and write to the process container using the DataFrame Writer API. The data returned to the process folder will be in Parquet file format, which is a columnar format more suitable for analytic queries. The CSV file has the following columns such as circuit id, circuit reference, name, location, country, latitude, longitude, altitude and URL. As part of the transformations will apply transformations to rename the columns, circuit id and circuit reference from CamelCase to Snake case or variable names with underscores. So the main reason I normally tend to do that is, when I'm working on Python or PySpark, having underscores on the variable names with the lowercase makes them Python standard. And also one of the other reasons why I tend to do this is a lot of the times we tend to create Databricks tables on top of this data, which we'll be doing later in our project. And then you do that and write a standard SQL query, they are case insensitive. So there is nothing stopping someone from writing a query with circuit reference without an uppercase R, so everything could be lowercase and or everything could be uppercase, and it becomes highly unreadable when you have column names, which doesn't have any separation between two words. But by doing this, you're forcing the developer to write the query so that it's more readable. That's the main reason I tend to do it. So as I said, it's not mandatory. You don't have to do it, if you don't want to do it. One of the other transformation we want to do is we want to go from lat, long, alt to latitude, longitude and altitude to make them a bit more meaningful to read. Then the next thing we want to do is we want to drop the URL from our input data. It's not really adding much value for us. So we'll drop that column. And we'll also add a new column called Ingestion Date, which will contain the date and the time of the data being ingested. It'll be quite useful for any audit purposes. And also we'll make sure that the data returned to Parquet has the right data types. So there is quite a lot of work to do here. Let's switch over to Databricks workspace and get started.