Okay, here we are in the Databricks workspace. And in this lesson I'll show you how to use the DataFrame Reader API to read the data from our csv file into a Spark DataFrame. So the first thing we want to do is to make sure that the cluster is up and running. My Cluster is terminated, because I've not been active for a while, so I'm going to start the cluster. And while that's being started, let's go to our workspace. And previously we created this folder for our project, formula1 and also we created another folder called setup and kept our setup notebook in there. So let's create another one for ingestion, and I'm going to call this one as ingestion. And we want to create a new Python notebook here and I'm going to call this one as, 1.ingest circuits file. And the default language is Python and our cluster is the databricks course cluster in my case. So click Create there and we got the notebook here. The first thing is I want to put some documentation here. And the first step we want to do is to, read the csv file using the Spark DataFrame Reader. So let's see how we use the Spark DataFrame Reader to read the data. So the entry point to Spark session is the Spark command and after that, we need to invoke the methods to call the Spark DataFrame Reader. So let's switch over to the documentation. It's important to know how to use the documentation so that you will be able to deal with any kind of scenario rather than just the ones I'm going to teach here. So this is the documentation page and go to API Reference and in here, under Input and Output you can see DataFrameReader.csv. So that's the API which is going to let us read our csv file. You don't have to navigate like I did. You can just come and search for the DataFrame Reader API. So click on that one and that tells you the documentation for DataFrame Reader API and if you want to look at the source code, you can go to the source code and look at that as well, I'll show you where that is, and that may sometimes have more information you want to look at. But in our case we will be okay with just using the documentation here. As you can see, it loads the csv file and returns the result as a DataFrame and it's got a number of parameters you can pass in, but the only mandatory parameter is the path, everything else have been defaulted to none if you don't pass it. So let's quickly go to the bottom of the page and you can see some examples as well. So the way you call that is using Spark.read.csv, and then you can pass in the location of your file and you assign that to a variable, which will be a DataFrame. So let's switch over to our notebook and do that. So that will be Spark.read.csv, and then we want to pass in our location of the csv file. As part of our setup, we created our Mounts. So let's see what we called our mounts, so in order to do that, if you remember we need to use the DB utils package and that will be dbutils. fs.mounts and that would list all the mounts. And to see a pretty output from the DB utils rather than saying this, you can wrap it around in a display command and that will give you the output in a table format, and that will be a bit more easier to read. So this is our Mount Point /mnt/formula1dl/raw, and that's been mounted on our Data Lake storage here. So let's see what the files are inside that. So I'm going to use the magic command %fs, you can use the DB utils if you wanted to, but this is a shortcut. So if I did a %fs ls and then the path, it should list all the files in there. As we know, we've got six files and the two folders so we can see them. So we got the six files and the two folders in total, we got the eight, eight records listed here. So this is the path for our circuits.csv file, and that's the one we want to use. So let's copy that one. And we are going to put it in here into the Spark.read.csv statement. And we want to assign that to a variable. And I'm going to call this as circuits df. And let's execute that. Okay, so that's executed now, as you can see that's returned a DataFrame Object. So that's our first DataFrame being created, so we can delete these two statements, we don't need them anymore because we know the location of our files. The next thing what we can do is let's see what the type is of the variable, I should be doing circuits_df. And that is the type DataFrame. And in order to see the contents, you can use the method show to display the output. So again, I'll take you to the documentation and I'll show you, what that does. So that's the show method. So let's have a look at that. And as you can see, this is the documentation. It prints the first n records to the console, If you don't specify a number, it will list the first 20 records. Otherwise you can specify what you want and it will list the number of records. So there are some examples here as well. Let me go back to the notebook now and that's in here. So let's use .show. I'm going to take that out and use .show. So that should list the top 20 records. As you can see, there are 19 records from the file, plus the top one is actually the header. So there are 20 records being returned. As you can see, we got a problem here. So he hasn't identified the header. Our file has got a header, but it's not identified that it's listed that as the first record. So there is something we can do to fix that. But before we do that, I want to show you something as you can see, the .show has given us the output but you can, it's truncated the fields to I think it's 20 characters, but you can change that by giving another option to say truncate equals false. But there is another nice way of seeing the data in Databricks and that is using the Databricks visualization command called display, which we saw previously do that. And you will get the output in a table format here and it's not being truncated anywhere. So you're seeing a nicer data. We'll talk about display later, because it gives us a lot more capabilities as well. But for now, this should be sufficient to keep you going. And now let's fix our header for the file. So if we now switch back to our documentation to look at the DataFrame Reader API, that's our csv. You will see there is something called header. So let's scroll down and as you can see here, you got an option that you can specify called header and the default is false, but you can set it to true in order to get your header being identified. So in order to specify that the header is in the file, so you come over here after the .read, you can do .option and then, you can say header is true. And let me execute that now. And let's see the output again. And as you can see, it's identified the headers now.