Okay, now that we've created our DataFrame with the data that we needed to read from our csv file and applied the schema as we wanted. Let's look at the next step. The next step is going to be selecting only the required columns from the data. So in our requirements we said, we don't want to carry the URL forward. So there are two ways of doing that. The first one is to select all the columns that we need and not select the column we don't need. Or we can drop the column we don't need. So that means we'll carry everything else forward. So in this lesson, I'm going to show you how to select the required columns. And then in a forthcoming lesson, I'm going to show you how to drop the column you don't need so that automatically you're only selecting the columns that you wanted to select. So let's start with the documentation. Let's switch over to the Spark documentation and go to the API reference and go to DataFrame APIs and you will find the DataFrame.select in here. There are a couple of ways of invoking the select, so you can pass in a parameter of star and it will select all the columns. Which is not what we want. Or you can specify the columns you wanted, and there are a couple of styles of specifying the columns in here. You've got the list of column names, here you've got the DataFrame.column name, but this is quite handy when you want it to rename a column at the same time. There are two more styles of invoking the select, so I'm going to show you all four types there. Let's writing the code. So it's going to be circuits_selected df, that's what I'm going to call my new DataFrame as, and that's going to take the data from the old DataFrame circuits_df and we're going to invoke the method select and that's going to get the columns that we are interested in. So let's list the columns first. So that's all the columns we're interested in. Let's execute that statement. And now let's look at what's in the DataFrame display. And that's going to have all the columns except the URL because we haven't selected the URL. So that's one style of doing it, and let's do the next one we talked about. So that would be exactly the same here. But instead of listing the column names here like this, we're going to use the DataFrame name. and the column name. So let's do that. Okay, let's execute that one. And again, if I run the display, I'm going to see the same results here. So that's another way of doing it. And I'm going to show you the third way. That's going to be very similar, but this time it's going to be DataFrame name, and then you're going to have the column name within the square brackets and surrounded by a double quote. So that line's become too long. So let's break it down. And if I execute that and it's going to have a similar effect, so you're going to see the same columns. I'm showing everything because in your projects you might see people using different styles. And I want you to be familiar with the different styles of invoking it. So the last style you can use to do this is using a function called call. So in order to do that, we need to import the function. So I'm going to import the function call. So that will be in PySpark.sql.functions. And it's we need to import Call. So let's execute that. So we've got the function available here and we can write the statements now. So let's do that. Okay, let's execute that one. And that's done as well. And you've got the same result. So as you've seen, these four styles can be used. But there is a small difference between this one and these three. So the top one will just let you select the columns, but the other three will let you apply any column based functions for example, if you wanted to change the name of the column, you can do it here itself. So let's say I wanted to change the country to race country, so I could just say alias, and that'll be a race_country, and if I execute that, you'll see that the name has changed. So that gives you a bit more flexibility. So these things I normally tend to prefer using the call function to select the columns rather than the other two because they are slightly longer when you come to type it. But obviously if you don't have to do any other operations on the DataFrame, then you could go for the just select. So we're going to stick to the call in here and we're going to delete the others. So let's do that. So I have taken out the alias because we're going to do that later in another place. So let's get rid of the other two statements as well, because we only need one of them to do what we want to do. So I'm going to delete this display as well and tidy up as we go along. So now we know how to select the required columns from our DataFrame and create a new DataFrame from that. And that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.