Okay. We now have all the data as we need in our DataFrame. So the last thing to do is to write that data to our file system. So that is our Data Lake and we want to write it as a Parquet file. So let's get started. Okay, so similar to the DataFrame Reader, we got a Data Frame Writer API for that one. So let's switch over to our Spark documentation, go to the API reference and under Inputs and Outputs, after the DataFrame Readers, you will see the DataFrame Writer, So you got a csv writer but the one we are interested in is the Parquet writer. So let's get to that one. And again, actually that's got a couple of parameters, but the one which is mandatory is the path. You can write the dataframe.write.parquet, and then you can specify the path of the file where we want to write the data to. So let's do that, switch over to the notebook and let's start writing the statement. So, it's going to be this DataFrame here, circuits final df and we are going to use write. and we are going to have Parquet as our file format. So it's the Parquet API we need and we need to specify the file path. So if you remember we had the /mnt/formula1 dl /processed as our processed Mount Point. So let's put the file into there. But we need to specify a folder under which we want the circuit's data to be loaded into. So I'm going to call that as circuits. And let's execute that one. And that's running now. So the Spark jobs finished. So if we look at the file system, we should be able to see the files. Let's have a quick look at that. I'm going to use the magic command %fs and list the file system and look at the folder here. As you can see, the files are there and it's a parquet file, so we got only one partition. But if you partitioned your data, you'll end up having multiple partitions as well. And I'm running on a single node, so my data is not being distributed. That's why you're seeing just one partition for the file. So under the folder we got all the data. So let's read that data back and see whether we've seen the data as we expected. So I'm going to just create a DataFrame and we know now how to use the Reader API, so that will be spark.read.parquet, we don't have a csv file for this, so it is a parquet file, so let's do parquet and then if I specify that path, we should be able to read that data. So let's execute that. And if I just do a display df, then I would see all of the data as we wanted to. So as you can see, the data we had in our DataFrame is now being written to the file system. There is one thing, we want to create notebooks and jobs which are re-runnable, so there is a problem with this one. So if I rerun my write statement, it's going to fail because the path already exists. So as you probably seen, there are a couple of options for mode, so you can specify append,overwrite, ignore or error if exists. So we are going to overwrite it, so that we can keep re-running our notebooks without failing. So either you can pass that as a parameter or you can have another option for that. So that's going to be mode. And I'm going to send in overwrite for them. So let's run it now. And it should just overwrite the data. So that's that's what it's done. So these are all redundant statements. So I'm going to just delete those and make my notebook a bit cleaner. So that's done. That's brilliant. So that's gone. And we got this display statement. We don't need that anymore. And let's go to the top, make sure we got everything. So we read the files here and we selected only the required columns and we renamed the columns, as we needed and added the ingestion date. And also we've written the data into our file system. So that is step number 5. So we've done all of those and I think it's a good idea just to do a Run all, to run it through. Before that, one thing I've noticed is actually, I've used dbfs:/mnt, but when it's mounts, you don't have to specify dbfs, it doesn't make any difference but it's quite clean to do it this way. So you can take that out and I'm going to do a Run all and make sure it's running through end to end, okay. And that's run through without any problems. So if we wanted to look at the data to make sure whether that's done the right thing. So I'm going to quickly copy that and let's read this. So I'm going to put it in a display statement, so I don't have to create a DataFrame and it will be spark.read.parquet and Let's do that, and it should give us the same output we started previously. So that's worked perfectly fine. So I hope you've got a full understanding of how to take a raw file and then apply schema, do whatever transformations we needed to do and ingest that into our Data Lake, so that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.