Welcome to this lesson on ingesting the races.csv file from our Raw container to the Process container. Similar to what we did before for the circuits file, we'll take the csv data, read it using the DataFrame Reader API, and then perform the necessary transformations and write to the processed container using the DataFrame Writer API. The data returned to the process folder will be in a parquet format. The csv file has the following columns things like raceId, year, round, circuitId, name, date time and the url. As part of the transformation, we will apply transformation to rename the columns race id and circuit id to have underscores, and also we'll rename year to race year. We want to create a new column called race timestamp, which will combine the date and time from the source to create one field. We'll drop the url from the input data as we did before, and we'll add a new column called Ingestion Date, which will contain the date and time of the data being ingested into the process container. And also we'll make sure that the data return in parquet has the right data type, which we did before as well for the circuits file. We've done most of the things already for the circuits file, but one thing we haven't done before is combining two fields to create one field, which is the race timestamp in this case. So I've given the function that will help you do that. So we know that with column helps us add a new column, in this case, that is the race timestamp. But we want to have the race timestamp to have the values from the date and the time combined to create a one field called Timestamp. So two timestamp function lets you convert a string to a timestamp. So we are creating the string in using the concat function, so the concat will let you combine the date and the time and also we have given a literal value of space. So the output of the concat would be date space time in this format. So if we give the format string as well, so which is the yyyy-mm-dd and then space and you've got the HH:mm:ss, the two timestamp will create the timestamp for us and that will be added to the DataFrame as race timestamp. So I hope you understand the requirements here. I want you to take this as an assignment and attempt to do it yourself. If you do get stuck, please watch the next lesson for the solution, because I've shown you how I went about doing this. But in the meantime, good luck with the assignment and I'll see you in the next lesson.