Welcome back. I hope you manage to finish the assignment without any problems, but I'll now show you my solution to the assignment. Let's create a new notebook to work on that problem. So we go to create notebook, and it's going to be a Python notebook again, But I'm going to call this one as ingest races file. And that's my databricks cluster. And let's click Create. So that's the file we're going to be working on. Let's start with a little bit of documentation here. Okay. The first step we want to do is to read our csv file. As we know, in order to do that, we need to define the schema. So let's look at the database schema provided by Ergast. So I've got that opened up here. And this is the file we went through previously, that's the Database User Guide and which is got all the tables and the data types for those ones. And these data types represent the MySQL data type, but we can use this for our purpose. So this is the races table and the source data has got these columns and these are the data types. To convert the int 11 into Spark data type, we can use the integer type and for the varchar, we can use the string type, date is a date type, but there isn't any equivalent data type for time in Spark. So I've got the documentation here, as you can see, we got the date type, we got the timestamp type, but there is no time type. So what we can do is we can read this as a string type and then we can use our two timestamp function to combine the two like, I explained in the requirements video previously. So let's do that, switch over to the notebook. And in order to do that, as you know, we need to import the data type. So let's do that first. Okay, we got them. So let's do a Shift Enter to execute that, and the next thing we want to do is to define the schema. So I'm going to call mine a races schema and as we did in the previous one, we got to start with the StructType first. So that would be StructType. And we need to feed in the fields here. So that will be fields equals. And that's an array of StructFields. So let's start with the first one, so that would be StructField. And the first one we got is our raceId. And we know that, that one is a integer type. So let's do that. And the parameter we want to give in is True or False. It doesn't really matter too much, but this is the primary key. So let's go for a False value here, because we don't want it to be null. So let's keep on doing the others as well. So I'll just quickly type in all the other fields. So that's all the fields. So let's do Shift Enter. And I've got an error here, okay so I missed the brackets here for all of those. So I'm going to just quickly put them in. Okay. Shift Enter, so that's executed now. So the next thing we want to do is to read the data into a DataFrame, so I'm going to call that as a races_df, as my dataframe name and then we want to use spark.read and we want to specify the option, which is for the header. So because we've got a header, we're going to say header is true. And we want to specify the schema now. So let's do that. And the schema we got is the races_schema. And finally, we want to give the location of the csv file. So as we know, we got it under mnt thats our Mount formula1dl/ and that is in the Raw container and the name of the file is races.csv. So let's execute that. And that's executed fine. So let's have a quick look at the data now. Okay. So as you can see, we've got everything listed here. So let's now look at adding the race timestamp column and the ingestion date to our DataFrame. Okay, so we need to read that DataFrame back and we need to create a new DataFrame from that one. So I'm going to call this one as races with timestamp. And let's read this DataFrame back. And as we know, we need to use the with column function to create a new column. And the first parameter for this method is the name of the column. So in our case, it's the ingestion date for the fresh one. And as we know, last time we used the current timestamp function, and that's exactly what we want to do again. In order to use the current timestamp function, we will have to import that as well. So let's do that here. So that will be from pyspark.sql.functions import current timestamp. And let's correct the mistake here, which is the function pyspark. Okay, cool. So let's now add the second column we want to add as well to our dataframe, and we're going to call this one as the race timestamp. So this one needs to take the date and time from here and then convert that into a timestamp. So in order to convert that to a timestamp, we need to use the function, to_timestamp. And to_timestamp takes two parameters. The first one is the actual string and the next one is the format of the string in timestamp format. So let's form the string to pass into to_timestamp, that will be the concatenation of date and time. So I'm going to use the concat function here. The first value we want to pass in is our date and we want it to use a literal value of space. You can use the concat_ws to create a combined two columns with spaces in between, but we're using the literal value here. And then you can do the second column, which is time. And that's done. So after this, the parameter for the to_timestamp here is our format. So as you can see, we got the year, month, day, and then a space and then the hour, minutes and seconds. So we're going to do that. So that will be yyyy-MM-dd and then space and HH:mm:ss, so that should create the two additional columns and add them to the DataFrame. Before we execute it, we need to import the other functions we need. So we got the two timestamp function, So let's do that first, to_timestamp and then we got the concat function and also we got the call function and the lit function. So let's execute that and execute this DataFrame. And we're going to use the display function to test the values within the DataFrame. So as you can see here, we've got the injestion date, which is today's date and also the race timestamp is the combination of the date and the time in a timestamp format, which is great. So let's now look at selecting only the columns we need. So I'm going to call this one as, races selected df and we need to select the columns from this DataFrame here, so that will be races with timestamp dataframe and then we're going to list the columns we're interested in here. Also, instead of renaming the columns with the, with column renamed function, I want to rename them here, so you can use the alias method to do that. And that would be alias and then you can say, this is my race id for example. And this one is my race year. And I seem to missed a column here, which is the circuit id, so let's put that back in. And again, we're going to use alias to rename this column as well. So let's execute that statement and that's executed and let's do a display on that one, to make sure that the data looks as we expected and we haven't missed any columns. So yeah, so we've got the race id, race year, round, circuit id, name, ingestion date and race timestamp, and they've all been named correctly as well. So we've kind of combined here the selection as well as the renaming in one statement. So I'm going to just update this to reflect that. So the last thing to do is write this data to our Processed container in Parquet file format. Let's do that. Okay, so we want to write this DataFrame, so let's do that. And that's going to be .write, and we want to specify the mode, otherwise we will be appending data, we want to overwrite data here. And we want to specify the name of the parquet file. So again, as we know, we have a mount for that one. So that is the /mnt/formula1dl/ that is processed. And then we want to give a name for our folder, so in this case, it is the races. So let's do that. And let's quickly test to make sure this folder has got the data we needed. And we can use the magic command to list the Mount Point there. And that should have some parquet files in it. Yeah. And as you can see, we got the parquet file here and this is as part of this Spark process, it starts and commits the data and it writes files for those as well, so you don't have to worry about them. But this is the parquet file, we're interested in. Let's also quickly read the data to make sure that we can read this file and the data contains what we expected to write. And that's brilliant. So the data is as we expected, let's quickly tidy up the notebook. We don't need all these display commands, so let's get those ones and we don't want this one either and let's go back and delete all the other display commands. Okay, so that's nice and tidy now, that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.