In this lesson, we are going to look at partitioning the data at rest. What we mean by rest here is the storage layer. The DataFrame Writer API provides a function called Partition By that we can use to partition the data being returned to the storage, which in our case is ADLs. By specifying the partition by clause with a column name, we can partition the data based on the column. When the data is written to the disk, which is ADLs in our case, it is written in such a way that there will be a folder created for each of the distinct values from the column specified. For example, if we specify race year, there will be a separate folder for each of the race years. This will make it easier for Spark to read the data, if you're only looking at specific race years and also it helps Spark to process the data in parallel. Having said that, we are working with a single node cluster with only two cores in this course, so Spark won't be able to achieve the same performance gains as it would in a multi node cluster. If anything, we will see a performance degradation, because it is more work for Spark to create a separate folder as well as to read from many folders instead of just one. But this is a key feature of Spark that you'll be using in your real time projects dealing with massive amounts of data. But you need to use this with a word of caution when choosing a partition by column. Please be careful not to create too many partitions as that can give the adverse effect. So you need to strike a balance. Common partition columns or dates, for example, the date on which you've received the data. Even if you're not receiving a lot of data every day, then you can have a week or a month as your partition column. For our example, we could partition our data by race id, so all our data for a particular race can be in one partition, which would make a lot of sense for things like lap times and qualifying and things like that. But that might be a bit too much for this table, because there will be only one record per race in this table. So I want to show you the use of partition by column using race here, in this case to demonstrate. But at some point we will be switching to race id, because that gives us a bit more benefits in terms of being able to overwrite a partition. But that is for a later lesson. But pay attention to creating the partition based on the race here and how it works in this lesson. So let's switch over to our notebook and get started with creating the partition. Here we are in the Databricks workspace and that's how a notebook in just races file. And as I said, actually the DataFrame Writer API provides a function called Partition By. So that's what we're going to use. So in order to use that you put the function name which is Partition By, and then you give it the name of the column you want to use, which in our case is race year. And that's all you need to do, so it's going to partition the data by race year. So let's execute that now. As you've seen, that tooks slightly longer, that's because it took time to create these separate folders. So let's see that in our storage explorer, which would make a bit more sense. So let me switch over to Storage Explorer. So this is what we had. So we had the data partitioned within one part file and there are no folders here, so let's refresh that and we should see each year in a separate folder. So as you can see race year, 1950s in a separate folder and 1951 is in a separate folder like that. So we have got 76 years worth of data within 76 different files. And the part folder which was in the main folder, has now disappeared. So that's what partitioning does for you. So when you have data partition this way, when you access the data for a specific partition, so if you're doing a lot of analysis based on a race year, then that's going to be much more quicker than just reading big files and then trying to find a separate race years data. But as I said before, if you had too many partitions, then that can make the job of Spark a lot harder. Let's switch back to our notebook and read this data to show that which is this is working. Okay, so let's use the read API, so that is going to be spark.read.parquet and I'm going to put it in a display statement. And the data looks as you would expect to see. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.