Hello and welcome to this lecture. So in the earlier lecture, we saw how NAT Gateways work and it is a managed NAT service from AWS. But in certain cases, as I said you might need your own EC2 Instance setup as NAT or maybe for cost reason or you need to have certain softwares on that EC2 Instance, like IPS intrusion detection system and intrusion prevention systems. And in that case, you can also use your own EC2 Instance and configure it as a NAT. So for this, you need to do some additional configurations like in NAT Gateway, there is hardly anything we did. We just launched NAT Gateway in a public subnet and modified the route tables for private subnet. Here, while we launch our own EC2 Instance, we need to make sure that the Instance has been launched using NAT AMI's which are there publicly available to be used. Then we also need to disable the source destination check. Now, that is important to understand when you have your own EC2 Instance, right? And you want to configure it as a NAT. Now understand that other EC2 Instance, which has to access the internet will send the traffic to this Instance and it will send this traffic to internet, right? And from there, the traffic will come back and it will come back to originating EC2 Instance. Now, for this instance, by default, it only accepts the traffic that the destination packet is its own IP address and that is a setting at VPC level. That means by default EC2 can only accept the traffic where the packet destination address is itself. But if you look at this, this EC2 is accepting the traffic, which is for sale google.com And then forwarding the traffic here. So at Instance level, there is a setting called source destination check. And you have to disable that in order to configure an EC2 Instance as a NAT so that it can also accept the packet where the destination is not itself. Right? So remember, this is very important. Again, this EC2 must be in a public subnet, like shown here. And again, you need to modify your route table, but this time, the destination of the route table won't be a NAT Gateway, but it would be an ENI which is attached to this Instance and during the exercise, we'll see that as well. So quickly, let's do that. Let me go back to my earlier setup. So this is my NAT Gateway. Let's do one thing, let's delete this NAT Gateway because we need to have the NAT Instance instead of this. So I'm just deleting this. And also let's modify the route tables and remove the route which we had added for the route table. Now you see this, right? This is interesting, when your NAT gateways is deleted, you see there is a black hole here because we say the traffic has to go through this but this device does not exist. So many are times it happens during troubleshooting, you will find this kind of black holes and then you need to remove that and save the routes, okay. In that case, let's go and create our own NAT EC2 Instance. I'm going to my EC2 console now and launching the Instance, but this time I'll search for a NAT AMI here. So I'll just search for NAT and I will search in the community AMIs. And you see here, I see this NAT AMI. I will just select, that is a NAT. I will select into micro, now as you know NAT needs to be in a public subnet. So I'm making sure it is in my public subnet. It also has a public IP. Now you can also attach an elastic IP but for me, it is okay. I'm not going to run this setup for long so I'm just using the public IP, storage I'm going with default. Tag, definitely I want to add a tag, say NAT EC2. Now security group, this is interesting. Now, again, look at this diagram. This Instance will accept the traffic from all the Instances in a private subnet and that traffic could be anything for that matter. It could be HTTP, HTTPS, Bing. So mostly you want to allow all the traffic from your private Instances not SSH for sure because we are not doing the SSH outbound, but let's open other traffic. Let's open ICNP that is for sure we need it. And we need it for BPC CIDR so that any Instance can access that using the NAT. Also, let me add maybe HTTP traffic and HTTPS traffic. So I'll just go and add that. Also, let me add HTTPS so that we can pull some content from the internet. Okay, so that's a security group for NAT and we'll just go with the default and we'll launch the Instance, okay? So Instance has been launched, but as you know we need to do additional settings. The very first thing you need to make sure is you disable the source and destination checks for this Instance. So let's do that, let's go to this NAT EC2 Instance and let's go to Instance settings. Sorry, actions and in the networking, we would have this setting called change source destination check and we need to just disable the settings. So let's wait for some more time. Okay. So as of now, you can see that it is at the Network Instance level, ENI level. So lets stop this and save. So let's wait for some time for this Instance to be functioning. And by that time, let's go to our route tables and now just verify if I can access the google.com. I cannot, this is from my private EC2 Instance. I still cannot. Now let's go back and modify the route tables for this particular private subnet. Edit the routes and say if the traffic is going to internet, I want to rather use my Instance, which is my NAT EC2 Instance. So it will just give me the dropdown. Let's pick our NAT, okay, and save the routes. Okay, let's go back and check if it is working. And yes, you can see the traffic now is flowing through the NAT EC2 Instance and I'm able to access the internet. So basically what we did is just made this setup available for us. So that's in short is NAT EC2 Instance and just to make sure we understand the differences so NAT Gateway if you see it is highly available within the AZ and you have to create multiple NAT Gateways in multiple AZs to make sure it is resilient to AZ failure. NAT EC2 Instance you can manage the failure using the script where all the traffic is routed through one EC2 Instance and if it fails, your route table gets modified and the traffic can be routed through other NAT Instance as well. With respect to the performance, NAT Gateway can scale up to 45 GBPS bandwidth, when it comes to the NAT instance it depends on basically Instance configuration. Typically it is five GBPS and that would also depend on the instance type. So it is not really scalable up to 45 GBPS. Maintenance, as you know, NAT Gateway is completely managed over AZ. NAT EC2 Instance, you need to manage the high availability, any patching or anything you want to do on that Instance. So for performance software is optimized for handling the NAT traffic. And it is now, in case of Nat instance a generic Amazon Linux AMI is used to perform the NAT. Cost or perspective also NAT Gateway is having two kinds of charges. One for our running cost as well as how much data it processes. And NAT Instance charges are typically based on the instance type that you select. Again, IP addresses, NAT Gateway should only have the elastic IP addresses. Now NAT Instance can have elastic as well as public IP address. Security wise NAT Gateway does not have security groups. That means you can't really control the traffic there but again, you can use network ACL, as I said. However, for NAT Instance as it is nothing but another EC2 Instance inside your subnet. You can apply both the security group as well as network ACL rules there. You can't do port forwarding or you can't use NAT Gateway as a bastion host, but being an EC2 Instance, again, you can do same thing with NAT EC2 Instance as well. So these are primarily the differences between the NAT Gateway and NAT Instance. So with that, you should be able to clearly make out your choices given the scenarios and mostly it would be the NAT Gateways because that is what is recommended. But in case there are certain scenarios given, maybe you need to know all the settings. Typically, the source destination check has to be disabled and it should have been public subnet, all those kinds of NAT Gateway related stuff. So that's it for this lecture, thank you.