Okay, so now let's talk about the Classic Load Balancer. So this is what the architecture does look like with a Classic Load Balancer where the clients connect to the CLB directly, which can be spread across multiple AZs. And then we have registered instances in each Availability Zones as we want, and the idea is that the CLB will forward traffic. We'll send traffic to these EC2 instances if they're deemed healthy. Else, if they're not healthy, well obviously the traffic will not be sent to them. So the CLB operates at the Layer4 and Layer7, and in terms of supportive protocols, we have HTTP, HTTPS, TCP, and then Security CP, also called SSL/TLS. The EC2 instances are registered directly with the Classic Load Balancers, so there is no concept of target groups, and that's because target groups were a concept that were invented with the second generation load balancers, such as the ALB or the Network Load Balancer. The health checks can be of multiple types of HTTP, HTTPS, or TCP. And the Classic Load Balancer is the only load balancer that supports the EC2-Classic networks as opposed to VPC, but this is a deprecated network. So it's just something to know, but the CLB is also sort of a quote, unquote, deprecated load balancer, so it goes alongside a deprecated network mode as well. Okay, so now some very important things to know. So the client is connected to the Classic Load Balancer through a listener and the Classic Load Balancer is connected to your EC2 instance through an internal traffic, okay. So you have different combinations you can do for these things. And they are summarized here in a table. So we'll read the lines one by one, but they should make sense. And the reason I'm saying this is that, in the next slide, we'll see a very specific use case for it that does come up in exam sometimes. So the listener can be HTTP. That means that the client will connect unsecurely to our load balancer. But from an internal perspective, the CLB can connect to our EC2 instances using HTTP, so unsecured traffic, or HTTPS. And if we do want to use HTTPS, then our EC2 instances must have certificates installed on them to allow the connection to be encrypted between them and the Classic Load Balancer. Also, if we set up the listener to be HTTPS, then we have SSL Termination happening on the CLB directly, in which case we need to install an SSL certificate on the CLB. And then from an internal communications perspective, this iS the same as before, the CLB can connect using HTTP or HTTPS to the EC2 instances, but remember, there are two connections, because the first connection was terminated directly on the CLB. Now, if we go one level lower, so if you go to the TCP type of connection, so TC clients can connect directly using the TCP protocol to your CLB, and your CLB can send either TCP traffic to your EC2 instance or SSL/TCP secure traffic to your EC2 instance, in which case, yet again, you must install the proper certificates on your EC2 instances. And finally, you can also have the SSL termination happening directly at the Layer4 on your CLB and the internal communication to be TCP or SSL again for your EC2 instance. So this table should make sense, but there are a few considerations to take into account. So if you enable HTTPS or SSL on your EC2 instances, this is what's called backend authentication. That means that there is an authentication happening between your Classic Load Balancer and your backend EC2 instances, thanks to these certificates, because you have to load the public certificates on your CLB and the private keys certificates on your EC2 instances. Also, if you have TCP to TCP traffic, then this is a very special use case for the Classic Load Balancer. And in that case, if you do have TCP to TCP, then there is no termination of connection happening at the CLB level. That means that all the traffic will be passed on directly to the EC2 instances. What this means is that, as you can see here, the CLB actually doesn't do any termination. It will pass them to traffic from the users to the registered EC2 instances. And why do I say this? Well, because this is the only way to do two-way mutual SSL authentication in which the users have to authenticate to the EC2 instances, but also the EC2 instances have to be authenticated to the users. So in this case, we'll have SSL termination happening on the EC2 instances, and the traffic is going to go across the whole way, and we can enable mutual SSL authentication. And this is the exam case that can come up in the exam, okay? So that's all you need to know for the Classic Load Balancer. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.