So now let's talk about what you need to know from an exam perspective for the network load balancer. So here is the classic architecture of a NLB. So the NLB sits between two AZs. The clients are connected to the NLB. The NLB has fixed IP addresses, so it's connected to ENIs with static IPs. And then the ENI are going to send the traffic directly into our EC2 instances that are sitting in the target group that can span of course across multiple AZs. So the network load balancer operates at the layer 4, which is TCP or UDP protocols or Secure TCP so TLS. It's meant for really high performance, so it can handle millions of requests per second. And as you know, the NLB has one static IP per AZ and you can assign an Elastic IP in case it is an internet-facing NLB, which is very helpful if you need to whitelist IP addresses from a firewall perspective. Now, load balancing is possible to be done on multiple applications running on the same machine. So for example, containers with Amazon ECS, so it has the same port mapping feature as the ALB. There is less latency than the ALB, so we get a hundred milliseconds latency for the NLB versus maybe 400 milliseconds for the ALB. It supports the WebSocket protocol and you would use an NLB in these cases mostly if you need extreme performance or you have a custom TCP or UDP traffic protocol. And in case, you're using also AWS private link. And this is used when you want to privately expose an internal service to another account in AWS for example. So target groups of the NLB can be EC2 instances, in which case these EC2 instances can be managed by an ASG or ECS tasks managed by the ECS service itself or IP addresses and they must be private IP addresses for TCP listeners only. So this is going to be for example, the on-premises servers that are going to be connected to your cloud using Direct Connect or a VPN connection. Also IP addresses can be for inter-region peered VPC. So this is a cool feature (indistinct) remember in case you have a VPC in another region, it is possible to have it connected to an NLB in another region using a IP address mapping and also peered VPCs. So an important point you need to know is that you cannot register your EC2 instances by ID on your NLB if these EC2 instances are in another VPC of your NLB. Even if that VPC is peered with NLB, this is not possible. Instead, you need to register these instances by IP address directly using the IP address features of your target group. In terms of health checks, you have the supported protocol of HTTP, HTTPS and TCP and you have two types of health checks. The active health check will periodically send a request to the registered targets, whereas the passive health check will observe how targets respond to connections and then they will... This is a feature for you that allows you to detect unhealthy instances before the active health checks are being made. So you cannot disable this or configure it. Now, if we have a look at the architecture of your NLB, you could have multiple rules and listeners, but this works for both TCP and UDP traffic, okay? Why am I saying this? Well, because there is something very important to learn about client's IP preservation. So this is the architecture we have and we want to understand if the client's IP address is going to be forwarded to targets or not. And this is something you have to remember by heart. So, if you are registering your instances by ID or within your ECS tasks, then automatically the client's IP will be preserved and your EC2 instances will see traffic originating directly from your clients. If you are registering your targets by IP addresses using TCP or Secure TCP, so TLS protocol, then by default the client's IP preservation is disabled. Now if you are using the UDP or the TCP_UDP protocol, then by default this is enabled. Now, if this is disabled, for example, for the IP address register registration for TCP and TLS, you can enable it, okay, by using the Proxy Protocol v2. and this is a setting you have to enable on your network load balancer. We'll see this later on in another lecture, but these Proxy Protocol v2 will add headers to the request and these headers will be giving the opportunity for your EC2 instances to understand who was the originating clients. Okay, now in terms of mapping of listener and targets, we can have TCP to TCP or TCP_UDP; TLS to TCP or TLS and then UDP to UDP or TCP_UDP and TCP_UDP to TCP_UDP. Now, I haven't seen this to be helpful for an exam perspective, but I'm just leaving it out there just in case this is necessary. So now some very interesting fact in networking regarding network balancer and availability zones. So say we have a target group with EC2 instances spread across two availability zones, then you need to know that you must enable an AZ on the NLB itself before traffic is sent to that AZ. That means that if you only have an NLB with Availability Zone 1 enabled, it will only send traffic to the EC2 instances in AZ 1. It will not send traffic to the second AZ, even if your EC2 instances are in the target group. So to have this NLB send traffic to AZ 2, you must add or enable an AZ and this can be done even after the network load balancer is created. Very important because the exam will ask you this. Also, you cannot remove an AZ after it is enabled, okay? You can add over time, but you cannot remove. If you wanted to remove an AZ, you would have to recreate a new network load balancer. Now you may say, what about Cross Zones Load Balancing? How does that work? Well, they only work for the AZs that are enabled on the NLB. So now if we consider three availability zones and target group with EC2 instances in all AZ, then what's going to happen is that say we enabled AZ 1 and AZ 2 with our NLB, then thanks to Cross Zones Load Balancing, the traffic can go from AZ 1 to AZ 2 at the NLB level. But again, because we have not enabled AZ 3, then even if we have Cross Zones Load Balancing, it's not going to send traffic to AZ 3 because it is not enabled. So if you understand this, you understand the key networking concepts on the network load balancer. Now another one is around Zonal DNS Name. So if you resolve what's called the regional NLB DNS name, which is the DNS name you would use by default, then it's going to return all the IPs for all the NLB nodes in all the enabled AZs. So this is your NB DNS name. And so if we have the NLB here enabled in three AZ and we do a DNS query for this NLB DNS name, then we're going to get three IP as a return, which will correspond to the three AZ that are enabled. But sometimes you may want to resolve the Zonal DNS name and the idea is that the NLB has DNS name for each of their nodes so based on the available zone and using this Zonal DNS Name, we can resolve only one IP address, which is the IP address of each node. So for example, if you wanted to know what was the IP address of the node in US-east-1a, then you would add US-east-1a, to your DNS name, and then it would return only the first IP. So why would you do this? Why would you want to resolve a specific node while this could be, for example, to minimize latency or data transfer cost? For example, say you have an application and it's deployed on your VPC in three different AZ and it's going to then talk to an NLB. Then you absolutely want, for example, your instances in US-east-1a, to talk through the NLB node in US-east-1a. Because there is going to be no data transfer cost and lower latency. So in that case, you would resolve the Zonal DNS name for your NLB and only find the one IP that will ensure you don't have any networking cost. Because if you use the regional NLB name, then there's a chance for you that your application sends traffic from one AZ to the other one, therefore incurring some cost. So to make sure your application sends traffic to the right NLB node, you need to implement application specific logic. Your application needs to understand in which AZ it is operating from and then how to query the right DNS name for your NLB. Okay, so some things are good to know for your network load balancer. You cannot disable or remove an AZ after you create it for your NLB, and you cannot modify the ENIs created for the NLB in each AZ. You can only view them while this is because we have a fixed IP. You cannot change the elastic IPs or private IPv4s attached to the ENIs after you create the load balancer. So that means that everything is static from the moment you create your NLB. Your NLB supports 440,000 simultaneous connections per minute per target. If you go over that, you will get a port allocation error. And the solution to this is to just add more targets to the target group. Finally, and this is very, very important from a networking perspective. So in case, you have an internet facing load balancer, then the subnets for you to deploy this into must have at least 8 IP addresses that are available. So that means that your subnet size must be a minimum of /28. In case you're using an internal balancer, this is only relevant if you let AWS select the private IP addresses from these subnets. So remember, 8 available IP addresses for the NLB, which is a /28 CIDR for your subnets. So that's it. I hope you like this lecture, and I will see you in the next lecture.