So let's talk about how requests are being routed from the ALB or the load balancers in general, to your backend EC2 instances. So, we have different routing algorithms for your requests, and one of them is the Least Outstanding Requests, in which the next instance to be picked, is going to be the one that has the lowest number of pending or unfinished request. So, if you take an example of a CLB, and three EC2 instances, maybe the first user is going to be do... going on onto the first EC2 instance, the second, to the second EC2 instance, and a third, while it has to go to the third EC2 instance, because, guess what? The first two requests are still pending and unfinished. And, therefore the third EC2 instance is the one that has the lowest number of pending unfinished requests, and so that's how this algorithm works. And then, well depends on how these requests may go. Okay, but for example, let's assume that the orange request did finish very quickly. In that case, well the next request will again, go to EC2 instance number three, because it still has the lowest number of unfinished or pending requests and so on. Okay. So it will... the idea here is that you really want to balance, based on how busy an EC2 instance is going to be. And we assume that an EC2 instance is not busy, if it has a low number of pending or unfinished requests. Okay. Now this mode works for the ALB and the CLB mode HTTP or HTTPS. Okay. The second one is very easy to reason about, it is round-robin. This is to equally choose the targets from the target group one after the other. So, let's take an example, The first one goes to number one, the second one goes to number two, the third one goes to number three and then because it's round-robin, the fourth one is again, going to number one and so on. So 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3. This is going to work for the ALB again, and the Classic Load Balancer (TCP) mode. The last request routing algorithm, you need to know about is Flow Hash, which is to select a target, based on the hashing of the combination of parameters, such as the protocol, the source destination, IP address, the source destination port, and the TCP sequence number. This guarantees that each TCP or UDP connection is going to be routed to the single target for the life of that connection, and this is obviously something that is only applied to the Network Load Balancer. So, the idea is that your user is going to connect to your NLB. The NLB is going to look at all this information. So the protocol, the IP, the port, and the TCP sequence number. Then it's going to apply the Flow Hash Algorithm, and this hashing value is going to be attributed to a specific EC2 instance, and so on for all the other users and assignments with all the backend EC2 instances, okay. So, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.