So again our focus in this section is going to be a little bit unusual in that we're not talking about AWS stuff primarily at all. We're just going back and reviewing some data engineering fundamentals that go beyond AWS. And the exam guide does say you need to know some of this stuff, not just AWS services. So again, we're not going to touch on everything about data engineering here, just the stuff that's explicitly called out on the exam guide. One of those is the three types of data. So let's review that we have structured unstructured and semi-structured data. So we need to understand what those mean to be successful in the exam. Let's review. So structured data we mean a data that is organized in a defined manner or schema typically found in relational databases. So data where it's already been organized into distinct columns of information that have distinct data types. And we've already thought about how all those columns relate to each other and how we might want to search that data. Characteristics of structured data include. They are easily queryable. So since it does have that structure, it's very easy to throw a SQL query at it, right? Because you already know what the columns are named. You know what the data types are. You know what to expect. It's already organized into rows and columns, and it has a consistent structure. There's no surprises in there. It's been cleaned up already. So some examples are database tables. Of course you know Oracle, redshift, MySQL PostgreSQL whatever it might be. Also a CSV file would count as structured data as long as its data is consistent, as long as it has consistent columns within it. And you don't have any crazy stuff like lines that have varying numbers of columns, right? That is possible in CSV, but assuming it's a well structured CSV that would be structured data. Also, Excel spreadsheets is an example of that. And obviously it's possible to make an Excel spreadsheet that is unstructured and contains just a bunch of random junk. But you know, your typical Excel spreadsheet that is organized into rows and columns of well defined information would be structured data. Then on the other side of the fence, we have unstructured data. Data that does not have a predefined structure or schema stuff. That's just a collection of data that we have to figure out what it is before we can start to query it. So we cannot query unstructured data without first pre-processing it and somehow extracting meaning from that data and figuring out how to index it first could come in any number of formats, for example, raw text files that have no fixed format. Maybe you're processing, you know, all the text on Wikipedia or something, or all the text on Reddit or all the text in a book, because you want to do a full text search on that later on, or train a large language model with it, who knows. In that case, you do need to do some pre-processing, obviously to index that file first. Videos, audio and image files are another example. You can't really search those directly. You need to extract some metadata from that first. So there's no structure to an image or to a video or an audio file. We need to extract that structure and say, hey, what's the transcript of this video? How do I organize it? When was it created? How long is it? Who made it? What's it about? Right. What's its topic? Things like that would need to be extracted from that data first. Emails and word processing documents as well. Same category as text files there. Or just raw text information. Again, we need to index that information. First figure out its meaning, what it's all about. And then we can we can have the structure that we need to actually query that information. And then somewhere in the middle we have semi-structured data kind of a gray area. What do you mean by this exactly. But the official definition is that it's data that's not as organized as structured data, but it has some level of structure in the form of tags, hierarchies or other patterns. So the structure is in there somewhere. But you need to do a little bit of work to tease it out. Right. So it might have elements that are tagged or categorized in some way. It's going to be more flexible than structured data, but not as chaotic as unstructured data. So you can put different types of stuff in there perhaps, and get away with it. But you know, we can still extract the information we need. XML and JSON files are examples of this where you can have different kinds of schema within the same document. Right? But there's still enough tags within that file to figure out what we're talking about. So the schema in that case might not be consistent but at least it exists. Right. So that's semi-structured Structured email headers is another example of that. It could have any number of bits of information like the date and subject and and the unstructured data within the body as well. So, uh, when we aren't really sure what's in there, you know, that's semi structured, if we at least know the stuff, what the stuff that is in there is. Right. Does that make sense? Log files is probably the most important example of this in the context of data engineering, because it's the most common one. If you've got an Apache log file out there, or a server service log or a server log, um, they can be any number of formats, right? And it's not always consistent. What information they're writing. There might be a lot of missing data in there. There might be data that exists on some lines but not others. And you might need to do quite a bit of parsing of each line of that log to figure out what it's all about and what the structure of that individual line is. So again, semi structured, the structure is in there, but it might not be consistent throughout the document. I think that's really the best way to sum it up. So that's structured unstructured and semi-structured data. One thing the exam guide calls out for data engineering fundamentals.