Let's talk about different sources of data and the formats that it might come in. This is a little bit less high level, so I would expect the exam to expect you to know this stuff, even though it's not necessarily AWS specific. One data source might be a JDBC connection. So maybe you have some external database out there that you need to extract data from. JDBC might be one interface, one common interface for accessing and querying that data as you need. Stands for Java Database Connectivity. The nice thing about JDBC is that it's platform independent because it is based on Java, right? It's also language dependent because, well, it's based on Java. So the good thing about Java is that you can run it on pretty much any device you can think of. The bad part is that it does require you to be using the Java language to access that data. So if you're building an extraction tool in Java, then JDBC makes a whole lot of sense. However, if you don't if you're not in Java, you'll need some sort of intermediary layer instead. And that might be ODBC Open database connectivity. It is platform dependent because you need specific drivers to access your databases with ODBC, but it is language independent because it is not just built exclusively on Java. Now you'll find that in practice, most data extraction tools will support both JDBC and ODBC interfaces. It's just that that that support will be at a layer that's a little bit lower and hidden from you. Right. So we just need to know what those stand for and what they what their differences are. You might also just be sucking in data from raw log files. You know, maybe you're just writing out logs to S3 and you need to ingest that as is. That's okay. You might have some sort of an API to an external system. So maybe instead of JDBC or ODBC, there's some other interface, some application programming interface that you can hit from your extraction application to access the information that you need. Also, you might have streams of data coming in. So there's a lot of stuff that you can deal with streaming information. Kafka. Kinesis. We'll talk about that in more depth. But some data sources will provide you streams of data in real time as it's received, and you just need to have the right software to ingest those streams and do stuff with it. Some common data formats. This is important stuff, folks. CSV. You probably already know what that one is a comma separated value file. Basically it's a text based format. It's human readable. That's the key here where data is in a tabular form, where every line of data corresponds to a row of data, and the values within are separated by commas. Now, it doesn't necessarily have to be a comma. Your delimiter can be pretty much anything. Using commas can get complicated if you have commas within the data itself, right? So then you have to figure out, oh, what are my rules for escaping this data and quoting it and whatnot. So you sometimes see CSV files where the delimiter delimiter is not a comma. It might be a pipe or a tab or something else. Right. That's okay. You know, you might call it a CSV file if it's separated by a tab. But same idea When do you use this stuff? Mostly appropriate for small to medium sized data sets because it is not encoded. It's human readable, right? So it's not the most efficient way to store information, but it is easy to read. It's also a pretty common denominator for different systems. So pretty much anything can handle a CSV file. So if you need to interchange your data between different systems, a CSV is a pretty good choice for a lingua franca, if you will, a way of transforming that data between anything. And if you do want it to be human readable and editable, CSV has a huge advantage there, right? So it's very easy to just open up a CSV file in a text editor, read it, understand what's in there, and maybe even modify it directly without having to decode and encode it along the way. It's also useful for importing and exporting data from databases or spreadsheets. Again, the implication of a spreadsheet is it's probably not that much data. So a CSV is fine. Typically you see this used in databases that are SQL based. If you're ingesting data into a SQL database Microsoft Excel is makes it very easy to import Csvs and export Csvs. Pandas, if you're using a python notebook, can handle Csvs quite easily. R and many ETL tools as well. There's also JSON, JavaScript Object notation. You see this a lot more often. You see this in the world of application development for passing data between back end services and front end websites, but more generally, it's a lightweight, text based and human readable data interchange format that represents structured or semi-structured data based on key value pairs. So the main difference here is that it can be semi-structured. It's still human readable, just like a CSV file. But you can have different kinds of information on different rows, right? So because everything is tagged into key value pairs, you can have different key value pairs within each row. And that's okay with JSON. So this is, like I said, more commonly used between a web server and a web client as a way of exchanging information. It's kind of the default standard for that. Also for configurations and settings files for software applications, you'll see that in JSON format quite a bit. And also just for use cases where you need a flexible schema or maybe nested data structures. That's not something you can do easily with CSV, but with JSON you can have, you know, more layers of structure within each row, which is kind of a cool thing. You see this in web browsers. Um, it's supported widely in many programming languages JavaScript, Python, Java, uh, RESTful APIs and also NoSQL databases. So if you need to store semi-structured data, maybe this is the format that you're storing that semi-structured in in your underlying database, like MongoDB is a good fit for this sort of data. Let's also talk about Avro. So we're getting out of the world of human readable information here. Avro is a binary format, and this stores both the data and its schema, allowing it to be processed later with different systems without needing the original systems context. So it's a little package of both the data and its it's schema that's in binary format to make it nice and compact. Appropriate for big data and real time processing systems, its binary nature means that it's making more efficient use of the data of the bits that it has. If your schema is going to change, if your data structure might change over time, that might be a good reason for encoding the schema itself along with the data. If your schema does not change, then you're kind of wasting some space by encoding that schema alongside the data every time, right? So the real use case here is if that schema might change. And you need to tie that schema closely to the data that it's attached to. It is also good for efficient serialization for data transport between systems. So if you need to push data from point A to point B, encoding and decoding it from Avro might be an efficient way to do so. Again, because it is binary in nature, and because that information on how to decode it is baked into the format itself. Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Apache Flink, and Hadoop are examples of systems that deal with Avro format quite easily. And we'll talk about all of those systems in depth later on. Parquet. This one comes up a lot. This is what we call a columnar storage format. So because it is storing data by columns instead of rows, it's optimized for analytics where your queries might only be looking at specific columns of information and not everything that's in a row. Right. So we're kind of flipping things on its head there. We're storing the information by its columns because I know that when I'm querying this data, I'm probably only going to be interested in specific columns and not the entire row. So that's an optimization for analytics, which is why parquet is a very important part of a data analytics platform. This allows for efficient compression and encoding, again, because columns tend to be of the same format. Right. So that allows us to compress it even better. This is useful again for analyzing large data sets within analytics engines. The use cases where reading specific columns instead of entire records is beneficial So again, you know, think about situations where you might have a lot of features, a lot of columns on each row, but a specific use case, a specific analysis only needs a very small subset of those columns. That's where parquet becomes very powerful. It's also useful for storing data on distributed systems, because I can split things out based on the columns that are being queried. So maybe I store some columns on different servers, right? This can be a very important optimization where I'm trying to minimize I o overhead or storage overhead based on what I'm trying to do. So examples that use parquet Hadoop again, Apache Spark again, Apache Hive, Apache Impala and Redshift Spectrum, which is a very important piece of the data engineering and data analytics world on AWS. So parquet remember that one. If you have a use case where you have lots of columns, but maybe you don't need to analyze them all. Parquet is a very efficient way of storing that information, querying that information, and also distributing the processing of that information based on the columns.