Let's talk about EBS elastic volumes as well. This is something the exam might want you to know about and it's nothing special. You don't have to explicitly enable this if your instance type supports it, which most do these days. The idea behind EBS elastic volumes is that you no longer need to detach a volume or restart your instance to change that volume. It's kind of magic. I don't really know how it works, but somehow they've made it so that if you want to change the type of your volume or the size of it or its performance characteristics, all you got to do is go to actions and modify volume from the console, put in your changes and it will all happen without any downtime, which is pretty impressive. So for example, you could increase the volume size without actually bringing down the instance that it's attached to. That comes in handy, right? If you're running out of disk space, you just need to add some more. It's pretty easy to do. However, you can only increase the volume size. You cannot decrease it. I mean, you can imagine how that would cause some complexity if you try to shrink a volume that was already full, right? So that that makes sense to me. The other cool thing is you can change the volume type on the fly as well. So let's say you want to go from GP2 to GP3 storage. You can actually do that. Just go to actions, modify volume, change the volume type. And while you're at it, you'll want to specify your desired IOPs or throughput performance as well. If you don't, it will just try to make an educated guess based on the maximum GP2 performance or a minimum GP3 performance you would have gotten. But. But it's better practice to explicitly say what you want there. But you can do that. You can actually change the volume type on the fly without actually taking the instance down or detaching the volume or anything. It will just do it. I don't know how. Again, it's kind of magic. You can also increase or decrease your performance attributes as well. So if you do want to just raise the IOPs or throughput performance, you can do that on the fly as well. So that's EBS elastic volumes. Just know that these are things you can do with EBS that are pretty cool.