Let's talk about Kinesis Analytics cost model. It is serverless. So you just pay for the resources you consume and nothing else. It scales up for you automatically, and you don't have to worry about the underlying resources needed to actually run your Kinesis Analytics applications. However, it's not cheap, unlike some other serverless services that AWS offers. When I was making this course, Kinesis Analytics actually made up the bulk of the actual charges that I incurred while developing this course. So use it carefully and do make sure to shut down any analytics jobs once you're done using them. Just to be safe. As far as security goes, you can use IAM permissions to access the streaming, source and destination services that you're working with, so you can configure IAM to allow your Kinesis Analytics application to talk to whatever upstream and downstream services it needs to communicate to. There's also a cool feature in Kinesis Analytics called Schema Discovery, and that's how the column names in your SQL are found. It can actually analyze the incoming data from your stream as you're setting it up. So you can check that it worked, but it's pretty cool. It can actually analyze an incoming stream and write in the AWS console. You can see how it's trying to make sense of that data and impart a schema on top of it, and you can edit and correct that data as needed. It's also worth talking about something called random cut forest. This is a SQL function offered by Kinesis Data Analytics that you can use within your data analytics application for anomaly detection on any numeric columns in a stream. And you can tell that AWS is really proud of this because they published a whole paper on it, and you can go look it up if you want to. It is a novel way of identifying outliers in a data set so you can handle them however you need to. An example of doing this that they, given the paper, is detecting anomalous subway ridership during the New York City Marathon. So they have a stream of data of people going through the subway turnstiles, and they are using random cut forest to automatically identify anomalies in that rate of usage of the subway system. So this is important because if you ever see a question about trying to detect anomalies or outliers in a stream of data, random cut forest with Kinesis Analytics is very likely a good answer for that. And with that, let's dive into a hands on example, because it will make a whole lot more sense when you see this all in action.