Now let's talk about MSK because MSK is starting to appear on the Data Analytics Specialty exam. You don't need to know how to use Kafka, so, because it's quite complicated actually to use Kafka. So there will be no hands-on on this, but you need to know how MSK works, what's the architecture and the differences versus Kinesis. So Kafka is an alternative to Kinesis, and there will be a lecture dedicated to Kafka versus Kinesis in the next lecture. Because the exam will mainly try to make you choose between Kafka and Kinesis based on some scenario. So what is Kafka though and MSK? So MSK is a fully managed Apache Kafka service on AWS, which allows you to create, update, and delete Kafka clusters. And in that case, Amazon MSK will create and manage Kafka broker nodes and Zookeeper nodes for you. You deploy your MSK cluster in your VPC, it's multi-AZ up to three for high availability. There's automatic recovery from common Apache Kafka failures, and the data is stored on EBS volumes. The idea is that MSK and Kafka is a replacement for Kinesis, where you have at the same way, your producers and your consumers of data. But the power of Kafka is that you can create some custom configurations for your cluster. For example, one that can come up in the exam is that the by default the message size is one megabyte in Apache Kafka. But you can configure Apache Kafka to be able to send and receive large messages, for example, up to 10 megabytes into your cluster after doing some custom configuration. And that is a big difference with Kinesis because Kinesis has a hard limit of one megabyte for the message size. Now at a high level, you will recognize the Kafka cluster architectures should be very similar to Kinesis. So now we see what goes in your cluster. So you have brokers in the Apache Kafka brokers, and data will be replicated within them. So in this example, I've shown you three brokers in your Kafka cluster. Now producers can be your code, it could be whatever you want. You can create producers to take data from Kinesis and put it in Kafka clusters or IoT or RDS, et cetera. So you just have to write some application to take some data and put it and send it into what's called a Kafka topic. Now Kafka topics are replicated. So this is how your data is safe across multiple availability zones. And so once it's written to a Kafka topic and replicated then consumers, which will be your code, we'll be pulling from your Kafka topics. And then, consumers can do whatever they want. They can do some logics from processing or send the data into target data sources. Such as EMR, S3, SageMaker, Kinesis, RDS, et cetera, et cetera. So as you can see, it's quite similar to Kinesis. Difference is that the APIs are different, the tooling is different, and that Kafka is going to be way more configurable, which will allow you to get around the some Kinesis limits. So in terms of configuration, you choose a number of availability zones. So three is recommended or two. Then you choose the VPC and Subnets. This is a private cluster. You choose the broker instance type, for example, in the m5 large, EC2 Instance. The number of brokers per AZ and you can add brokers over time. And this gives you in the end, one Zookeeper per availability zone and one Kafka broker per AZ. So in this example, or one, two per AZ, for example, in this example. So we have three Zookeeper nodes and six Kafka brokers and three AZ in this example. Finally, you choose the size of your EBS volume between one gigabyte and 16 terabytes, which allows you to retain data for as long as you need, based on the time requirements. Again, maybe giving you a little bit more flexibility versus Kinesis data streams. Okay. Now, security is very important in Apache Kafka and you will be asked maybe one question about it at the exam. So let's take an example of a cluster with three brokers. So we can get encryption in-flight between each brokers using TLS. So by default, it's enabled, but you can disable it if you wanted to for performance improvements. You also get optional TLS encryption in-flight between the clients and the broker. And again, by default, this is enabled but you can disable it as well for performance reasons as well. You get at rest encryption for your EBS volume using KMS, so this is enabled. Now for network security, you can attach security groups to your Kafka clients to ensure that network security is made between your brokers and your EC2 Instance. And most importantly is going to be around authentication and authorization and this is very important. So this allows you to define who can read and who can write to which topics in your Kafka cluster. And so there are three kinds of mechanisms today in Apache Kafka. The first one is called mutual TLS. So that means that TLS certificates are used for encryption but also for authentication. So this is why I wrote, "Mutual TLS (AuthN)" for authentication. In that case when you use this mechanism, you have to use Kafka ACLs to access control list to do the authorization at the topic level. And Kafka ACLs are a mechanism within your Kafka cluster. You can also use something called, "SASL/SCRAM", which is, to make it very simple, username password for authentication. And again, you would need to use Kafka ACLs for authorization, or you can use IAM Access Control. And IAM Access Control allows you to do both the authentication and the authorization using IAM policies. So this is sort of what you get with Kinesis Data Streams. So this is something, again, you have to know going into the exam to do Kafka security. Okay, so the one thing that you need to know though is that Kafka ACLs for Mutual TLS and SASL/SCRAM cannot be managed using IAM policies. They have to be defined from within your Kafka cluster. Okay, so that's it for security. Next we have monitoring. So we have CloudWatch Metrics and they have three level. We get Basic monitoring to get cluster and broker level metrics. Enhanced monitoring to get more broker metrics or topic-level monitoring. So for each data stream within your cluster, and this allows you to get Enhanced topic level metrics. The Prometheus for Open-Source Monitoring, which allows you to extract data directly using the JMX Exporter or the Node Exporter using the Prometheus protocol. And Broker Log Delivery can be done to CloudWatch logs, Amazon S3 or Kinesis Data Streams. So that's it for MSK. Just remember it as a drop in replacement for Kinesis and a more configurable one. You need to remember the MSK security 'cause it will be asked for you at the exam. And I will see you in the next lecture to talk about Kinesis Data Streams versus Amazon MSK.