Okay, so in the exam, most likely you will have to choose Kinesis Data Streams over Amazon MSK. Because AWS likes you to use their products. But it is important that maybe in one or two cases you will have to say that Amazon MSK is the right insert. And for you to know it, you need to know the differences between Kinesis Data Streams and Amazon MSK and the main ones. So in Kinesis Data Streams there is a hard limit of one megabytes for message size and you cannot go over it. So in Amazon MSK though, it's one megabyte by default but you can configure for hire, for example, 10 megabytes. And that is going to be a huge difference. So if you see a large message in the exam this is going to rule out any cases that data streams answers or Firehose answers and go straight into Amazon MSK. then instead of the streams it's called Data Streams with Shards and in Amazon MSK it's called Kafka Topics with Partitions, but they're pretty similar. In data streams, though you can do Shards Splitting and Merging. So increase or decrease the throughput's of your data stream. Whereas in Amazon MSK, scaling is a little bit harder and you can only add partitions to a topic. You cannot remove partitions from a topic. In terms of encryption, Kinesis Data Streams has TLS In-flight encryption by default enabled. Whereas for Amazon MSK, you have the option to choose to send the data over PLAINTEXT. So no encryption or TLS In-flight Encryption as well. You get KMS At-rest encryption for both services. And in terms of security, you have IAM policies for authorization and authentication on the Kinesis Data Stream side and for security on Amazon MSK you can get Mutual TLS for authentication and Kafka ACLs for authorization that's combo, number one or SASL/SCRAM for authentication and Kafka ACLs for authorization. That's number two, or IAM Access Control to do both authorization and authentication within MSK as well. So you have to choose one of these options. So that's it for this lecture, I hope it will help you gain some valuable points at the exam. And I will see you in the next lecture.