Okay, so now let's get into S3, S3 is gonna be for object storage, it's serverless, you get unlimited storage, it's pay as you go. We already know this, it's good for a static content. You access object using a key and there is no indexing facility, we can use DynamoDB for that. It's not a file system, it cannot be mounted natively on EC2, so it's good to know. As an anti-pattern, what is it? It's not good to have lots of small files. It's not good if you want to have a POSIX file system, you need to use EFS instead for POSIX. It's not good if you want things such as file locking. It doesn't have a search feature, queries, and it's not good for rapidly sharing data. And it's not good if you have a website that has a lot of dynamic content, okay? For the rest, it's a great tool. So here is a comparison of all the storage classes on Amazon S3. So you have Standard, Intelligent-Tiering, Standard-IA, One Zone-IA, and then we have three for Glacier, we have Glacier Instant Retrieval, Glacier Flexible Retrieval, and Glacier Deep Archive. So you should know all of them by then. If you don't, I would suggest you look at the documentation or a video, for example, in my associate courses that will describe all of these. Now, the one thing you should know though around these storage classes that, of course, you can transition objects between different tiers or even delete them using the S3 Lifecycle Policies. So S3 has a replication feature, for this you need to enable versioning on your buckets and you have two kinds of replication. You have the CRR, Cross Region Replication and SRR, Same Region Replication. The idea is that an S3 bucket in one region, for example, for Cross Region Replication is going to be replicated to another region, that happens very fast. You can combine this with Lifecycle Rules, for example, so that's in the target bucket, you have a Lifecycle Rule to transition data into the S3 Glacier tier. But as a default, the S3 replication does not take into account tiers. So you need to manage tiers and Lifecycle Rules directly on the target buckets. So this helps to reduce latency when you want to access your data globally, this helps with disaster recovery, and this helps with security. There's also another feature you need to know about called the S3 Replication Time Control, S3 RTC, which is a way to guarantee that most of the objects that you upload to Amazon S3 will be replicated in seconds and 99.99% of those objects within 15 minutes. And in case one object is beyond the 15 minutes threshold, then you will receive an alarm thanks to CloudWatch Alarm and a metric. So it's extremely helpful when you have compliance or digital recovery needs and you want everything to be replicated at the maximum of 15 minutes between buckets. Then we have S3 Event Notifications. So it is for you to react to events happening within your S3 buckets such as S3:ObjectCreated, S3:ObjectRemoved, S3:ObjectRestore, or S3:Replication. You can filter by object name, for example, you say only the JPEG files I want and the use cases, for example, would be to automatically generate thumbnails of images uploaded to Amazon S3. You can create as many S3 events as desired and these notifications are typically delivered within seconds, but sometimes can take a minute or longer. So the events happen to Amazon S3 and then you can trigger SNS, SQS, or a Lambda Function. But there's also a second feature with S3 Event Notifications that it was going to be leveraging Amazon EventBridge. So the idea is that all your events in Amazon S3 are going to be shared with Amazon EventBridge and this is a feature you can enable and once they are in EventBridge, then you can set up any kind of very complex rules within EventBridge to send to over 18 AWS service destinations. So that means that thanks to EventBridge we can really increase the power of the S3 Event Notifications feature. So thanks to EventBridge, we can have advanced filtering options with JSON rules, so before, for just the normal S3 Event Notifications, you cannot filter by metadata, object size, object name and so on, but you can with EventBridge because all that information is available within EventBridge. You can also set up multiple destinations for one rule. For example, one rule can send data to Step Functions and trigger a workflow. You can send data directly into Kinesis Streams or Firehose and so on. And because it is using Amazon EventBridge, then you get more visibility into the archive feature, you can replay events, and you get more reliable delivery. So it's definitely an enhancement of S3 notifications. Next we get the S3 performance. So by default, Amazon S3 will scale automatically to high request rate and the latency will be between 100 and 200 milliseconds to get the first byte. Your application can achieve at least 3,500 PUT/COPY/POST/DELETE per second or 5,500 GET/HEAD requests per second per prefix in a bucket. And there's no limit to how many prefixes you can have in a bucket. But when you first need to define what is a prefix. so I'm gonna give you an object path and I'm gonna give you the prefix out of it. So if your file is in bucket/folder1/sub1/file, then your prefix in this example is /folder1/sub1/. If you have a sub2 file in another directory the prefix is going to be /folder1/sub2. Finally, if your file is into the directory name number one, then your prefix is one. And if your file is in prefix number two, then your prefix is two. The idea is that for each of these four prefixes that we have extracted out of the object path, we're going to get 3,500 PUT/COPY/POST/DELETE per second and 5,500 GET/HEAD requests per second. So that means that if you want to have a maximum amount of reads, you can create different prefix for your file and then you can scale this way. So if you've spread the reads of that one file across the four prefixes we have evenly, then we can achieve 22,000 requests per second for GET and HEAD. And you can do the math for PUT/COPY/POST/DELETE, etc, etc. So this is for the baseline performance. Then we have other performance optimizations we can get on S3. The first one is for Multi-Part upload. This is going to be recommended for files over 100 megabytes and you must use it for files over five gigabytes. The idea is that you paralyze the upload to speed up the transfers by separating a file into multiple parts, hence the name Multi-Part. So our big file has to be sent to Amazon S3. We're going to divide it into parts, they're gonna be smaller, and all these parts are going to be uploaded in parallel to maximize the bandwidth and then also make sure that in case one of these files cannot be uploaded, we don't have to retry the entire thing, we can just retry that one specific part. Now once the entire Multi-Part upload is done, Amazon S3 will be notified of it and will reconstruct our bigger file into the bucket thanks to all the Multi-Part uploads that have been done. That's number one and that's for upload. Another performance improvement we can get is called S3 Transfer Acceleration. In this case, we increase the transfer speed by transferring a file first to an AWS edge location, which will forward the data to the S3 bucket in the target region, all using the AWS internal network. And this is compatible with Multi-Part upload, so we can combine Multi-Part upload and S3 Transfer Acceleration. So the idea is that our file is in the United States and we are uploading to a bucket in Australia. Instead of going over the public internet, we just go over the public internet to an edge location in the United States and then Amazon from the edge location will go over the private AWS network into Australia and that is supposedly a lot faster than using the public internet and possibly a lot cheaper. So that is performance improvements for uploads. But what about downloads? For this, we can use S3 Byte-Range Fetches. The idea is that we want to receive a big file and we have to separate it into parts and so it's ranges of bytes. And so we're going to paralyze the GETs by requesting specific byte ranges in parallel. As well in case one of these GETs fails, we get better resilience in case of failure because we only need to request the one part, the one range that has failed. So they can be used to speed up downloads. So second example, our file is in S3 and we're going to have the first part, the second part, and the Nth part all requested in parallel. And in case one of these fail, we can just re-request that one part as we need. So this is going to speed up definitely your GET performance because we are gonna have a much higher bandwidth utilization. But this can also be used if you want to retrieve only partial data. For example, if you want to retrieve the head of a file and by head of a file, I mean the first few bytes. So in case you have a file in S3 and you want to retrieve the header, you're going to do a Byte-range request for the header for the whatever bytes you need and this will give you the part of the file you need. So this saves you a lot of cost, bandwidth, and so on, and you can just look at what you need to retrieve that one specific header. Next we learn about a feature to remove incomplete parts for Multi-Part Upload. So when we have a big file, we know we can use the Multi-Part Upload feature to upload them part by part into an S3 buckets. So what will happen is that there will be parallel uploads into the S3 buckets, but it is possible for you to stop the parallel uploads halfway and therefore you will have on your S3 buckets some parts that are going to be missing and some parts that will just sit there and do nothing. So it's possible for you to set up an S3 Lifecycle Policy to say that if there is an abortion of the parallel upload and the parts haven't been touched for say seven days, then abort the Multi-Part Upload and clean, delete the all files. So then it will be deleted. And for this you can also initiate it with, for example, an CLI API call to list and complete Multi-Part Uploads. So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.