So let's have a look at some solution architectures for Amazon FSx. First of all, how do you migrate from a single AZ FSx for Windows file server to a multi-AZ? There is no option to just upgrade it and with multi-AZ yet so therefore you must do some kind of steps. So let's create first a multi-AZ version of FSx for Windows file server and then we're going to use DataSync to send data from the single AZ to the multi-AZ file server. The great thing about this solution is that we remain up and the data sync happens in the background and then when we're ready we're going to migrate over to multi-AZ. So it's slower, but we maintain availability. The other option to go from a single AZ to multi-AZ is to do a backup of the first Windows file server, shut it down, and then do a restore into a multi-AZ. So we're going to get some down time but at least we're going to be a bit quicker. So how would you go to decrease an FSx volume size? Well, if you take a backup, you should know that you can only restore to a same size volume and you can only increase capacity for a file system. You can never decrease it. So the way to do it is actually to do a create a FSx that is smaller and then you're going to use DataSync to sync data and migrate your app over. So say you have a two terabytes FSx for Windows file server app file system, and it's going to be used by an application and you know you only use it say 500 gigabytes and you want to migrate to one terabyte. Therefore, you will create that one terabyte FSx for Windows file server and then use DataSync to migrate the data over continuously. And then when you have reached parity you can just migrate your application to use the new FSx for Windows file server and stop using the old one. Another feature you should know for FSx for Lustre is called data lazy loading. So any processing job on Lustre with S3 as an input data source can be started without Lustre doing a full download of the dataset first. So what as that means? That means that if you have a huge S3 bucket, we're talking you know, petabytes and using Amazon FSx for Lustre then you can start using your application for data processing right away because the data is going to be lazy loaded. So that means that's only when a client is going to request for that specific data set, will FSx for Lustre download it and therefore is going to decrease your cost and decrease your latency. So your FSx for Lustre right now, the clients ask for a very specific dataset, so it's going to be loaded into FSx for Lustre and then processed by the clients. But the idea is that as soon as you have an S3 bucket you can just launch Amazon FSx for Lustre on top of it and start using it. And then of course the data is is going to be loaded only once. So if you already have a dataset in your Amazon FSx for Lustre file system then it's not going to be loaded a second time if it hasn't changed or if it's being requested by clients. So data lazy loading allows you to get the right data exactly when your client requested and that's a great feature. So that's it for this lecture I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.