So here is a lecture that I wish I have to teach you, but I've seen one exam question where you actually had to choose the cheapest solution and they were pretty much equivalent except if you knew which one was actually the cheapest. So we know the price classes for Amazon is free. The order should make sense. We know them for EBS io1 and io2 are the most expensive because their provisioned IOPS can very quickly ramp up in terms of costs. Then we have gb2, gb3, and then we have st1 and sc1. And then when it comes to EFS, Standard is the most expensive and One-Zone and then we have the infrequent access tier, so Standard IA and One-Zone IA. Now, when it comes to ranking all of them, obviously, S3 has a different use case than EBS, which has a different use case than EFS. So sometimes just knowing the different use cases allows you to rule out which answer is wrong, but of course, if you had to choose between, for example, EBS and EFS, it could be a little bit more tricky. So here is the ranking of prices and it should make sense in terms of what is the most expensive. So the most expensive things in AWS for storage is the EBS io1 and io2 volumes. This is because they're used for databases, they're used for very latency-sensitive operations, and they're here to just give you great performance so this is what you're going to pay the most for. Then we have the EFS Standard and EFS One-Zone. So EFS is also very expensive because it is a network file system which also has good performance and so therefore, because it is distributed across multiple availability zones and replicated, then of course it's going to be expensive, but not as expensive as EBS io1 and io2. Then again, we go into the provisioned volume, so gb2 and gb3 are going to be very expensive as well. Then we have EBS st1. So st1 is for a hard drive type of volume and here we have a cheaper cost because, well, it is not frequently accessed, it's for sequential reads. Then we have the EFS IA tier. So this is the first time the storage tier for EFS is equivalent to pretty much the price of S3 Standard. Then we have EBS sc1, so sc1 is for cold storage, so the price, as you can see, is three times as less as st1. So it's very, very low and this is where we get into the archive lower latency type of workloads. Then we have EFS One-Zone IA, so this is the cheapest kind of EFS you can have and it is cheaper than an sc1. And then we have the s3 Standard IA and anything below. So just so you remember, the EFS One-Zone IA is going to be the cheapest of the EBS/EFS type of range, of course, but if you lose the zone, of course, it's going to cost you some money and if you retrieve files frequently it's going to cost you a lot of money as well. So hopefully that makes sense. Just try to remember the bottom line. It's just a mind screenshot of it and that should be good enough for you for the exam. Okay, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.