Let's start by creating a new notebook for our work, and I'm going to create that under our Formula1 folder, because it's a project work. Now under trans, and this is going to be very similar to the race results PySpark file that we created previously. As I said, we are going to be joining the driver, teams and all of those tables to get a very similar output as this one. But there are going to be minor differences and the differences are going to be in terms of calculating the points. So I'll explain that in a minute. But because it is going to be based on calculating the points, I'm going to call this one as calculated race results. So let's do that. So let's first understand the data that we need in order to create this table we are talking about, which is the calculated race results table. Let's switch back to our data model. So what we need in terms of identifying the most dominant drivers in the teams are the results basically, right, so we would need the points and the positions, they have completed the race and things like that. But we also want to slice and dice the data based on the driver name as well as the constructor name. So that means we need to join to the drivers and the constructors table. And also in order to get the race year, we will have to join to the races table. So what we'll do is we'll take this table, do an Inner Join to races, drivers and constructors. Let's start doing that. Because we are going to be using all of the data from our f1_processed database, I'm going to use the default or the current database as  f1_ processed. Let's start with selecting the data that we need. And as we said, the first table, we want to select the data from is the results table. And that data, we said, needs to be joined to the driver's table as well as to the constructors table and the races table. So let's do all of those. So the joins are all done now. We need to select the columns we're interested in. As we said, we'll start with the races because race year is the one first we said, so that will be a races.race year and then we need the team name, so that's on the constructor's table. So that's the name, and then we got the driver's table and we need the name from the driver's table as well as, we need the position and the points. So they are both on results table. So the position tells us which position the driver finish the race on and then the points tells us how many points he scored in the race. So these are the information we need. Let's execute that. So that's the output as we can see. But this is from 1954. For finishing first, you get eight points in 1954, but the points never stayed the same. So if we look here for finishing first in 2012, you get 25 points. But I think we can see more anomalies in the data where a finishing first in 1953, you've got nine points. So the points never stayed the same. At some point, actually, you were awarded ten points for finishing first as well. What we can sense from this is if we add up the points and say this is the dominant driver or this is the dominant team, which is not going to be right, because for finishing first in 2012, we've got 25 points, but in 1954, you only had eight points, which is not right. But in both cases you finish first. So you should be awarded the same points in order to find out who dominated throughout the period. So we are going to calculate the points ourselves. So the way you do that is you can use the position, what I'm going to do is if you finish first, I'm going to give ten points. Finishing second, you get nine points like that, it goes down up to finishing 10th, you get one point and after that you get no points, basically. So the way you can do that is using the position, right? So if I did, Number 11 minus the position. So what would happen is you finish first, so 11 minus one, you get ten points, you finish second, you get 11 minus two, you get nine points. So I'm going to call this one as calculated points because we're calculating this points. And let's execute that and see what comes out. In 1954 for position one, you've got ten points. And similarly you're going to have the same number of points, immaterial of which year you raced, so 2012 Vettel's got the ten points for finishing first, not the 25 points, but you've seen some nulls as well as negative values. The negative values are coming because you finished outside of top ten, so we're only interested in the top ten. So let's do a filter as well. So I'm going to say WHERE You finished within top ten, so that's less than or equal to ten. So that means you're not going to see the negative values, you'll only see the top ten drivers and teams from this. So that's brilliant. One of the things you may notice is if you created a table from this one, you're going to have two columns called Name, which is ambiguous. We don't want that. So we need to give an alias. So I'm going to call the constructor name as team name and I'm going to call the driver's name as driver name. So the alias would give us unique names for each of the columns. So that table basically gives us the information we need in order to find out, whether who is the dominant driver and who is the dominant team. So let's save this in a table, because this table is going to be used multiple times. So instead of doing all the joins and getting the data and having the expensive operations repeated many times, we are going to save this in a table. So it is useful for the analysis purposes. So let's do that. So what you can do is you can do the create table as statement. So create table and then we need to give the table name. So let's say we want to call this one as calculated race results. And then we can specify the format. I'm going to use Parquet. Nowadays, Delta is the default format. We haven't touched upon Delta yet, so I'm going to explicitly specify parquet, so it'll create the parquet files. But when we come to talk about Delta, I'll explain what the Delta format is. And then you say AS. But one thing that will happen is because we've used the default or the current database as f1_processed, this table will be created under f1_ processed. I don't want that because we are putting all of the data that we're using for presentation purposes under the presentation database, like the race results. So that's how we've segregated our tables. So I want to put it in the f1_ presentation. So in order to do that, we're going to say we're going to put this table under f1_presentation database. So this is what I meant previously. If you are working with multiple databases, just specifying it, current database as one database doesn't really solve that problem. So I normally tend to put the full database name on each of the tables so that when someone comes to look at the query, they'll understand actually where the data is coming from rather than using a default or a current database at the top of the script. But if you are working with only one database within a notebook, that's fine. But this is I think this is best practice, but it'll be totally down to you. So let's execute this statement now and we expect a table to be created with the data we need. Okay, so the table is now created, let's quickly query the data to make sure we got what we need. So that will be SELECT * from this table. And as we can see, we got the data. This is for the 1996 race and you've got position one and calculated points as 10. And all of that looks as we would expect to see. So now that we've got the data we need in the next lesson, we are going to look at the dominant drivers. See you then.