Now that we've got the table with the data that we need, let's look at the analysis. So we want to find the dominant drivers now. So I'm going to not cloud this folder. I'm going to create a separate folder for our analysis purposes. So that's kept separate. And here let's create a notebook called find dominant drivers. Let's now start analyzing the data. So if I do a SELECT * from this table that we created previously, which is the calculated race results, we got the driver details and we've got the points he's earned. So we were keen on the calculated points because now that is fairly distributed amongst all drivers as supposed to based on the years they've raced and they've got the points. So one of the things we could do is we can calculate the total number of points for each of the drivers and then rank them based on their total number of points. So let's try and do that. So it'll be driver name we want to select and then we want to do the total number of points for the driver so we can use the aggregate function SUM on the calculated points. So I just tabbed out there, so it'll give you a help with the column names. And so I'm going to call this one as total points. And because we are doing the aggregations based on the driver name, as we discussed previously, we need to group by the driver name, so the data is grouped by the driver name. And then for each of the drivers, we got the points being summarized here. And because we want to see the one with the highest point on the top, let's do an ORDER BY as well. And that will be the order by. We want to see the highest points on the top. So I'm going to do ORDER BY DESC. Let's now look at the data here. It makes a bit of sense. We've got Lewis Hamilton with a lot of points and Michael Schumacher, who dominated the decade before he ranks number 2. And then you've got Vettel as well. That looks reasonably okay. But one thing you might think of is the driver who raced the most number of races is going to have the most number of points. It really doesn't matter that much how well he did, but we want to know how well he did. So let's prove a point here. I'm going to do a COUNT of the number of records for each the driver, which tells us a number of races he's raised and we're going to call this one as total races. And let's see how that looks. Lewis Hamilton obviously has raced on 232 races with 1903 points. And similarly, Michael Schumacher has got a similar number of races and points, so it doesn't make a huge difference. But by the first look, it looks like Lewis Hamilton has only raced on six more races, but he's got another 107 points, so he's probably done slightly better, which is okay. But if you scroll down a bit. So you're seeing things like here, Senna only raced on 104 races and got 869 points, whereas Rosberg's raced on 144 races, it is 40 races more and he's only scored another 30 points, which doesn't make sense. And we would think Senna should be higher above compared to Rosberg. So in order to fix that one, instead of looking at the total points, we can look at the average points each driver has scored across races. So that might probably give us a better understanding of the data. So let's see, average points now. Again, I just did a tab to get that column list here. that's quite handy when you come to do it. So it's avg, I'm going to call this one as avg_points. And let's now ORDER BY the average points and see whether that changes the order in any way. Oh, no, that's really messed everything up because we got, drivers we haven't even heard of that match and they are on the top. That's because there are people who have just raced on one race and got nine points. Obviously they would be a ranked higher compared to the one's who raced on more races but got a few points as well. So we really need to restrict on the number of races. So we want to probably say that, we will only include drivers who have raced on certain number of races at least, because that way you've got a bigger sample of data to analyze it rather than just looking at a few. So you might be tempted to say, I want to say where total races is > 50. But if you did a WHERE clause here that won't work. The WHERE would only operate on what you've selected from this table. So let me do that anyway, just to show you. So if I said actually, I want to see only the drivers who raced on at least 50 races, this is going to tell me the WHERE is not okay, I should put that after the FROM. Let me do it there. And that would even still tell you actually, you can't really resolve the total races column here, because the table doesn't have the total races. So if you had it in the view the total race is in a view and then you just select it from there, it would work, but in this case, it won't work. But you can fix it by using the HAVING class, which we talked about having works on aggregated output. So you can say HAVING you can't use total races, but you can say COUNT One. So now it's going to only pick the drivers who have raced on at least 50 races. So you're seeing here, a reasonable data. So you've got Alain Prost raced on 138 races with 1,156. We didn't even see him in the last select when we did it, but his average points is 8.37, so he was scoring 8.37 on an average across all his 138 races, which is pretty good. And so now obviously we looked at previously he was on number 14, I think, and now he's moved up to number 2. And a lot of people respect him as one of the best drivers Formula1's ever had. And you've got Jackie Stewart and Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher, and so Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher are almost recent drivers, but the others are slightly older. So the sport does think actually these are the drivers who dominated the sport all time. But some of you might be following Formula1 in the recent decade, last couple of decades. So let's look at that data and see who dominated in the last decade to start with. And then we can go 20 years as well. That will give a good rating. So in order to do that, because we've got the race year, which we did include in our table, we can say BETWEEN 2011 and 2020 say. So now this is going to pull the data between 2011 and 2020 and do exactly the same ranking which we've used. And as you can see, most of us do know Lewis Hamilton dominated the last few years, and before that it was Vettel and Rosberg had a small brief season as well. And Verstappen's been up and coming as well. So this kind of gives us a good picture. Alonso had a better decade before that, than the 2011 to 2020. So what we can do is we can look at the decade before let's do that and that will be from 2001 to 2010. Let's look at that one now. And now, as you can see, you've got Schumacher absolutely dominated that era and Lewis Hamilton and Montoya and Alonso as well. So these things give us a better reading of the drivers who dominated in the last decade or all time. So hope this has been useful in looking at how to use Spark SQL to analyze your data. And if you wanted to save this output, you can save that into a table or you can have a view which you can query later on as well. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.