Okay. The next thing we want to do is to find the most dominant teams of all time, as well as in the last decade. So what I would like you to do is to take this as an assignment and then do it yourself. So create a new notebook and call it most find dominant teams and then do the work yourself. And if you get stuck, come back to the video and I'll explain how I would go about doing it. But it should be quite simple because it is very similar to what we did before. Good luck with the assignment. I'll see you soon. Welcome back. Hope you manage to complete the assignment successfully. If you haven't, please follow along with me and I'll show you how I would go about doing it. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to open the find dominant drivers, which we did previously in another tab, and then I'm going to copy the SQL from there and do the work here. So the difference is actually we looked at the driver previously, but we want to look at teams. So I'm going to change the select to use the team name and the group by to do the team name. So normally in Formula1, each team has got two drivers, but because we are grouping by team name and summarizing the points, we're going to pick up both drivers, points as a team. So again, we want to have a count greater than certain number because there are two drivers in a race, 50 doesn't go that far. So I'm going to go for 100, just to give a similar picture to the driver's points. So let's do that and execute it and see what happens. So this is for all time. For all time, Mercedes has come on top because they've been dominating the recent years and the domination is quite significant compared to others. That's why even with the 385 races, they are still way above. So they've got 7.61 points on average per race and obviously Ferrari follows next and McLaren had a really good time in the last decade and Red Bull did as well and Williams has had really good time previously, but recently they've been doing poorly. That's why they on number five. But if you look at specific periods, Williams might come out on top for those periods. So let's do something like that. Let's look at the last ten years like we did for the other work. So for the last ten years we got Mercedes obviously, they have dominated it and you've got Red Bull closely following and Ferrari are on the third. But if we look at the ten years before that, things will be different. So let's have a look at that. So as you can see, Ferrari had a really good time during that time and they've got McLaren, Red Bull and Renault had a good time as well actually, Alonso was driving for a couple of years and he was a champion. So as you could say, this is quite simple within SQL just to analyse it. And the analysts normally prefer SQL as well. That's the end of this lesson and I'll see you in the next one.