Instructor: So far, I have been talking you through this data and explaining which driver dominated in which year. That information is not here. But it'll be nice if we can pick the top five or 10 drivers and then visualize their data or visualize their performance over the years so that we can talk through and it makes a bit more sense. So that's what we are gonna do in this lesson. So I'm gonna copy this select statement we've got here because we can use it in the next one rather than writing it from scratch. And also what I have done is I have created another notebook and called it viz_dominant_drivers. And that's under the same analysis folder. So let me put that statement in here. If I run it, we get the same results we saw. So we got the drivers ranked here, but the rank itself is not a specific column. We relied on the UI. So we need to use that information later down the road. So I'm going to create a rank as a column within this data. In order to do that, we can use the window function as we've seen previously, so we can use the rank function. So as you know, the rank function takes in two values. One is the partition by and the other one is the order by. So usually we partition by within a window and then we order by something to give a rank. In this case, we don't really need to partition by anything because we are ranking the whole population of our data. So let's miss the partition by but we still need the order by. And the order by we want to do is based on the average points. So the average points itself is not a column within this table because that's the column you can use here. But in order to get the average points we've used the average function here. And interestingly, you can use the same aggregate function in your order by as well. And then if you do descending we are going to get the driver rank. So I'm gonna call this one as driver_rank and let's run this statement. And we should get a rank which matches the UI itself. So now that we've got a rank here we can use that later in our processing. Okay, that's pretty good. In the next statement, we are going to get the information for each of the drivers per year, so that we can plot it on a chart. So let's copy this select statement. And what we need now is the race year as well because we wanna see their performance over the years and see how well they performed over the years. So you need the race_year in your select. If you add it to the select you need to add it to the group by as well so that the aggregations are done on the race year and the driver name. We don't really need the rank because the rank is all time and we don't wanna rank them within each year as well. We could do that but that's not what we are plotting in this case. So I'm gonna take that out and let me run this query. The query return no results. That's because we're still having count one greater than 50, whereas within a race year, that's what we are grouping by, we only have 20 or a maximum of 24 races. So I'm gonna take that out altogether. And if we just run it, we are gonna get the data. So we got the race year and the driver name and how many races he's raced and the total points and the average points and things like that, which is fine but let's order by race year as well. So that's cool. So we seeing within 1950 so we've had Fangio had three races and average points is 10 and things like that. But we are not interested in all of these drivers. We are only interested in certain drivers which are the top five or 10 in this case. So one option is we can have that as a CTE which is a common table expression in this query, but that is slightly advanced. But instead we can apply one of the things we've used already, which is create a temporary view. So let's do that. So I have now created a view called dominant_drivers. v_dominant_drivers. And we can join to that view here, or we can even filter down. Because it's only a handful of records you can just use the in class to filter out. We haven't seen the in yet but I'll show you how to use that. So all you do is by driver_name IN. You can give a list of driver names but I'm going to select it from that view. So that'll be SELECT driver_name FROM that view WHERE driver rank is say, greater than or equal to 10. Sorry, less than or equal to 10. So that's going to give you the top 10 drivers of all time and their performance over the years, each of the years. So let's run that now. And from now you can only see, like Jackie Stewart dominated the earlier era and then it went to Niki Lauda for a period of time. And you've got Nigel Mansell, Alain Prost, and then Niki Lauda was back for a bit as well. So all of that information is here but we don't wanna be looking at this data as it is. We want to create some charts from this one. So let's do that. The first thing I want to try and do is to create a line chart. So in order to do that, you click on this chart button and that gives you by default the bar chart. Let's change that to a line chart here. So go to plot options, and then you can pick the type of chart you want which is a line chart is what I want to get. And you can change everything here. So in my case, I want to use the keys as the race here because that's what we want to see at the bottom here. So let's put the race here as keys. And we want to group the data based on the driver because that's what we are gonna display. And then if you put that there you're gonna get what you want. So let's click apply. Okay, so this is the chart we wanted. It may look a bit daunting to start with but you can see the top performance on the top. So you've got Jackie Stewart dominated the early era and then you've got Niki Lauda and you've got Alain Prost for a period of time. But in between you've had Niki Lauda for a period of time as well, he came back. And we've got Nigel Mansell for a period of time. You've got Michael Schumacher for a long period of time here and then Sebastian Vettel with the Red Bull had it for a few years. And now it's Louis Hamilton for the last few years. So that's what the chart tells you. And as we've seen previously these are the drivers who dominated the sport. So that's a nice chart but let's look at a few more charts as well. So we'll do a bar chart and then area chart as well. So I'm gonna do a bar chart next. So in this bar chart, it doesn't make a lot of sense just to look at it as it is, but I want to see the total races because we were saying the ones who race the most had the most points. We can now see how that works. So I'm gonna put the driver name as the keys and then you've got the values as total races and total points. Let's click apply. And then you can see these drivers, the later drivers here are having more and more races. The sustainability is quite long nowadays and that's where they've got more points as well. The other thing I wanna do is the area chart which will be quite an interesting one to see how they dominated and the periods. It'll look better than the line chart that we created previously. Let's do that Now. Let me run this query first. And then if we go into the plot options again, and then look at the area chart. And we want to change this because we want the race here as the key and we want the driver name as the groupings, and we've got the average points. So again, let's click apply and then I'll talk you through. So now this makes a bit more sense. As you can see, that's the Jackie Stewart era where he dominated. And then you've got Niki Lauda for a period of time here and then back again. And you've got Alain Prost for a period of time. And then we've got Ayrton Senna at the back. But his time was shorter before his death in the race. And after that you've got Michael Schumacher for a long period of time here. And Vettel had a period of time with the Red Bull here and then now it's Louis Hamilton for the last few years. So amongst the ones we've looked at, I guess actually this one gives us a better picture of what's happened in Formula 1 of all time. If you wanted to look at only the last 10 years, 20 years, you can again change the queries here and then you can visualize the data if you wanted to. So that's the end of this lesson and I'll see you in the next one.