In this lesson, we want to look at the dominant teams. Now that we've done dominant drivers, teams follows a similar pattern except for the driver details, we would use the team details. So I would like you to have a go at doing this yourself as an assignment and if you get stuck, come back to the video. Okay. Hope you managed to complete the assignment successfully. If you haven't, if you need help, please follow along and I'll show you how I would go about doing this. To start with, I'm going to clone this notebook, because a lot of the code will be very similar on both of them. So I'm going to change this one from drivers to teams and the number three, I'm going to change that to four and click Clone. So that will Clone my notebook for me. So the view itself, we need to change that to teams now. And instead of the driver name, we are going to have the team name. I'm going to copy that so I can paste it as I go along. And now this will be called the team rank. And also we want to group by the team name. So this view should give us what we need. I need to attach to the cluster and that's done as well. So let's run it. So let's just quickly query the View, just to make sure that the data is as we expected because we made a few changes now. That looks good. But one thing we wanted to do is actually we wanted to increase the count to 100 because we got two drivers on each teams normally, so it's better to do it that way. Okay. So that looks pretty good and as expected. And now let's make the other changes. I'm again going to replace the driver with the team name here. So the query has returned the results here, we just need to plot it. So let me go to the plot options and we want the race year as the keys and we want to group by the team name now rather than the driver name. And we want to give the average points and we want to use the line chart instead of the bar chart. So let's click okay. And it looks a lot more clouded than the drivers one. So I would encourage you to use team rank less than or equal to 5, so that we can see better visualization. And then let's go to plots again and group by the team name. And that looks a lot better. So we're seeing just the top five teams here. And as you can see, we've had a spike here from Mercedes and then they went away from the sport and they came back here and they're dominating again. And Ferrari have been consistent most of the time through, but they've been running behind recently and Red Bull had a good couple of seasons here with Vettel. And also you've got Williams dominating a period of time as well, they came from here and they've dominated that period and then now they are not doing that well. So that kind of makes a lot of sense. And let's not worry about this part bar chart because it might not add any value for the teams. Let's close that one and let's do the same thing with the area chart, I'm going to copy this query and then put it underneath here and run it through. And we're going to use the area chart for this one. So we want the race year and then we want to group by the team name and we got the average point as well. So let's click Apply. And as you can see, Ferrari have been dominant for a very long period of time and we've got others dominating it different periods of time. So Ferrari just dominated most of the way through and we've got Mercedes dominating in the last few years. So that kind of explains what happened in Formula1 in terms of teams. And that's the end of this lesson. And in the next lesson, I'll show you how to create a dashboard from these visualizations and make them available for someone. I'll see you then.