In the last couple of lessons, we've created some really good visualizations. But it'll be nice if we can share those visualizations via dashboard to the rest of the team or someone from outside the team. So that's where Databricks gives you the option to create dashboards. And that's what we're going to do in this lesson. But before we create a dashboard, I'm going to show you one more visualization command called display HTML. So we've seen this place before. And the select statement, when it runs, it's running a display statement. That's what you've seen here. But there is another function called display HTML. And I'm going to show you how to use that one first. That will help us give a title for our dashboard, for example. So let's try and create a title for our dashboard. I'm going to create a Python cell. So I'm going to create a Python variable called HTML. And I'm going to give a HTML string, and that's what it's going to be sent to the display HTML function to display that HTML. And once we've done that, we can use that in our visualization as well. So what we're going to do is we're going to define a header for our dashboard here. And I've already prepared that for you. So I'm going to quickly copy and paste it here. And I'll explain that it is just a header with a color as black and the text being aligned in the center and the font being Arial. And that's going to have this text basically. So let me just run this. I missed the variable being passed in, so I'm going to send that in. And now you're seeing report on dominant Formula 1 drivers. So our dashboard is going to have this as the header and then we'll have the other visualizations in the dashboard as well. So let's do that. In order to create a dashboard, you come over to View and then click on New Dashboard. So that basically gives you all the visualizations that were available in that notebook. Let's start with naming our dashboard. I'm going to call this one as F1 dominant drivers. Within the visualizations here, you can resize them, you can move them around and do everything. So I'm going to resize this, because we don't want to have that all the way down. I'm going to make it slightly smaller and you can delete the visualizations you don't need. For example, if I don't want to have this in my visualization, I can delete this chart. So that's gone and I can move them around, so let me move this to here. And also it'll be good to see a bit more information here, so I'm going to make it slightly bigger. And also let's make this one slightly bigger just to match that. And there are other things you can do, so you've got the settings button here, which you can use to give a title for that chart, for example. So let me say Dominant Drivers and you can align it in the way you want. And if you want to have a separate run button for that, you can do that as well, so let me click Save here. So that's got a run button and that's got the header come over here as well. Let's do the same thing for these as well. And the separate run button basically lets you run just that query so that SQL behind it can be rerun again. So it's running it in Spark now, giving you the result. So if the data has changed, then you'll see the new results here. So that's the beauty of this one. And if you want to click Run all, you can run the whole thing and once you've finished everything, you can make it available by clicking on the Present Dashboard, and that gives you an URL, which you can share with other people. And because we gave a run button, we got separate runs for these ones. And if you wanted to update the entire dashboard, you click on the Update. It's going to run the entire notebook and reproduce the visualizations for you as well, which is quite nice. So you can just make sure that your dashboard is up to date when you're looking at it. So that's how you create dashboards within Databricks. And that's the end of this lesson. And I'll see you in the next one.