In this section, we are going to talk all about cost management. Obviously, storing your data on S3 is important, but of course we all want to do it in the most cost effective manner as possible. So this section we're going to go over all the different tools and ways that you can save costs when you're using Amazon S3. Now, we've already talked about how Amazon S3 is a highly available and cost effective cloud storage solution, but let's dive into the main cost factors here. So storage data transfer, APIs and monitoring. Now storage really refers to the data that you're going to store in your buckets. Amazon S3 offers virtually unlimited storage capacity, and that allows you to store retrieve any amount of data at any time. However, it's really important to consider the costs associated with the amount of storage that you utilize, especially if you are footing the bill. If your organization is not obviously in an organization, it's important, but it may be a little bit more important to you if it's coming out of your own wallet. Obviously, the more data you store, the higher the costs will be. So if you have files that you don't need in your S3 bucket, well, the easiest way to save costs is just going to be delete that data from your buckets. Now, the next cost factor here is going to be data transfer. This includes data transfer between different storage classes within Amazon, S3 and any outbound data transfer from your buckets. Now when you move data between storage classes or retrieve data from your buckets, you're probably seeing additional costs associated with that data transfer. Now, of course, it's essential to keep track of these costs, to optimize and usage and minimize your expenses in S3. Keep in mind that frequent changes between your storage classes could really increase your costs. So you might need to take a closer look at your data and better understand your access patterns to place it in the correct storage class. That way, it's not constantly being moved around. API requests are another crucial consideration for Amazon S3 APIs represent the number of API calls that you're going to make, such as things like gets, which is like retrieving data or just puts, which is uploading data. S3 charges for your API costs as we've talked about already and each API call ultimately going to incur a small cost. So therefore the number of API calls can really add up over time. Understanding your API usage patterns can help you optimize your costs and really minimize all these unnecessary calls that are going to increase your bill. Lastly, monitoring and analytics costs should be considered when you're using Amazon S3 features like Intelligent-tiering or storage lens while they provide valuable insights to your storage usage, performance and access patterns, they may have associated costs, especially if you enable some of these advanced features. So it's really important to evaluate the benefits that you're getting out of these tools versus the cost impact when you're using some of these features. So in summary, the primary costs that we're looking at here in Amazon S3 really include our storage, our data transfer, our API calls and our monitoring solutions. So by being mindful of some of these cost factors, you can really start to optimize your usage, minimize your expenses in S3 and obviously ensure efficient management of your data storage in the cloud. So we've seen this slide before. Of course, choosing the correct storage class is going to be paramount for saving costs if you are not accessing your data very frequently, well, it may make sense to start moving that data over towards the right on this screen as we move over towards the right, over to Glacier and things like that, Well, the costs per gigabyte go down to very, very minimum. So again, monitor your access pattern for a lot of your data. If you're not accessing it very often you want to start moving it across of this list to save on costs. Let's take a look at some other considerations for cost here. We're going to take a look at some of these main cost factors, including access rates, object size, object count and duration of storage. Now, the first is access rates, which really refers to how often you're going to access your data that's stored in S3. So it's important to choose the storage class that really aligns with your access patterns as frequent access or retrieval of the data may incur additional costs. So again, analyze your access rates will help you optimize your costs and allow you to select the most cost effective storage class for that particular data. Object size is another cost factor to consider when using Amazon S3 and we really haven't talked about it a whole lot. So while there are charges based upon the size of your object, there are minimum charges for objects smaller than 128 K So if you have a lot of small objects in your bucket, it's really essential to evaluate the overall cost impact of those. So if you have a bunch of smaller files, you might. Actually benefit from compressing them into a single larger file, and that actually may save some costs on S3. The next one is object count, and that really refers to the total number of objects that you're storing in S3. We already know that we can store an infinite amount of objects inside of our bucket. We don't have a limit in terms of the number of objects. However, it's important to know that as you increase the object count, that can have cost implications in terms of monitoring analytics and storage size. Some of these monitoring and analytics costs may increase as you start analyzing a larger number of objects. And storing more objects naturally increases your overall storage costs. So it's going to be crucial for you to evaluate the trade off between the benefits of an object count and the associated costs. So the more objects that you have in your bucket, the more it's going to cost for monitoring analytics and of course moving those objects between different tiers or classes. If you have things like lifecycle rules or intelligent tiering. And finally, duration should be a consideration when you're using certain storage classes in S3. Now remember that some of the storage classes charge a minimum duration fee. If you retrieve your data before the minimum number of days, it's essential to assess your data access requirements and choose the appropriate storage class based upon your expected retrieval patterns. So if you're going to put some backup or archive data on some of these storage classes, make sure you understand and be realistic about how often or when you're going to retrieve that data. So if it's just a copy of a backup file, most likely you won't need that. And then the extra cost, if you have to retrieve that may be worth it in that scenario. So by understanding the duration costs, you can make better informed decisions that align with your budget and your usage needs. The next topic for considerations for cost is obviously moving your data to the right storage class. That one should be pretty obvious in terms of saving costs here. Now of course we can use intelligent tiering, which is really designed to help us remove the uncertainty of which storage class to choose from or for data that we have unknown access patterns for. Keep in mind that Intelligent-tiering does have a monitoring pricing and it only monitors objects that are greater than 128. K says they have. Customers have saved $1 billion using intelligent tiering. So it could be an option for you if you're unsure of what your access patterns may be for some of your data. So if you have data in S3 and maybe Intelligent-tiering doesn't necessarily work well for your use case, well, we can simply use lifecycle rules in order to migrate our data for us. So if we have predefined time frames that we want to move our data, we can simply use lifecycle rules to do that instead of relying on intelligent-tiering to do that for us. Now remember that lifecycle rules only tiered data down and not back up. So it's not like intelligent tiering where I can move it back up to say, S3 standard if the data is being accessed more frequently. Lifecycle rules only go downward. So if you think you may be accessing your data more frequently, it might cost you more for frequent retrieval of that data. If lifecycle rules have moved it into a tier such as Glacier, if you're not sure of which storage class to use, or maybe the workload is consistent or requires frequent access, then you can simply just do direct puts to like S3 standard and have your data live on that storage class. So if you understand what your access pattern is, then you can go straight to that storage class without having to pay for intelligent tiering or risk putting it on a lower tier and having to pay retrieval fees and minimum storage fees. So the next way that we can save money is using the right retrieval mode. So if you recall, some of our storage classes have retrieval fees, especially when you're considering the glacier family of storage classes. So if we have an S3 bucket here, we have a storage admin and we need to get an object, we need to choose the data retrieval speed. And just like Fedex or UPS or whatever, the faster we need our data, well, the more it's going to cost us. So we have our retrieval fees of things like standard AIA and one zone. AIA is just a penny per gig. We go to Glacier, it's $0.03 per gig, and then we move to Glacier flexible and deep archive and you can see that the price keeps on going up. The faster that we need our data and it goes down, the slower that we require our data. So if you need to retrieve data from, say, Glacier Flexible, but you don't necessarily. Need it right away. You're going to work on it sometime this week. It's not necessarily urgent. Then you can choose something like standard or bulk and save quite a bit on your retrieval costs if you don't need that data right away. Now, if it's something like a backup or something like that where you need it immediately, it may be worth the cost to go ahead and get that expedited. So you have that data right away and you can restore that for the requester. So this is another way that you can save on costs using the right retrieval mode for your particular use case.