Okay, so now let's do a little bit of a deeper dive into how the multi part upload works. So this is allowing you to update a large objects in parts in any order and it's recommended when you have a file that is over 100 megabytes and it must be used for the files that are over five gigabytes. This helps you paralyze the uploads. So this helps you speed up the transfers and also be safer because in case of a failure of one part, you can retry it. So the maximum amount of parts you can have in your upload is 10,000 and the idea is that you have your Amazon S3 bucket and your big file you split it into parts and it could be up to 10,000 parts. Then you upload all these parts in parallel. So you can speed up by maximizing your network bandwidth, but you can also retry a specific part upload in case it has failed. Then your files are uploaded into Amazon S3. And then once they're all there, you can finish the upload by doing a complete request. And this complete request is going to concatenate all the parts and all the files into your bigger file back into Amazon S3. So with the failures, again, restart putting only the failed parts, which will improve performance and improve the amount of time you have to do retries. And then if you want to automate delete the old parts, you can use a life cycle policy to delete the unfinished uploads after X number of days. For example, in case you had a network outage or an application shut down, all that kind of stuff, you can upload it using the CLI or the SDK to take advantage of the multi-part upload. So if you go into management, I just wanna show you the life cycle rule that is applicable. So you can create a lifecycle rule, and I'll call it demo multi-part, and you can apply it to all objects in the bucket, that's fine, and then the life cycle rule action would be to delete expired delete markers or incomplete multi part upload, and as going to see, you can have a life cycle rule to deal with incomplete multi part uploads. And now you just need to say, hey, I want you to delete incomplete multi part uploads after three days to clean up anything you want, and this can come up in the exempt. Then you create this rule and you're good to go. So that's it, I hope you like this lecture and I will see you in the next lecture.