Hello and welcome to this lecture, "Amazon EKS Cluster Networking." So in the earlier lecture, we understood the EKS architecture. We know that control plane is managed by AWS, and data plane is managed by the customer, that means by you. Now in this lecture, let's understand the cluster networking. So far, we are not talking about the EKS or Kubernetes pod-level networking. That means how pod communicates with each other or how to expose pod services to the outside world. That will be covered in the following lecture. But here, we are talking about EKS Cluster Networking, that means when you create EKS cluster, then how does your network look like and what are controls you have over that network? So this is about cluster networking and not really about the pod networking, right? So let's start with EKS Cluster Networking first. EKS has the control plane which resides in AWS managed VPC as you can see here on the top. And then the data plane, which means the worker nodes are launched in the customer VPC. So this is a VPC which you manage and this is inside your AWS account. So control plane is launched in AWS managed account and VPC, and data plane nodes are launched in a customer account and VPC. So the question is, if that is the case, then how does the control plane talks to the data plane? Of course, there should be some mechanism and you are already aware of this if you know the requester managed ENIs. So if you worked with services like Amazon AppStream or Workspaces, or for that matter, database service that is RDS. Now RDS databases are managed by AWS, but still you can control the security group for your database. You can configure those rules. Now, how it is possible? In that case, behalf of AWS service, it creates ENI into your VPC and then it gives you control over that ENI. And then security groups are attached to the ENI, and that's where you get control of managing the traffic for those ENIs. In the same fashion, EKS control plane provisions the ENIs, typically 2 to 4 ENIs depending on how many availability zones you use into your customer VPC. And this ENI enables the communication from control plane to the data plane. So this is the traffic from control plane to the data plane. And then also sometimes your data plane needs to communicate to the control plane as well, and we'll see how that communication happens. There are different ways and we'll cover that. But here you have ENIs, which are owned by the EKS, but they're provisioned inside the customer VPC subnet. Now if you look at this architecture, typically it is advised that for this ENIs, you should have a dedicated subnet. Now you could very well use these worker node subnets to provision these ENIs, but you know, it's always better to have better control over those subnets so that you can define the NACL rules, you can have the routing rules for your subnet and then you dedicate these subnets only for these ENIs. And then EKS doesn't need lot of IP addresses from this subnet, only six IPs are required, but you know, in AWS you can create the smallest subnet as /28, which gives you 16 IP addresses. So it's recommended that you have the smallest subnets allocated for these ENIs. Now further, when you create EKS cluster, it also creates security group and these security groups are attached to these ENIs. Now this security groups are also attached to the nodes, if you are creating these nodes as a part of managed node group. And you can see here, there are a couple of rules in this security group, right? So there is inbound rule which allows all protocol on all ports and it references to the self, that means wherever this security group is attached, the traffic can flow through all those ENIs to each other. And then there is outbound rule which allows the outbound connection to IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, all the addresses, and then you can very well change those as you need. But this is a default security group which gets created, and then you also get control where you create security group and then you provide the security group ID while you create the cluster. That means it's configurable, but this is a default security group which gets created if you don't provide your own. Okay, next thing, how do you access the control plane? Now, here is the thing to understand. When we talked about the Kubernetes architecture, we said that Kubernetes APIs servers kind of the heart of the communication. If you want to talk to Kubernetes cluster, you need to make an API call to the API server. Now in this case, that API server is a part of this EKS control plane. And if you're using some kind of client, Kubernetes client like kubectl on your workstation, then you need to connect to this control plane API server and then you can deploy your pods, you can create services, you can attach nodes to the Kubernetes cluster. All those are Kubernetes-level operation and for that, you need to hit that Kubernetes control plane API. So by default, this API server is accessible over the internet. And as you can see, this is managed by AWS because it's inside AWS managed VPC and then AWS will allow the internet access to this. Now, there are ways to disable the internet access and we'll see that in the same lecture, but this is what happens when you create the EKS cluster. Now, one thing to understand that don't get confused between the Kubernetes API server which is used to manage the Kubernetes cluster components. For example, launching pods, launching services, and then there is something called EKS APIs, those are AWS EKS APIs. That means if you want to create the cluster, you need to make an API call to AWS. For example, if you launch an EC2, you make an API call to EC2 service. Similarly, you are now making call to the EKS service of AWS and then it creates the cluster for you. That's AWS API, we are not talking about that at this moment. We are talking about the Kubernetes API to really manage the internal components of the Kubernetes and to make the deployments into the Kubernetes, right? So by default, this API server it's accessible over the internet. Finally, you can have both IPv4 and IPv6 IP addresses assigned to your pods which are running on this worker node. But thing to remember is that it doesn't support dualstack mode. That means, pod cannot have both the IPs at the same time, either they can have IPv4 addresses or they can have IPv6 addresses. So that means both the options are available to you. Now, with that, let's look into the particular use cases. Now to start with, let's see what are the options you have when you say you want to access the EKS Kubernetes API server? So here is the same architecture and then you have kubectl as a client which you can install on your workstation, assuming that you have permissions to connect to the Kubernetes API server then you can very well go over the internet. Now this is a default setting where EKS cluster endpoint public access is enabled and the private access is disabled. And we'll talk shortly about what is private access. But if that is the case, you create the cluster then you can connect from your workstation. So EKS will provide you the DNS, some uniquename.eks.amazonaws.com and which results to the public IP, and then you can connect it over the internet. Now, how do then worker nodes connects to the control plane? Because as I said, this ENIs by default will only allow access from control plane to the data plane. But then data plane also needs to communicate to the control plane. For example, to let control plane know that some of the pod went down, so there should be a replacement pod. So for the reporting purpose or to get the instruction from the control plane, right? So by default, if you enable the cluster endpoint public access then this worker nodes here and it runs kubelet, as you know, needs to communicate with the control plane over the internet as well. So the traffic will go from here to the control plane. Now, for that, as you might have understood your nodes needs to be in public subnet and then you should be allowed to connect to the internet through internet gateway. And we'll talk about more patterns of public or private network going forward. But this is what happens if you go with the Kubernetes default public access. Okay, so obviously this works well, but then it means that anybody can connect to your control plane. So do you have any control over who can connect over the internet? Yes, of course, you have because AWS EKS provides you ability to provide the CIDR block to whitelist the IP addresses. So you can restrict that which IPs can access this control plane. So if you know the customer side of the CIDR then you can provide that and only traffic from those IPs will be allowed. Okay, but in certain cases, maybe you want that your worker node doesn't have the outbound internet access and still you want these worker nodes to communicate or say data plane to communicate with your control plane, or the private network. Now in that case, there is an option where what you can do is you can enable both the public and private access for this control plane endpoint. So in that case, a client can connect over the internet, but the data plane can be in the private subnet and there is no internet gateway here. And then it can access the control plane via this EKS owned ENI. So when it tries to resolve the DNS, it results to the ENI private IP. In that case, you don't need outbound internet access for your worker nodes. So that's one case where you can enable both the public and private access. Now, in this case as well, you could still have the CIDR block and you can whitelist the public IP range from which you want external client to make connection to the control plane API server. Now, while this is good, maybe in certain cases, you don't even want this public connectivity. You want that all the connection from your network to the Kubernetes control plan is private. That means it's secured, so it could be over VPN or it could be over a Direct Connect. If you have that kind of requirement, you can completely disable the public access to your control plane cluster endpoint, right? But in that case, you need to have some kind of Layer 4 connectivity between the data center and the customer VPC. Typically, it is turn over a VPN or a Direct Connect and then you have client inside this network, and this client can then reach out to the EKS owned ENI, and then the traffic can go to your control plane. Now, in this case, we have disabled the EKS cluster endpoint public access, but we have enabled the private access so that it can only be accessed from this EKS owned ENI. So these are the ways in which you can control the access to the EKS cluster endpoint. Now, at the same time, we also need to look at the AWS EKS APIs. Now, for example, if you're creating the EKS cluster altogether. Now for creating EKS cluster, you don't need access to the cluster endpoint, right? Because it is after creating the cluster. But for that, you need access to the EKS service of AWS like EC2 as I said. Now, typically, all the services are available publicly, right? You can access that, but in certain cases you want to only allow the client inside a VPC, for example, or client inside a private network to create the EKS cluster. So in that case, if you need to do that, you can use VPC interface endpoint for EKS service. Now, what we are doing here, in customer VPC, we are creating a VPC interface endpoint for EKS service of AWS. And then your client are sitting here, but this time they're not using kubectl, but they're using other tools like eksctl, which is used to create the Kubernetes cluster and eksctl talks to AWS EKS service endpoint, right? So in this case, it will fire AWS EKS API and the traffic will flow from the customer location to the customer VPC via VPN or a Direct Connect. And from there, through VPC interface endpoint, it can reach to the EKS service endpoint and then you can fire all the EKS-related APIs. To start with, it will create the cluster, and once cluster is available then the kubectl will be used to connect to the control plane and then perform all the operations. Now, this is how the VPCs look like and the, you know, networking look like for your EKS cluster. Now, few additional things, maybe recommendation or best practices, what you can do inside your customer VPC. So of course, you could have public subnets inside your customer VPC so that you can launch the elastic load balancers like ALB or NLB, and then you can distribute traffic to your pods. And we'll cover this in detail in the following lectures. And also for the outbound access to the pod, you can do that through the NAT gateways as usual. So for that, also, you could have your public subnets. Now if you're allocating IPv6 addresses, you know that IPv6 addresses are public, right? So you don't need NAT gateway, but then if you want to allow only outbound access then you need egress only internet gateway. Now, what is egress only internet gateway? It only allows traffic from IPv6 addresses to go out, right? But from outside, traffic cannot reach to those IP addresses. So this is particularly used for IPv6 addresses. But if it's IPv4 address, as you know, you should have the NAT gateways. And then NAT gateway should be in public subnet, so traffic goes from your pods to the NAT gateways to the internet gateway, to out to the internet. Further, you can also enable the VPC endpoints through private link to access other AWS services. For example, pod wants to send some logs to the S3 service or pod needs to access the EKS service, so all these endpoints are available because we are still operating as a normal VPC, right? So all those VPC-related services are available in the customer VPC as well. Further, you can connect your VPCs to other networking component. For example, you could connect it to on-premise data center or a VPN, or a Direct Connect. You can peer multiple VPCs. You can peer your VPC to the transit gateway. So all this is possible. That means you leverage all your VPC capabilities while you deploy your Kubernetes data plane into your own VPC. So we'll stop here for this lecture and now we'll slowly get into the pod-level networking and that's the most important part of this section because you will have a lot of questions related to the pod networking. How EKS assign the IP addresses to the pods? How to expose pod services externally? All that will follow, but I hope the basic building block is clear how the Kubernetes control plane and data plane networking looks like. So thanks for watching and stay tuned.