Hello and welcome to this lecture, Amazon EKS Pod Networking. Now this is one of the important lecture of this section because we are going to learn how the IP addresses are assigned to pods, how pods communicate with each other. And in the following lectures, we'll see more details around how pods communicate with external network, how pods are exposed as services, and all this could be a part of your exam questions. Now, one thing to just reiterate that we are not really getting too deep into how Kubernetes work and how deployment works in Kubernetes because in itself, it could be a long course. Idea is here to just cover the networking part, and that's to focusing on the EKS. So please, pardon, if you think that this course, or this lectures doesn't cover enough depth of Kubernetes, however I still try to keep it little simple even if you don't have much of Kubernetes knowledge. You should be able to understand what's happening here. And for those who don't know Kubernetes, I have included a lecture to introduce you to the Kubernetes, so I hope that's fine with you. Okay, so let's understand how EKS Pod networking works. So before we get into the specifics of EKS, how it supports the Pod networking, it is important to understand some of the principles of Kubernetes networking, and that is defined as a part of Kubernetes network model. Now this has been defined by CNCF as you know, Cloud Native Computing Foundation. So CNCF defines some networking specification, and then this is up to the network provider how they implement this specifications. So some of the specifications which CNCF defines are every port gets its own IP address. That means port should be treated more like a first class citizen of the network, not like containers, like if multiple containers are running on the same host, typically, they have a different OL network inside, but pod should get their own IP address. Second, containers in the same pod share the same network IP address space. That means they do not need to have separate IP addresses, but they can talk over the local host network. Third, all pods can communicate with all other pods without using the network address translation. And somewhere links to the first point that if there are two pods, they're kind of first class citizen of the network, and they can directly communicate with each other without having any NAT devices, or any proxy devices in between. Similarly, all nodes can communicate with all pods without NAT, so there shouldn't be NAT when nodes wants to communicate with the pod. And finally, the IP that a pod sees itself as is the same IP that others sees it as. Little confusing statement, but essentially what it means that there is no destination not happening, that means whatever IP pods is, others who wants to connect to the pod also sees the same IP address. So these are the specification defined by CNCF, and all these specifications are then implemented as of CNI. Now, CNI is Container Network Interface. So every cloud provider, for example AWS or Google or Azure, will define their own CNI plugin, so AWS also did the same thing. There is CNI plugin implemented for AWS VPC to support this kind of networking. And that plugin is called VPC CNI, of course, right? So let's get into the VPC CNI. So Amazon VPC CNI plugin does exactly what the specification says. Now if you look at this VPC, you have the subnets, and then you could assign IPv4 or IPv6 that we already learned in EKS architecture. Then you have the worker nodes, and these nodes have the pods, right? So how does VPC CNI assigns IP addresses to the individual pods? Now that's interesting because so far, you might have just assigned one IP address to the EC2 instance, but now one instance hosts multiple pods. Then how could you assign multiple IP addresses to those pods? So what Amazon VPC CNI does for this, it creates and attaches ENI to the worker nodes. Now you know that when we say IP address, ultimately it comes from the elastic network interfaces which AWS provides and you can attach multiple ENI to the same EC2 machine, right? And then one CNI is not just one IP address, there is something called a primary IP address, and then there are multiple secondary IP addresses. So ENI consists of multiple IP addresses altogether. And in terms of VPC CNI, it assigns the secondary IP addresses to the pods. So in this diagram, you see there is a primary ENI, which comes with the primary IP address, and then there are additional secondary IP addresses. Now, this really depends on your instance type, so different instance type would support different number of ENIs, maybe some instances support just one ENI, in that case, it'll be just one primary ENI, but some instances might support more than one ENI, maybe three, maybe 10, so there is already documented instance types, and supported ENI, which you can check for that. But here you can see that there is a primary ENI, and then there is primary IP address attached to that ENI. And there are multiple secondary IP addresses. Now this is also depending on instance type how many secondary IPs one ENI will support, and we'll look into that shortly. But in this diagram, you can see this instance type has two ENIs, one is called primary ENI, another is called secondary ENI. And then ENI has primary IP address, and ENI has secondary IP addresses. So altogether, you can see, there are three secondary IP addresses for ENI one, and three secondary IPs for ENI two. Now what VPC CNI does, it assigns this secondary IPs to the pods. It doesn't assign the primary IP, it only assigns the secondary IPs. So thing to remember that VPC CNI attaches secondary IPs. And here we are all talking about the IPv4 addresses. So likewise, all these IPs which you see here are now assigned to the pods, and that's where Pod gets the IP addresses from your VPC address space. So they become kind of first class citizen of your VPC. Now, Amazon EKS officially supports the Amazon VPC CNI plugin for Kubernetes, that's what we are seeing here. But there are also a lot of third party implementation of the CNI because CNI is a specification, right? So anybody can implement, you can also write CNI, and can plug it into, you know, EKS for example. So likewise there are different companies who have their own networking plug-ins. I have worked on Calico, which is very famous. It allows to have the network policies, and it has lot many controls when it comes to the security. But then you can choose which CNA plugin works best for you. Otherwise, AWS VPC CNI is officially supported by EKS. So that's in short is the VPC CNA. Now, after this you might have got question. If that is the case where you can only attach the secondary IPs, then how many parts I can host on a node? So, let's look at that now. So maximum pods per node and here also, we are talking about IPv4 to start with. Now, as you might have guessed, it really depends on how many ENIs you can attach to the particular instance, and then how many secondary IPs that ENI has, right? So for example, you can find this table in AWS documentation. If it's m5.large instance, it supports maximum three ENIs, and then it supports 10 IPv4 addresses per networking interface, and 10 IPv6 addresses per interface. And if you want to calculate now, how many parts you can attach, then formula will be something like this. Total number of network interfaces, so there are three into maximum IPs per network interface minus one, minus one because primary IP is not assigned to the pods plus two. Now this plus two is for because Kubernetes would have two pods, one for host networking, and one for kube-proxy on every node. So these are the additional pods that anyways Kubernetes runs. So max pod would be this formula. Now if you take an example of m5.large, for example, then m5.large has three network interfaces, 10 IPv4 addresses per network interface. So it becomes 29 pods. So if you have m5.large instance, you can host 29 total pods. Now, someone can say that 29 pods is less, I'm not able to use full capacity of my instance, and I want to increase this number. And this is typically called you know, pod density. How much is a pod density for the node? And this has been the problem with maybe a lot of customers which AWS served. And then AWS came up with some advanced networking where one host or one instance could host additional pods. So let's look at that now, how it is possible. So increase available IP addresses for the pods. If you have more IP addresses, of course you can host more pods, right? Now for that, AWS launched a new feature, but it is only supported on Nitro-based instances. Now, that feature is called prefix delegation. Now what is prefix delegation? Instead of individual IP addresses, you could assign the CIDR block to your ENIs. Instead of single IP addresses, you can give a full CIDR block with /28 for IPv4, and /80 block for IPv6. Now you know that /28 provides 16 IP addresses. That means instead of one secondary IP, you get 16 secondary IPs. And if you have 10 secondary IPs supported, then you would have 160 secondary IPs. So that means your range is now increased by almost 16 times for IPv4, and then in trillions for IPv6 addresses, right? So this is a special feature supported on Nitro instances. And here you can see that you can support many, many IP addresses, and that means you can launch many many pods on the same EC2 instance type. If you take just the same example of m5.large, then for IPv4 addresses, you could support 434 pods instead of 29 pods. Okay, but is that the way typically you would do that? I mean would you really host 434 pods on the single node? Though technically you can launch those many pods, but then Kubernetes itself has some kind of limitation, and recommendation how many maximum pods you should typically have on any node. And that limited based on, you know, your processes which are running on those nodes kube-proxy, kubelite, EPS server traffic, and the way Kubernetes manages the state of the nodes, and schedule the pods on the nodes, there is a recommended number, which is 110. So it's recommended that you shouldn't typically exceed this limit of number of pods per instance type. Okay, we talked about IPv4 addresses. Now, let's talk about IPv6 addresses. As you know, IPv6 addresses are public and globally unique. And there are a lot of IPv6 addresses. You start with /56 range for your VPC, and then you can create subnet with /64 which gives you, so two to the 64 IP addresses for your subnet, which is again in trillions, right? So you can assign IPv6 addresses to your VPC and to your subnets. But then there are certain limitations which you need to know. First of all, IPv6 addresses are supported for Nitro based instances. So Nitro is Amazon design hypervisor, which is much more efficient than the open source, or commercial hypervisor which are there in the market. And most of the new instance types that AWS is launching is based on the Nitro hypervisor. So IPv6 IP addresses are supported for Nitro-based instances as well as for AWS Fargate. Now, we learned that you could launch your pods on Fargate, and in that case you can assign IPv6 addresses to those pods. So by default, Kubernetes assigns IPv4 addresses to the pods, but as you know, you could also create your cluster with IPv6 addresses, but EKS doesn't support dual-stack. That means pod cannot have both IPv4 and IPv6 address at the same time, so keep that in mind. Now for EC2 nodes, you must configure the Amazon VPC CNI add-on with IPv6 prefix delegation, and IPv6, that means if you want to use IPv6 addresses then you should must use the prefix delegation what we just learned in the last slide. That means you need to define the /80 prefix for IPv6 addresses, and then you can assign those addresses to the pods. Further, you must also assign IPv4 address to your VPC. Now, this is confusing one way we are saying that you can't use both the IP addresses at the same time for the pods, that's true. But in order for this IPv6 addresses to work, you need to assign IPv4 range to your VPC because the way VPC has built, it needs IPv4 addresses for functioning. And then subnet must have auto-assign and IPv6 address enabled so that when pods are launched in that subnet, and the nodes are launched in that subnet, they automatically get the IPv6 addresses. And finally, IPv6 addresses are not supported for Windows pods and services as of now. Now, the important part how Pod communicates with other pods. Now, if all the pods are part of the same VPC, you know that pod have their own IP addresses, so they can communicate directly with each other. And if you remember, this was kind of defined in a specification as well that pod should be able to communicate with each other without any NAT, right? So if on the left side there is a pod wants to communicate on another pod, on another worker node, it just talks directly over normal VPC communication. So pods within the same VPC can communicate directly using the Pod IP address. So, we just understood the basics of the Pod networking. Now we will get into more specifics about how pods can communicate to the external world. That means to the internet or to the other VPCs connected through transit gateway, or to on-premise network over VPN or EDX. And it works little differently. So, it is important that you understand all those things. So, we'll cover that shortly in the next lecture. So, thanks for watching and stay tuned.