Hello and welcome to this lecture. Now, in the earlier lecture, we saw how CNI assigns private IP addresses to the pods and then how pods can communicate with each other. Now this is a next level where we'll see how pod communicates with the external network. Now this is a little complex than what we have seen already. And I hope at the end of the lecture, you would be able to understand end-to-end flow of pod networking, so let's get started. Quick recap, every pod gets private IP address from the VPC address space and then pods can communicate directly without NAT with each other if they're part of the same VPC. So this works well as long as pods needs to communicate within VPC. But more often or not, pod would want to communicate externally maybe to the internet, maybe to other VPCs, where there are additional application deployed. Because if you talk about large ecosystem, there will be multiple systems and then application needs to communicate with each other. Now, in that case, things are a little different and let's see how that kind of communication works. Now let's try to understand this communication. So there is VPC, there is a public subnet in which you have worker node and then you have ENIs assigned. And then ENI have secondary IPs which are assigned to the pods. Now on the right side, you have external network. It could be internet and there could be other VPCs. You could connect to transit gateway or on-premises network over to VPN or RDS, but this is external to the VPC. Now, the way CNI plugin has been implemented, you need to understand that when a pod communicates to any IPv4 address that isn't within the CIDR block of the VPC, then Amazon VPC CNI plugin translates the pod's IPv4 address to the primary private IPv4 address of the primary ENI which is assigned to that node. Now, let's try to break this. What it means is that if this pod here where the IP address is shown in red wants to communicate outside of the VPC CIDR, then the traffic lands to the primary ENI first and then there is a NAT which happens at this point because traffic is going out of the VPC now. So the source packet, source IP address is replaced with the primary ENI's primary IP address, which is 10.0.0.15 in that case. So if you look at the flow, this will make a request maybe to the internet, but the traffic will first go to the primary ENI and then the source IP address on the packet will be replaced with the primary IP address of this ENI. And then this packet will be sent out depending on which route you take, whether it's going to the transit gateway or to other VPC through VPC peering likewise. So this is what happens by default when pod tries to communicate outside of the VPC network. Now whatever we are talking, it applies to the IPv4 addresses only because IPv6 addresses are not network translated because they are public by default, so they don't need NATing to be enabled. So this is for IPv4 address. So that's the basic fundamentals of what happens when the pod tries to reach outside of the VPC. And now based on this knowledge, let's try to understand what happens when pod reaches the internet or to the other networks outside of the VPC. Okay, so the same diagram, but then I have shown here multiple outside networks like internet, transit gateway, VPC peering, or RDS connection, for example, connected to the VPC, and there is also internet gateway because if traffic has to go out to the internet, there should be internet gateway. Now in this case, nodes are in public subnet so that nodes can directly communicate with the internet. Now, with CNI, there is some setting which is called source NAT enabled, which means whatever we talked in the last slide, when pods goes out of the VPC network, the pod's source IP is replaced with the primary IP of the primary ENI. Now, this is a default setting and this is called source NAT enabled. That means NATing is happening at the node level here. And if you want to set that with Kubernetes settings, then it is called EXTERNALSNAT is disabled or EXTERNALSNAT is false. So this is again a little confusing, but understand that source NAT enabled means NAT is happening at the node ENI level. So if that is the case and node is in a public subnet and this pod needs to communicate with the internet, it needs to make an outbound request to the internet, then, of course, when packet originates, the source IP is the pod IP address, it goes to the ENI, we just saw that in a previous slide. And at this point, the source IP will be replaced with the node ENI primary IP address that is 10.0.0.15 and now the traffic goes to internet and internet gateway also does the NATing. It replaces the source IP with the public IP of this ENI, which is primary ENI, so that's node public IP and then traffic goes to the internet. So this is how the end-to-end communication happens when pod reaches out to the internet. So in this case, source NAT is enabled, which means EXTERNALSNAT is disabled. EXTERNALSNAT means somebody else is doing the NAT, not the node, and we'll see those use cases as well. Now if you continue with the same mechanism, then pod can also reach to the external network and this transit gateway here or VPC peering will always see the primary IP address of the primary ENI. They won't see the IP address of this pod because it is getting NATed at the node level. Now, this is good for outbound traffic as you can see here and same happens for any other pods as well, whether it's this pod or this pod, always primary ENI is being used. Now this works well, but do you see any problem here? Now, because all external networks are now seeing the node IP address and not the pod IP address directly, they can't directly reach to the pod because this is hidden now, this IP address. That means if from peered VPC you try to communicate with this pod, there is no network which will allow you to directly reach to the pod. Because it's an outboard request, it's allowed, but inbound requests are not allowed. They can't really reach because these IPs are not exposed outside because you are doing the NAT. Same logic, when you have the NAT gateways, an instance in a private subnet needs to communicate with the internet, then the NAT replaces the source IP address. The same mechanism you can apply here, that means outside network cannot reach to these pods and that's a problem, right? You don't want to do that. Another problem is your worker node is in public subnet. Typically you don't want that. You want your worker nodes to be in private subnet and then still your pod should be able to reach to the internet. Of course, you might have guessed what could be the solution. So a solution would be, of course, to use NAT gateways. But in this case, you don't want this NATing to happen at the node level. NAT gateway should see your pod's IP address, then you can reach outside through the NAT gateway. And also you want to make sure that the IP addresses of the pods are visible outside. And in that case, you would have to disable the source NAT. That means you are not doing the NAT at the node level, but you are using some external NAT for this kind of communication. And that's where NAT gateway comes into the picture. So first setting you would have to do is to disable the source NAT. And if you want to do it at Kubernetes level, you would have to fire this command which says EXTERNALNAT is true now or EXTERNALSNAT is true now, so these are kind of opposite words, but try to understand the difference. So what we are saying is now node is not doing any NAT, but then some external entity will do the NAT. Now in this case, with the same example, we have source IP as a pod. No NATing would happen at ENI level. Traffic will directly go to the NAT gateway, of course, through the routing table. NAT will replace the source IP with the NAT IP address, then it will go to the internet gateway. Internet gateway will replace the source IP with the NAT gateway's public IP and then traffic will go to the internet. So this is about the outbound traffic. It works that way. Similarly, if you want to go to the peer VPC, the traffic directly from this pod will go to the transit gateway or peered VPC or on-premises. That means on-premise network can also see the pod IP address directly. There is no NATing happening here because we have disabled the source NAT at the node level and which also means if any of these networks wants to communicate with the pod, they can directly communicate. So this is the next slide where the same setting source NAT is disabled, and if external network wants to communicate, they can do it and they can directly reach to the pod's private IP address because we have disabled the source NAT here. I know this could be confusing or maybe a little complex, but if you just follow what we talked in this lecture, you should be able to understand what is source NAT and what is an effect of source NAT while using the NAT gateways or reaching out to the external networks. So I hope that is clear to you. Now, with that, I just want to touch upon one more feature, which is not widely known, but there is something called multi-home pods. Now, multi-home pod means you could have multiple ENIs for a single pod. So far we are talking about multiple ENIs assigned to the node, but then every pod gets just one IP address, that means pod can be a part of only one subnet. But like EC2 could have multiple ENIs for multi-home kind of architecture, similarly pods could also have multiple ENIs and this is enabled through something called Multus ENI. And this is a link where you can read more about this, but essentially if you see on the left side, this is a pod without Multus where there is AWS EKS, then there is a VPC CNI, and every pod gets one network interface IP address. And on the right side, this is the Multus implementation, Multus CNI implementation. Multus can provide you three interfaces to the same pod. Now the left one is same as your existing pod networking IPv4 address from the VPC. And additionally, you could have other interfaces attached to your pods. So that's just one thing I wanted to mention. I'm not really sure if it is covered as a part of exam or not, but still good to know that pod could be multi-home. So it enables attaching multiple interfaces to the pods and you can create multi-home pods with multiple interfaces. And then AWS supports Multus with VPC CNI by default. Okay, with that, we'll stop here. I know this could be already overwhelming to understand the pod networking, but very important for your exam and in general if you work on Kubernetes networking, I think this will help you a lot. So thanks for watching and stay tuned.