Hello and welcome to this lecture, "Exposing EKS Services." If you're running some application, it is evident that you will be exposing that to the outside world so that outside world can consume your services. Okay. So why service, first of all? Now this is very similar to any other service that you will expose for any other application, whether it is hosted on EC2 machine or it is hosted on containers inside EC2. But then you want to expose services outside. Service could be your API, it could be your front end service, it could be your database service, right? So in Kubernetes, you know that you have pods. Pods gets an IP address as well. And generally speaking, it's not a great idea to expose the pod's IP address externally so that the external client can communicate with the pod's IP address directly. This is because, you know pods are non-permanent objects of the Kubernetes cluster. So the life cycle of pod is not supposed to be the long term, right? And for the same reason that pods may be created and destroyed based on scale, based on the event in the Kubernetes cluster, maybe more random kind of, right? So pods inside a cluster always keeps moving across the nodes. As I said, due to scaling event or node replacement or maybe some configuration change you made. And that's where if the pod changes its location, its IP address will also change. And that's where it is not recommended to use pod's IP addresses directly. The better ways to expose the pod as a service to the outside world, right? So that's where services are useful. Now in Kubernetes world, if you want to expose pod services externally or in general if you want to make a service out of the pod, then there are four ways, right? So very first type of the service is cluster IP. Now this is for the service to be exposed within the cluster. That means one pod can access another pod as a service within the cluster only. That means it cannot be accessed from outside the cluster. It is good if all the communication for those services remains within the cluster and you don't need to expose that externally. If you still want to expose the pod services externally, then there is another service type called NodePort. Now here, instead of pod IP addresses, you are exposing the node IP addresses externally. That means client can directly hit the node IP address and/or static port, and then it'll be redirected to the pod traffic, right? So that's another way. Again, we'll see why this is also not a good idea. Now actually speaking, if you really want to expose the services of the Kubernetes then it is best idea to use a load balancer service and the ingress service. So load balancer service typically used for network layer load balancing, that is layer four. And there are some differences in which EKS has implemented that. I'll talk about that shortly. And the latest way of having the application load balancing at layer seven is ingress service of Kubernetes. Now, these are all defined by the Kubernetes, and you know that EKS implements all these services using AWS native services like network load balancer or application load balancer. And we'll see that in this lecture. But essentially there are these four ways in which Kubernetes services can be exposed. Okay, so let's look at the cluster IP now. So as the name suggests, accessible only within the cluster. And this is a default service type of the Kubernetes. Now in this, what happens really is, when you create a cluster IP as a service, Kubernetes assigns a virtual IP and then it exposes as a service. So service is exposed on a virtual IP and this IP is not exposed outside of a cluster. Now if you see this diagram, there are three nodes, and then there is one single service which is created. And there is this virtual IP. This is not an IP of the node but this is a different IP address called virtual IP. So you must be wondering from where this IP is allocated. So when you create a Kubernetes cluster, you can provide the CIDR range for this cluster IP addresses and then Kubernetes will pick any of the IP address from that range. So you can pass this parameter service cluster IP range. And if you don't pass it, EKS uses 10.100.0.0/16 or 172.20.0.0/16 server data range for assigning to the cluster virtual IP. And the kube-proxy daemon on each cluster node defines the cluster IP to the port IP mapping in the IP table rules. That means the cluster IP service uses IP table rules to really route the traffic to respective ports across different nodes. So this is how cluster IP works, but the limitation as you know, it is only accessible within the cluster. The services exposed as the service-name.namespace.svc.cluster.local, you can see you can give the name to the service and then the name space could be different enrollments or different business units likewise, right? So that's the cluster IP service. Now, how do you really deploy the cluster IP? So you know that in Kubernetes you have to write a manifest file. So this is a sample manifest file for cluster IP type of the service. The most important for you here is the type of the service that is a cluster IP. And then you need to define the port as well on which this service will be listening and then which all ports it'll send traffic to, which is done using the labels as you know, in Kubernetes. So this is a sample file there. Moving on, the next service type as we just discussed, is NodePort. In this case, you can see this diagram. Every node has a node IP and then there will be a static port. So every service will be exposed as a node port. So if you want to hit that service you can pick node IP of any of the nodes here on the static port, maybe 80, 80, 80, right? And then ultimately the traffic will land into the port IP address on that particular node. So NodePort is used to make the Kubernetes services accessible from outside the cluster and exposes the service on each worker node's IP at the static port, called NodePort. So most important thing here to note that it's one node port per service. That means if your Kubernetes cluster has 10 services to be exposed outside, you need to have 10 static ports. So every node would have 10 different ports allocated for that service, right? And that's how it works. Port range you can use from 30000 to 32767. And then internally, this node port uses the cluster IP to route traffic to particular pod IP address. So ultimately there is a pod on top of pod, there is a cluster IP service, and on top of cluster IP there is a NodePort service. So this is a layered service architecture you can see here. Now do you think this is a great idea to use a NodePort service type because it's the same problem like it's anti pattern to use port IP address. It's also anti pattern to use node IP address because even nodes keep changing, they die, new nodes come to the life. And in that case, client would have to keep track of which is the active node and only should be able to hit that node, right? So that's a problem and not a very feasible option to expose services to the outside world. So we just saw two services as of now Cluster IP and NodePort. But the right way probably to expose the services is the load balancer and the ingress. And let's talk about those. So in EKS you could handle the network and application load balancing for network load balancing which is that layer four. Typically you should use service type as load balancer. And for application load balancing, you should use Kubernetes service type as ingress. Now, there is some kind of overlap between how EKS implement these two services and let's try to understand that. So originally the load balancer service type in EKS used to be handled by Kubernetes controller manager which is also called Entry Cloud Controller because the source code of this controller was part of the Kubernetes open source code. So it came bundled with the Kubernetes and by default it used to create the classic load balancer which you know is the older load balancer which AWS used to support and lately now it supports NLB, that is network load balancer in instance mode. So if you're using the service type as a load balancer and with in-tree cloud controller, then you can use CLB or NLB in instance mode with this load balancer. And then it supports both layer four and layer seven traffic, layer four with NLP and layer four or seven with CLB. That is classic load balancer. But as I said, this is a legacy way of implementing the load balancer service. If you want to really use the latest feature of NLB then you should be using the newer controller called ALB load balancer controller with which you can use NLB. You can't use CLB and it is not recommended to use CLB now. So rather you go with the AWS load balancer controller and then you use NLB for service type as load balancer. For ingress service type, ingress means that you should be able to have the pod base routing, host base routing, all those features you know that application load balancer supports. So this is handled by the AWS load balancer controller which is a new controller. Earlier this controller used to be called the AWS ALB Ingress Controller, but now everything is combined as AWS load balancer controller and then it deploys ALB in both instance and IP mode for this ingress resource and it works at layer seven. Now let's look at the load balancer service type with the legacy controller. As you know that there are two controllers, one which is in-tree controller and the other one is AWS load balancer controller, which is the newest one. So first look at the older controller. So of course the load balancer service is used to expose the services to the client outside of the cluster. Now interesting to know that when you configure service as a load balancer, internally it uses the NodePort service. So essentially what it does on every node, a static port is assigned and this load balancer service will send the request to the node IP and the corresponding port. That means underlying it's using the node port service. And you already know that NodePort service is built on top of the cluster IP service. So there are three layers here, right? You expose service as load balancer but internally it uses other services. So load balancer service with legacy controller supports both the classic load balancer as you know and the network load balancer. Now with classic load balancer, you can have both the traffic at layer four and layer seven and with NLB, you could have the traffic at layer four. Now one more thing that it only supports the instance mode for the NLB and does not support target as IP addresses. Now that problem is solved using the latest controller that we'll talk about, but just one more time, this is a legacy controller and you are not really recommended to use classic load balancer with this legacy controller. Rather, you should use NLB. And for NLB, you should also use the latest controller which is AWS load balancer controller. So here you can see that now you can only use NLB for load balancer service and you get many more features. For example, you can use NLB in both the instance mode as well as in the IP mode. That means you could have your target as EC2 machine IP addresses as well as Fargate as your target. And these are the supporting annotations there. You could have EC2S target in instance mode and then these are the annotations that you can use. Now, one thing to understand that whenever you are using load balancer as a service, for every service, you need to have one load balancer. That is one NLB, which means if you're exposing 10 services then 10 network load balances will be required. Now, this works well for maybe less number of services, but as it scales to maybe hundreds of services, it doesn't make sense to have those many network load balancer and that's the problem with load balancer service. As it scales, the management is an overhead and there will be a additional cost for those load balancer. And now let's see how to solve that problem by moving to ingress type of the service. And that's where Kubernetes Ingress is the right way. If you have the application layer lower balancing, in this case, it exposes services to the client outside of the cluster. And then it exposes HTTP and HTTPS routes from outside the cluster to services within the cluster. Now you can see this picture, right, there is a application load balancer, and then, you can have the pod based routing say slash service one, service two or slash product. And this is links to the target group. And then target group could have the target as an instance or target as an IP address, right? Both are shown here. So ALB is the ingress resource for EKS. Now this traffic routing is controlled by the rules as defining the ingress resource. And of course this saves you cost and complexity as now multiple services can be added behind a single ALB using the ALB target group. Like earlier we saw that if there are 10 services, 10 network load balancer needs to be provisioned. But now every service might have a different endpoint, say slash service one slash service two, every service is wrapped around in a single target group. And by doing the pod based routing, you could redirect traffic to different services. So for 10 services, you just need to have now one load balancer in that sense. So it saves you a lot of cost, right? And management as well. So this is a great way to simplify your architecture using the Kubernetes Ingress resource. And as I said, for having the Ingress resource, EKS uses AWS load balancer controller which used to be called AWS Ingress controller but has been now renamed too. So that's Kubernetes Ingress resource. This is an AWS implementation of ingress controller. It ultimately translates the ingress rules, parameters and annotation into the ALB configuration. So what ingress does ALB can also do, the pod based routing, the whole space routing. ALB also can create multiple listeners and multiple target groups, right? It supports both the target as instance or a port IP and you can choose whichever way you want to implement that. So annotations for Ingress class, you have to select the ALB and then you can also share ALB with multiple services. Now what is that? So for example, you have multiple business units and they're operating by providing their own manifest file. And suppose one business unit owns two services and they use their single ALB, but other group might have their own set of services and they also want to expose that. Now, if also they define their own manifest file, Kubernetes will probably try to create another load balancer for them. But then what you want is you want single load balancer, which is shared across all these services. In that case, you can create something called a group and if both the manifest file defines the same group name then all the services will be exposed as a part of the same application load balancer. So this is how you could manage, you know, how many load balancers you want to create and share the load balancer across those services. Now traffic for IPv6 is also supported and for that you have to define the annotation. Again, that IP address type is dual stack and it is supported only for IP targets, not for the instance target. So that's the way EKS implements the ingress for Kubernetes using the ALB load balancer controller and using ALB as the resource. So you can see ALB is at the top and the client would hit the ALB DNS, which transfers to the IP address. And then from here, ALB would route the traffic to either target group A or B, depending on the path that user specifies. And this target group could have the target as an instance or the IP address. If it's an IP address, then target group registers the ports directly so traffic directly goes to the ports but if the target is instance, then ultimately it uses the NodePort on every node and then NodePort internally uses the cluster IP as a service. So all that we learned, the cluster IP NodePort is still applicable if you are using the instance as a target for your load balancer or ingress service. So this is how end-to-end traffic works in case of the ALB. So I hope that is clear, maybe confusing, but if you just go over this lecture one more time probably things would be much easier for you to understand. Now, before we close this lecture, there is one more configuration I want to talk about because we have seen the question around it and that's how do you preserve the client IP address? So when the client hits the load balancer and ultimately it reaches the pod, if application running in the pod or in a container wants to know the client IP address, how should we do that? Right? So let's look at that. So there is external client, you have node, you have kube-proxy on every node, and then you have pods running on that node. Now you could use NLB or ALB in case of EKS. So if you're using NLB as a load balancer service, in that case, you can set external traffic policy as a specification for the service and it defines the behavior of your traffic. For example, if you say external traffic policy equal to cluster, in that case, this kube-proxy here may send the traffic to other nodes and the ports inside other nodes. So it does proper load balancing across the node if you have the external traffic policy equal to cluster and that's the default policy if you create the load balancer as a service with NLB. So in this case, what happens, the traffic comes, it goes to the kube-proxy, and now if there is a pod for service B, it sends to that and as well as this can send traffic to the port on another node. But what happens in this case, as the traffic goes to other node, the source IP of the packet is replaced with this node source IP. That means the port B here now can't see the client IP address which originated the request. And that's the problem. That means you can't preserve the client IP. The solution to that could be using the external traffic policy equal to local. Now what it means that traffic is not routed outside of the node and client IP address is propagated to the end ports. So what happens, you have external traffic policy equal to local, and the kube-proxy will only send the traffic to the ports on the same node. It won't send traffic to the port which are not on that node. So this is not done and that's where port can see the client IP address. But the problem here is that the load balancing is not even, right? So as much traffic you have, only these two ports will receive that traffic. This port will not receive that. So again, there are pros and cons and you need to see what works best for you. So that's about the NLB. In case of ALB, you know that HTTP header X-Forwarded-For has the client IP address and you can grab that IP address from this header. So it is easy in that case. Okay, so we'll stop here for this lecture. I understand that it could be a little complex putting all things together, but Kubernetes, in general, is complex and unfortunately we can't cover Kubernetes to the depth that we want to and that's where probably you should focus only on the networking part as of now. So thanks for watching and stay tuned for the next lectures.