Hello and welcome to the AWS Certified Solutions Architect Professional Course, SAP-C02. My name is Stephane Maarek and I will be your instructor for this course. So first I want to make sure that you have the right expectations for this course. The first thing, very important, is that this course is entirely slides based. So I'm assuming that you have previous experience with AWS. As such, there will be no hands on with this course and you should know the basics, that usually means that you've passed a certification in the past on AWS. This course is going to be fast paced. I think that your time is valuable and I don't wanna waste it, but if you think that I'm going too fast, please slow me down to zero point 75 x speed. As I said, I assume that you've passed a certification in the past, and that is AWS certified Solutions Architect Associate at least, but if you want to maximize your chances to pass the professional exam, then I definitely recommend you to go through Certified Developer, Certified SysOps and certified DevOps first. I know some of you want to go straight from the Solutions Architect Associate certification to the Solution Architect Professional certification, but if you're new to AWS and you need that hands on experience, take your time, do these other courses and other certifications and then get back to this certification. So the knowledge you need to know to pass the Solution Architect Professional Exam is actually extremely similar to the knowledge you've acquired for Certified Solutions Architect Associates. But the difference is that the questions are going to be more complex and knowing details is going to be very important. So how do you know details? Well by having this hands-on experience. And so this is why I recommend you, in case you're still new to AWS, to not do this course. So in the exam you will see that multiple answers are correct, but one will be the most appropriate and the best design for the requirements you have. So this is the difficulty around this exam. It's not about the amount of new knowledge you're going to have, there's still going to be some new knowledge that I'm going to teach you. It's all about understanding how to choose the best answer and there is a mix between this course and also having some hands on experience that I cannot teach you through this course. Okay, next, the exam itself is really, really hard and will test you on real AWS experience and it will test you on some very subtle service features that I will be teaching you in this course. So as such, I have included quizzes for every single section but you need to know something about these quizzes. The quizzes are not scenario based and not exam like. They're very actually difficult to write as scenario based or exam like. So the quiz's sole purpose is to help you extract some important information out of what I'm teaching you. And so to me that is the optimal way of teaching you about some specific topics. And so I would ask you to please trust how I teach, okay? I think I'm trying to maximize your chances to pass the exam. So please trust me that the quizzes are designed the right way. Even though they look simple, they will test you on some actual very specific features and that will come in handy you when come the real exam. So what about practice exams? While this course does not come with any practice exam, they come in a separate course that you can buy on Udemy or get access to. This course is solely focused on getting you the knowledge needed to pass the exam. This course also is on the new certification SAP-C02. And if you go for other practice exams, you may see outdated content in other practice exams or other courses and you may say, oh, but Stephane, you're missing this topic in your course. Well, actually, no. This course is not incomplete. It's targeted towards what I've seen and what I know is appearing at the exam. And as such, this is what I cover. Now, if you go through the actual exam, and you have some feedback for me around stuff that I do not cover, please reach out and I'll be more than happy to incorporate that into the course. So that's it. Let's get started and I will see you in the next lecture.