Hello, and welcome to the AWS Certified AI Practitioner course. My name is Stephane Maarek, and I will be your instructor for this course. So I just need about five minutes of attention just to make sure we are on the same page, and then we will get started with this course. So we are going to prepare for a certification from AWS called the AWS Certified AI Practitioner. And the exam code is a AIF-C01. So this is an AI-focused certification. It's less focused on the AWS Cloud itself. So if you're looking for a course on the AWS Cloud itself, this is not the one. You may want to do Certified Cloud Practitioner or Certified Solutions Architect Associate. In this course, having basic IT knowledge is going to be very helpful. We are going to cover over 20 AWS AI services. And if you're a beginner on AWS and IT, you are welcome, but take your time, it's not a race, and you may have to look up a few things. I'll do my best to explain everything, but sometimes that basic, basic knowledge I don't offer. So this course is about learning by doing. That means that you're going to have both theory lectures and hands-on. And I try to have as many diagrams as possible and visuals to help you learn. So I want to make sure that you exactly understand what this course is and isn't. So this is not a course on how to use ChatGPT. This is not a course on how to use other AI tools, such as how to create images or how to generate music. And this is not a course on all the AI tools that exist out there. This is also not a course on how to use the AWS Cloud properly. For this, I really invite you to look at the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner course or the AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate course. So what this course is though is that it's intended for IT professionals who want to learn about AI and to do a deep dive on all the AI services that are offered by AWS. So the goal of this course is really to help you pass what I call a technical certification that is administered by AWS. So hopefully we are on the same page and you are in the right place. If you feel that this is not the course you were looking for, no worries, just ask for a refund on the Udemy user interface and you'll be good to go. So about me, well, I'm Stephane, and I have over 11 AWS certifications. I've worked with AWS for many, many years. I've built websites, apps, streaming platforms, and I've been teaching AWS for now over seven or eight years. So that includes certifications or specified services, such as CloudFormation, Lambda and EC2. I've taught millions of students and almost got a million reviews. So you should be in good hands. You can connect with me on LinkedIn where you can follow me, on Instagram as well, Medium, Twitter and GitHub. So you are getting an AWS Certification and there are different levels to it, so we are on the foundational level, and so we have the Cloud Practitioner Foundational and we have the AI Practitioner Foundational level. This is what we're doing right now. You also have Associate level, they are more advanced type of certifications. Then you have Professional, they're even more advanced. And Specialty, where you specialize in a specific area. Right now we are at the Foundational level, which is the start, and you get a really good overview about the AWS Cloud, as well as the AI services on AWS.