Okay, so now let's discuss cloud migration strategies, and there is a blog on the AWS that describe the seven Rs of cloud migration. Now there's a very complex diagram. We're going to go over it in time, not the diagram itself, but the concepts behind the diagram. What I would recommend you to do is to actually read the blog if you can, after this lecture, just to get a better understanding of cloud migration, if that's something you're interested into. But let's go over the seven Rs because the exam may ask you which strategy you use. So you want to migrate to the cloud, and the first strategy is to actually retire. What does that mean? That means you turn off things you don't need. So for example, you have some services and you actually don't need to migrate them, so you turn them off. It helps to also reduce the service areas for attacks because you have more security, because you have less services active. You save costs because you retire services, maybe 10 to 20%, and you focus your attention on resources that must be maintained. The second option is to retain. So that means that you actually don't do a cloud migration, which is still a decision in your cloud migration strategy. And you may want to just retain the resource on premises, for example, because of security, data compliance, performance, and unresolved dependencies, or because maybe there is no business value to migrate or it's too complicated. Next, we have relocate. So relocate is actually to move your app from on-premises to its cloud version, or move EC2 instances to a different VPC, a different account, or a different AWS region. So for example, you have servers that you manage on-premises using VMware software-defined data centers, so SSDC, and you just want to keep the same but use now VMware cloud on AWS, you just relocate, but nothing has changed. Then there is rehost for lift and shift. So these are very simple migrations, and what you do is that you rehost your application on AWS. So that can be your applications, your databases, and your data. You're going to migrate your machines. That could be physical, virtual, or servers or another cloud into AWS cloud. So here you don't do any kind of cloud optimization. The application stays as is, but you leverage the cloud resources. And so possibly, by using the cloud resources, you could save as much as 30% on cost. And some services, for example, the AWS application migration service, allow you to just do that, the lift and shift. That means you take your application and you just put it on the cloud. Next, we have replatform for lift and reshape. So as an example, you want to migrate your database into RDS, or you want to migrate your application to Elastic Beanstalk. So here you don't change the core architecture of your application, but you're going to leverage some cloud optimizations, and you're going to save time and money by moving to fully-managed service or a serverless service. For example, for a database, instead of just moving it from a server on premises to EC2, you move it to RDS, and RDS is going to give you a lot of benefits around backups, around resiliency, around high availability, and so on. So your application hasn't changed, but now you're using managed services. Then we have repurchase for drop and shop. So you move to a different product while moving to the cloud. For example, you want to move to a software as a service platform, SaaS. It's expensive in the short term, but very quick to deploy. For example, you move your CRM to the managed version on salesforce.com or your HR to Workday or your CMS to Drupal. So instead of having everything on-premises, now you leverage SaaS platforms. And finally, we have refactor and re-architect. So here you want to move your application to the cloud, but you are re-imagining how the application is going to be architected using Cloud Native features. So the reason you may want to do this is because you actually want to use the cloud to improve the scalability, the performance, security, and agility of your application. You may also want to break up your monolithic application into microservices. So this is where you're going to have the most amount of effort, but usually the most amount of payoff from a leveraging the cloud capabilities. So for example, you move your application to a serverless architecture, or you're going to use Amazon S3 to store some data and so on. So that's it. I hope now the seven Rs in the cloud migration strategy makes sense. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.