Okay, so now let's talk about DMS, which is a Database Migration Service. This allows you, as the name indicates, to quickly and securely migrate databases to AWS. The beautiful thing is that it's resilient and self-healing, so your database migration job can recover from failure. The source database will remain available during the migration, which is a good thing. That means you can keep on using the source database while migrating to the target database and then safely migrate your application over. It supports many different things. It supports homogenous migrations. For example, if you migrate an Oracle database to another Oracle database. It supports heterogeneous migration, which is when you have a different database engine. For example, for Microsoft SQL Server to Aurora. And also it supports Continuous Data Replication using CDC so that you can do one of migrations or continuous migrations using CDC. And for this, you need to create an EC2 instance that will perform the replication tasks for you. So the idea is very simple. The source database is on-premise. We're going to create an EC2 instance that will be running the DMS software, and then it will insert the data into the target database. Now what are the sources for DMS as well as the targets? Well, for sources, we have on-premises and EC2 instance databases such as Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, SAP, and DB2. So a wide variety of databases. Azure, so any Azure SQL Database. Also, you can migrate all Amazon RDS databases, including Aurora. Amazon S3, and then MongoDB's running on DocumentDB. Now for targets of DMS, we have any on-premises and EC2 instances database such as Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, and SAP. But also Amazon RDS, including Aurora, Amazon Redshift, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon S3, the OpenSearch Service, the Kinesis Data Streams, and DocumentDB. So a few things to note is that Amazon Redshift, and Kinesis Date Streams, and OpenSearch Service are not sources, they are targets of DMS. So hopefully, that helps you for your exam. So AWS SCT, for Schema Conversion Tool, which is to convert your database schema from one engine to another. For example, if you're doing an OLTP, for example, from SQL Server or Oracle into MySQL, PostgreSQL, or Aurora, then you have to change the database engine. And, so, you're going to use SCT. For OLAP, for example, you want to migrate from Teradata or Oracle into Redshift. So here's the example. In this example, SCT will be running alongside DMS to convert the schema from the source database to the targets. The one thing you have to remember is that you do not need to use SCT if you are migrating the same database engine. For example, if you're doing on-premise PostgreSQL to RDS PostgreSQL, this is the same DB engine. This is still PostgreSQL, and RDS is the platform. And if you remember, this migration from on-premise PostgreSQL to RDS PostgreSQL is called a re-platform type of migration. Okay, some good things to know about DMS. First of all, it works over VPC Peering if you wanted to move from one VPC to another. It works over VPN, either site to site or software, or it works for Direct Connect. It supports three kinds of load. Full Load, which is a one-time full load extract and load. Full Load + CDC. So you have some continuous data replication after the first initial load. Or CDC only to just stream changes. For Oracle, it supports TDE for the source using something called a BinaryReader. And for the target, it supports Binary Large Objects, so BLOBs, in tables that will have a primary key, and it also supports TDE. So the idea here is that if you are migrating a BLOB data into an RDS Oracle, then you need to make sure that there is a primary key associated alongside that BLOB. For OpenSearch, as I said, the source does not exist, and for the target, it's possible to migrate from a relational database to OpenSearch using DMS. So that means that DMS cannot be used to replicate OpenSearch data. You cannot have OpenSearch as a source and so, therefore, if you wanted to replicate OpenSearch data somewhere else, you would need to get some tools specific to OpenSearch, maybe to export it into Amazon S3, and then being able to send it wherever you want. But DMS is only used to have the target being OpenSearch. So that means, for example, you can have MySQL migrated into OpenSearch through DMS. Finally, and very important going into the exam, you can combine Snowball and DMS. So in case you're doing a very large database migration, you may have terabytes and terabytes of the information or data. And, so, in case you wanted to go everything over the network, that may not be possible. Maybe because your network bandwidth is too little, or maybe because you have way too much data. And we've seen, from before, that Snowball is a great way to migrate data, large amount of it, into AWS. So you can combine Snowball and DMS together to do so. So how does that work? The following stages happen. First, you're going to use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool, SCT, to extract the data locally, so we're talking about on-premise, and then we'll copy it onto a Snowball Edge device. Then you're shipping the Snowball Edge device back to AWS. And then after AWS receives your shipment, the Edge device will automatically load its data onto the Amazon S3 bucket, and then DMS will kick in. It will take the files from the S3 bucket, migrate the data into the target store, and then if you're using CDC on top of it, any updates that have happened while your Snowball device is being shipped, will be replicated afterwards to the target data store. And here, we get a really good advantage. We get the speed and the efficiency of Snowball and the continuous data replication out of DMS. So using Snowball and DMS is a great combo and, again, something you have to remember going into the exam. So that's it for it. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.