Hello and welcome to this lecture. So as I said, we'll be now setting up the VPC peering between two VPCs, and if you want, you can also do an exercise on your own by following the steps that have given. So in this set of what we are going to do is, we should have two VPCs. Now I have created this two VPCs into different AWS regions as you can see, first VPC will be in Mumbai, another one in North Virginia region. And what we want to do is, to establish the VPC peering connection and then make sure the traffic from VPC A goes through a VPC peering connection to the VPC B. And for that, we have two EC2 instances in both the VPCs. And then what we'll test is from instance A we can reach to instance B, through the peering connection. Now, in order to make sure it is going through VPC peering connection, the instance B in a VPC B we'll make it private EC2 instance, so that there is no other way that anyone can reach to that instance from outside. Now instance A is launched as a public subnet because we want to log in to that instance, and from there we should be able to test the connection to instance B. But in ideal world maybe even this subnet could be private, and then you should have some other mechanism to get to this instance maybe you have some jump post and from there you can get into instance A, and from there you can get to instance B through peering connection. But we are keeping this setup quite simple. IP address range, I have selected 10.10.0.0/16 for VPC A, and 10.20.0.0/16 for VPC B of course, because I want non-overlapping CIDR that's the limitation with VPC peering connection. So let's do that, I have just given the steps in the next slide what we'll ultimately do is to set up the peering connection between these two VPC. And now, while you do that set up, one of the VPC is requester VPC, and another one is the acceptor VPC. And it could be anywhere round. So this would be a requester VPC, and this would be acceptor VPC. Now why this, because, no one should be able to send or setup a peering connection between with your VPC, unless you grant that, right? And that's where this acceptor and requester concept is there. You should approve that request and then only the connection will establish. Okay, so steps are fairly simple, we'll create VPC in Mumbai region, and we will create a public subnet inside that VPC-A. And then we'll launch a public EC2 instance in VPC-A. We'll open port 22 because we want to connect that over SSH from my laptop and that's it about a setup in VPC-A. Similarly, we'll create a VPC-B in North Virginia with different CIDR range, and this time we'll create a private subnet in VPC-B. Then we'll launch a private EC2 instance, in VPC-B, and we will open maybe port 22 and ICMP traffic for the CIDR range of VPC-A. This is because, if you look at this diagram, this instance will be receiving traffic only from this VPC. So you can open those ports in security group for the CIDR range of VPC-A. And that's where you would have to open that in the security group. Now, once you do that, most important thing is to create a VPC peering connection. Now, as I said, one of the VPC will be requester and other one will be acceptor. So in this case, VPC-A will be acceptor and VPC-B will be... Sorry, VPC-A will be requester and VPC-B will be the acceptor VPC. Once you set up the VPC peering connection, you have to modify the routes in both route tables on both sides of the VPC peering connection. What that mean, here for the public subnet route table you need to modify the route table, and tell it that if the traffic is going to VPC-B, it has to flow through the VPC peering connection. And same here as well. The private subnet we route table should have that entry which says if the traffic is going to, or coming from VPC-A, it has to flow through the VPC peering connection. That is the most important thing and typically people forget about that, but remember that. And once this is done, we are good on the networking side of it and then we'll just log into EC2 instance A, and from there, we'll check the connectivity to B by doing maybe a SSH or pink. So I hope that it's clear and let's try to do that on our own. So I'm in Mumbai region, and I'm just going to create my VPC I will call it VPC-A and I will give some address range, 10.10.0.0/16 most of the things I'm keeping it as default. The next thing as you understand, we need to create internet gateway. So I'll just create internet gateway with similar name I'll call it a VPC-A-IGW. Now in your case, your UI might look different because AWs has changed the UIs, but ultimately steps are same. So I'm attaching internet gateway to my VPC, these are the steps we have always been doing nothing special about it. Next we want to create public subnet in VPC-A, select create that, let's select my VPC, VPC-A, and the subnet name is public subnet. Or give it a name so that we can identify it well. And the CIDR block, we can say 10.10.0.0/24 and AZ, we can select that AZ 1a. That's it, let's create a sub-net, also we create our own route table as you understand, that's better rather than using the main route table. So let's create a corresponding route table, and that's a public route table for VPC-A. Let's create that, and once we create a route table, we need to add a route for internet to make that subnet as public. So we'll say if the traffic is for the internet, it has to flow to the internet gateway, and then you have to save the routes. Next thing don't forget about this you have to associate this route table with your subnet. Otherwise it is by default not associated with any subnet. So we are just saving that. Now, if you look at this architecture that we just talked about, we are almost done here next thing we need to launch when you see EC2 instance in this VPC, so let's do that. So this is an EC2 for Mumbai region I'm just going to launch a default, Amazon Linux T2 micro instance. Now, this is the step where we select our VPC and we'll select a subnet make sure this EC2 has a public IP address, so enable this if you see that as disabled by default. And next, we are keeping most of the things as default. I'm adding a tag to my EC2 instance, as EC2-A and in the security group, I'll be creating a new security group, say for EC2-A and this will be just SSH from my IP address. That's it. Review and launch, and then I can select any SSH key pair that I have, and that's it. Okay, so my first VPC has been set up. You can see whatever is mentioned here, I have done that. Now let's set up another VPC in North Virginia region and create one private subnet and launch one private EC2 instance. So I'm in now not Virginia region I'm just going to create a new VPC here, now don't get confused the other VPC that you saw here, VPC-A, is not the one that we just created, let me delete it maybe to avoid the confusion. Okay, so there are no VPCs here, is just the default one. So let's create a new VPC, let's call it a VPC-B and address I said it should not be overlapping, with the Mumbai VPC. So I'm just using 10.20.0.0/16, and creating a VPC. Now here, I'm not really going to create internet gateway because I don't want to create public subnet. So I'm just going directly to the subnets and I'll be creating a private subnet this time in VPC-B and the subset name will be VPC-B private. I can select any AZ, I will give the address range 10.20.0.0/24, that should be good. And then creating a subnet. Next of course, it's creating a route table so I'm just doing that. I'll create a new route table, I will call it VPC-B, drive route table and creating that. Once you create a route table, of course you don't need to actually modify any routes because there is just one default route as of now. We want to just use as it is there is no public route to internet, because it's a private route table, but make sure you associate this route table with your subnets that you created, right? And that's what we are doing. Okay, so we are good with the networking setup next, we want to launch an instance in this VPC, so let's do that. I'm just launching one instance. Now this instance again is a private, there is no connectivity to the internet, so I'm gonna be selecting Amazon Linux and most of the settings, I'll be taking as default. Make sure you use the right VPC and there' just one subnet it will be populated automatically. I don't want to give public IP, even if I give, that does not make any sense because it's a private subnet. And then I'll go ahead and add the tag, I will call this instance as EC2-B and the security group, this is important because, you need to now look at this architecture and see what should be the security group of this instance B. As I said it should allow the traffic from VPC-A CIDR range. And as of now, what we want to allow is, 10.10.0.0/16 which is VPC-A, and I also want to allow ICMP for the same range, that's it. And launch this instance, and you're good with this setup. So it will take some time for instances to be launched, but I'm done with the network setup, next, what I'm to do is to actually create a peering connection between these two. Now, as of now, these instances are isolated, right? They're not instances, and we VPCs are isolated there is no connection between these two that means from instance A, you can never reach to instance B. Now let's try that and see if that's the case and that's obvious, but let's just look that. For this I need to get a private IP address of instance B, which is this, I need to now log into instance A and try to ping to this IP address and see if I can, reach to this two instance. I should not be because of course I don't have any connectivity as of now. So let's connect to instance A what a SSH. And then from there, let's try to connect to EC2 instance B, and without VPC peering, we'll see that we can't connect. So I'm just grabbing the public IP of EC2 instance A, I'm just going into my PuTTy and I will be loading my SSH key, and then I'll make sure that I can't connect to EC2 instance B from there. So that's it. And then let's look at the EC2-B private IP address and just let's try to ping. And of course I can't, because there is no network connectivity. So now the important part, let's try to create a VPC peering connection from VPC-A to VPC-B. So let's do that, let's create a peering connection and the name is VPC-A to VPC-B, the requester is my VPC-A, and the other VPC is in same AWS account. So I don't have to change that, but understand that when the other VPC is in your customer's account or someone else account, then you'd have to give that VPCs account ID, or account number. And similarly for the region now, the other VPC is in North Virginia, so I'm just selecting that. And then the VPC ID we need from the acceptor side. So I'm just getting the VPC ID from North Virginia VPC. So yeah, so this is a VPC and let's copy the VPC ID. That's it, I think that's what we wanted to do, and now the VPC connection is being set up. So this is pending acceptance, as I said, in another VPC, you have to accept that. So let's go to the North Virginia console, and now if you come here for the peering connection, it will show you that this is pending for acceptance, let's go there and accept the request. Okay, so bearing connection has been established, and it is in active state, you can see that. That means peering has been set up, but does that mean I can connect to instance B from instance A? So I'm just doing the ping again, still I cannot. And in instance, of course, the reason is because, even though I do have the connectivity, I haven't modified the routes on both the side of the VPC. So if you see our architecture again, we need to modify the public subnet route table here and the private subnet route table here and add the entry for peering connection. So let's do that. I'm into again, back to the Mumbai region, and let me go to the route table, which I have attached to a public subnet here. And there is a route we had created for internet, but this time let's add a route and say, if traffic is going to the VPC-B, then it has to go through the peering connection, which it populates automatically and save the routes. Does that solve the problem alone? It does not, because you have to do the same thing on the other side of the network. Now I'm into the VPC console of North Virginia, we had a subnet and then we had a route table which we had created, which is this. And it had just one local route which comes by default. Now I'm editing this and this time I'm saying if the traffic is going to, or coming from VPC-A, with this CIDR idea range, then it has to also go to the peering connection and it is here and save the routes. Now, our setup is ideally complete. Now, if you go here and just say ping, you can see traffic started flowing and that's complete our flow of VPC peering connection. So just look at the video again, if you got confused, what else are steps we followed, and why we did that, and then you should also be able to set up this peering connection. Now, after you tried this as an exercise, make sure you delete all the components they are EC2 machines and peering connection, which has a running cost so make sure you delete everything after your exercise. So I hope you are able to do that, and thank you.