-: Kubernetes has gained tremendous popularity the past decade, with it being called the Linux of the future. The AI revolution rides entirely on Kubernetes. Everything you touch today with ChatGPT or OpenAI ultimately runs on Kubernetes. Now, with the AI revolution happening, demand for Kubernetes is expected to explode in the coming years. As per a past survey conducted by Indeed, Kubernetes had the fastest growth in job searches, over 173% from a year before. And so it is important for us to be prepared to establish credibility and value in the market. Welcome to the Certified Kubernetes Application Developer exam prep course. My name is Mumshad Mannambeth, and I'll be your instructor for this course. (uplifting music) This course will guide you through the essential skills and knowledge needed to develop and manage applications on Kubernetes. The course starts with lectures that simplify Kubernetes development concepts through visuals and animations, followed by hands-on labs that bring these concepts to real life in a real Kubernetes environment. And our AI Assistant in labs acts as your personal guide, providing feedback, troubleshooting issues, and offering insights as you tackle each task. You'll also find quizzes and a supportive Discord channel for Q&amp;A and exam tips to keep you on track. So whether you're new to Kubernetes or need a refresher, we've got it covered with the foundational content and resources for Docker, Kubernetes, and even DevOps basics, if that's needed. Our course objectives are fully aligned with the Certified Kubernetes Application Developer exam curriculum, designed to equip you with skills needed for the exam as well as beyond. Our enhanced lab environments offer guided in-browser practice, so you'll tackle hands-on tasks with instant feedback to help you correct mistakes as you go. If you're stuck, hints and solutions are available to guide you through. So the course begins with core concepts reviewing Kubernetes architecture, pods, and essential configurations to refresh and reinforce foundational knowledge. And next, we dive into configuration. So that's mastering ConfigMaps, security context, resource requirements, secrets, and service accounts to manage app configurations securely and efficiently. The multi-container pods module covers multi-container patterns like ambassador, adapter, or sidecar, with examples to demonstrate each use case. We then cover probes, monitoring, logging, and debugging, key skills to keep applications healthy and resolve issues. And this includes setting up readiness and liveness probes for proactive monitoring. In workloads and scheduling, we explore labels, selectors, rolling updates, and rollbacks. We then dive into scheduling jobs and Cron Jobs for automated task management. The networking module covers services and network policies to manage connectivity and security within clusters. Finally, we cover persistent storage with persistent volumes and claims to ensure data durability across containers. Now, like the CKAD exam itself, this course is hands-on, and you'll learn how to quickly reference the Kubernetes documentation pages, which is an essential skill for the test. So as a CNCF Silver member and certified Kubernetes training partner, KodeKloud provides high-quality CNCF-endorsed content, so you can rest assured that you're in the expert hands. This certification is a big step in your Kubernetes journey, especially if you are on your way to become a Kubestronaut. And I can't wait to get started with you. Well, let's dive in and I'll see you in the first lecture. (ambient music) (animation clicking)