Hello and welcome to this lecture. In this lecture we will look at some of the details around the Certified Kubernetes Application Developer program, what it is, why you need it, and how to get started with it. There's no doubt about the fact that the adoption of Kubernetes is expected to grow exponentially in the coming years, as seen in the graph from Google Trends. And so it is important for us to be prepared to establish credibility and value in the market. The Kubernetes Application Developer certification, developed by the Cloud Native Computing Foundation in collaboration with the Linux Foundation, does just that. It helps you stand out in the crowd and allows companies to quickly hire high quality engineers like you. While attaining the certification, you will be certified to design and build cloud native applications for Kubernetes. You can read more about the certification at CNCF certification. You will find this link in the resources section after this lecture. The exam includes one free retake. This means that in case you don't manage to pass on the initial attempt, which I'm sure you will, you have one more attempt available for free within the next 12 months. The mode of delivery is online, which means you can deliver the exam anytime, anywhere at the comfort of your house. Since this is an online exam, an online proctor will be watching you at all times. There are a set of requirements that need to be met with respect to the environment, the room you are attending, the exam from, and the system you're using to give the test. Your network connectivity, etc.. All of these are described in detail in the Candidate Handbook available on the certification website. Unlike most of the certification exams out there, the Kubernetes certification is not a multiple choice exam. It is an online performance based exam that tests your hands on skills with the technology. This would mean that you don't have to worry about memorizing lots of different numbers in preparation for the exam. However, you need to know how the technology works and how you can get it to work. You will be given different tasks to complete in a set amount of time, which happens to be two hours for this exam as per the exam guidelines. As far as I'm concerned, this is the best way to test a person's skills on a particular technology. I'm not a big fan of multiple choice exams. You will, however, be able to refer to the Kubernetes official documentation pages at all times during the exam, and in this course we will walk through how to make best use of the documentation site so that you can easily locate the right information. Well, I wish you good luck in preparing for and delivering the Kubernetes certification exam, and I'm sure that with enough practice you will pass the exam with flying colors. So let us begin.