All right. Welcome back to the AWS Management console, where we are going to work on creating a CloudFront distribution that is going to front end all the objects inside of our Amazon S3 Deep-dive Bucket. So what we're going to do is we're going to go up to the top here. I'm going to find CloudFront service. There it is. So we're going to create a new CloudFront distribution and let's go through the options here. So our origin domain at the top, well, we already know that we want to serve up all the assets that live inside of our S3 bucket. So we're going to choose this and we're going to select our bucket name. You can see all the buckets in my account. We're going to select our Amazon S3 Deep-dive Bucket. Now we can optionally choose the path to append to the original domain name. We're going to leave that blank. We're going to create a name for this distribution. I'm just going to leave it as it is. We can choose the access for this distribution now. We can choose public, we can choose OAC and we can choose legacy OAC. What we're going to do is choose OAC in this case. Now what we need to do is select an access control, and this is going to configure how we want to set up access between CloudFront and our bucket. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to choose this Amazon S3 Deepdive If you want to see the settings that I configured, all it was is the default sign, all the requests, which is the recommended configuration and the origin type down here is going to be S3. All right. So I just created the same control setting there. So as we scroll down, notice right here, we have to set up our bucket policy. You must update the bucket policy and CloudFront will actually provide us with the policy statement after we finish creating this distribution and we'll simply be able to copy that and we'll go back to our bucket and add that to our bucket policy. Continuing on down, we can add a custom header, we can enable Origin Shield here. We're going to leave most of the defaults here, default caching behavior. Do we want to compress objects automatically? Now under viewer, we can choose the protocol. Do we want to allow both Http and Https requests to our data? Do we want to redirect http to Http requests or do we only want to support Https only? Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to select redirect Http to Https and knowing we're going to use the protocol https to secure our CloudFront distribution, there's going to be a certificate that's provided now allowed Http methods. Now earlier in the lecture we talked about that we can use CloudFront to not only get our objects from our bucket, but we can also use CloudFront to place objects, right? Upload objects into our bucket as well. If you want to do that, you would select this option right here, which includes both posts and put here right now, restrict viewer access. We're going to leave this as blank. We're not going to use CloudFront signed URLs or signed cookies for this continuing on cache key and origin requests. We're just going to leave the recommended configuration here. All right, Scroll down. Function associations. We're not going to do anything there. Now. Do we want to integrate with the WAF? Well, yes, we do. Right. We want to enable our security protections, additional security for our CloudFront distribution. Do we want to use monitor mode? So do we want to count how many requests would we have blocked or do we want to go ahead and actually block them? Right. If you disable it, it will actually block the requests. We want to leave that disabled. Now what we're going to do is continue on down under settings. Here's where we're going to choose where we want to distribute our content. Do we want to use all edge locations around the entire world right here? Now, if we have customers only in North America and Europe, we can select this option. So we'll go ahead and select that. Or we can choose North America, Europe, Asia, Middle East and Africa. Right? So select the one that's best for you. Now, under alternative domain name, this is where we can add our own personalized domain to our CloudFront distribution. So if you're creating this in production and you don't necessarily want people to see that cloudfront URL that we're going to use in a few minutes, you want to use your own domain name, Well, you can totally do that and you would do that right here. So for example, I own the domain called Crowson IO, so maybe we could do something like Amazon S3 dive dot Crowson, dot IO, and we can add that and we can use that to redirect to our CloudFront distribution down the road. Now, in this example, I'm not going to do that. However, if you're interested in all of this configuration, make sure you check out the static website hosting demo towards the bottom of this course where we're going to go through all of that. We're going to add a custom domain. We're going to set up Route 53, we're going to add a custom certificate to support that, and we'll be able to access directly with our custom URL. So I'm going to remove that for now. And of course, if you're using that, you would choose a certificate for your custom domain supported Http versions route object default. We're going to leave all this stuff as the default. All right, So I'm going to go down and click on Create distribution here. And notice at the top here, as it's creating our distribution in blue, it says our bucket policy needs to be updated. We mentioned that before. So what we can do is click on this button up here to copy policy and it's going to copy it to our clipboard. And while this is actually deploying right here, you can see last modified deploying, we can go back to S3 and go ahead and update our bucket policy. So I'm going to go to S3. And to go to our Amazon S3 Deep dive bucket. Go to permissions scroll down to bucket policy. We're going to edit that and we're simply going to paste in the policy that was provided to us by CloudFront. So if you look at this statement, it's basically saying we're going to allow CloudFront to communicate with our bucket for get object, right? Any object inside of our bucket. Only if somebody comes from this particular distribution. All right. So if they come from anywhere else, it's going to deny the request. So I'm going to go ahead and save changes here. And so now we have actually updated our bucket policy to allow only CloudFront to interact with our bucket. So let's go back to CloudFront here and it looks like we are still deploying our distribution. In my experience, this takes about five minutes to complete deploying here, right? So if we click on ID again, we can see deploying right here. Now inside of this distribution, you can see the Arn for our distribution here, right? But more importantly, we can see our domain name. Now, this is the domain name, the URL that we're going to use to access our objects through CloudFront. Okay. So whenever this finishes deploying, we're going to use this URL and then we're going to append the object name at the end of that in order to start accessing our objects that actually live in S3, Although we'll be going through the CloudFront service in order to access those. All right. So I'll go ahead and pause the video for a few minutes, wait for this to finish deploying, and then we'll go ahead and test it out and showcase how this all works. All right. So it looks like it finished out. Took about five minutes to complete that. So again, we're going to grab our domain name here. So I'm going to click on this little icon to copy it. I'm going to open up a new URL and I'm just going to type that in. Oh, we get an access denied because we can't actually list out our bucket. Well, we need to do is we need to go grab an object inside of our bucket and append it to that URL. So let's go back over to S3 here. We're going to go into our bucket. And let's just grab one of our objects. We've been using this avatar dot PNG. I'm going to go ahead and just copy that. Go back to our CloudFront distribution and at the end I'm going to do slash and add our avatar dot PNG and hit enter and check that out. We can actually view our objects inside of our bucket by going through our CloudFront URL. So if we wanted to do another one, I can go to book dot Jpeg, which was another one and that's actually the front cover of a book I published earlier this year. All right. So easy way to be able to use our CloudFront distribution in order to access all the objects inside of our Amazon S3 Deep-dive bucket. Again, now that we're using CloudFront, those objects are going to be cached at all of our edge locations. So now the next time another user goes and tries to access this image or our avatar image that we just saw, it's actually cached at an edge location and CloudFront does not have to go all the way back to the bucket to grab that image. It's already cached at the local edge location that I am using at my house, which is going to make it much faster for additional customers as they access our images. So hopefully that was useful to you. We went ahead and created a CloudFront distribution, tied that to our bucket, and then modified our bucket policy to permit our CloudFront distribution access to our bucket. And of course we just use our cloudfront URL to test access to our images.