So, now let's talk about AWS Audit Manager. So, it's a service that's used to assess risk and compliance of your AWS workloads. It's used to continuously audit IT services usage and prepare audits. You have prebuilt frameworks inside, such as the CIS AWS Foundation Benchmark v1.2 and 1.3, the GDPR, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, HIPAA, the PCI DS 4.0 standard. And this can come up in the exam. So, think Audit Manager if you see this. CIS Controls 7.1. And you can customize these existing pre-built frameworks or you can also create your own framework. You will then generate reports of compliance based on these frameworks alongside evidence folders. This also has a deep integration with Security Hub, Config, Control Tower, CloudTrail, and License Manager. And you can run and across multiple accounts via the integration with AWS Organizations. So, the idea is that you're going to select the framework, you're going to define the scope, and then Audit Manager will conduct automated evidence collection to make sure that you comply with the framework. You'll also be able to conduct control reviews or to delegate some of the things to resource owners to validate. Finally, in case you have issues of noncompliance, you can filter and group data to dive deep into causes of noncompliance. And finally, you can generate a report with links to the evidence. So, to summarize, you get multiple data sources into Audit Manager, such as CloudTrail, Config, Security Hub, License Manager. But there's also a feature that you should know about, which is the ability to manually upload other kind of evidence. So, you can manually upload policy documents, training transcripts, screenshots, architecture diagrams, any kind of PDFs, really. Also, you have an option to search the evidence through the Audit Manager Evidence Finder feature. So to summarize, here is the UI, what it looks like. So you choose a framework, and then the framework will tell you how many controls are automated and manual, how many control sets there are, how many control and control sources, and then you get some information around the controls of this framework. For example, the data source, if it's manual or if it comes from a service of AWS, and so on. Once you run an assessment, then you're going to get a report detail, and all the data is going to be in Amazon S3. It tells you how many evidence points it has, and then it tells you all the information you need to know to understand this assessment. So, that's it. It's really just for added purposes, but now you know the features around manual upload of information, the type of frameworks that it supports, where the data is at the end, and so on. All right, that's it. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.