So now let's talk about the AWS Resilience Hub. It's used to centrally manage and improve the resilience posture of your apps. So you're going to define resilience goals, then assess and implement the recommendations. So to define your app, it could be from a CloudFormation stack or resource groups or using Terraform or your EKS cluster. And you're going to set your targets, so you say, what is my RTO, my recovery time objective or my RPO my recovery point objective for my application. And then based on what you've provided, Resilience Hub is going to assess your app against the AWS Well-Architected Framework. And then finally is going to provide recommendations that are actionable using standard operating procedures. Now these procedures are a set of steps to recover your app in the event of an outage. It's also going to be able to give you a resilience drift detection to get notified when your application is no longer meeting its resilience policy. And you can test it because Resilience Hub is integrated with AWS fault injection service or FIS, you're going to be able to validate that the app recovers within the defined resilience targets. Finally, you also have an option to set up resilience app across multiple accounts through your organization and also set up delegated administrators. So to summarize, you're going to add the applications and then you're going to assess the application resilience by defining resilience policies and assessing the app. Then you're going to take action to implement recommendations, alarms, and standard operating procedures. Then you're going to test the app resilience by using tests using the AWS fault injection simulator service FIS. And then you're gonna be able to monitor the resilience posture and in case anything changes, there's a drift detection mechanism so that you get notified whenever changes are detected in the compliance status. So here is an example. You're going to define a sample app and then once you have defined it, you're going to see whether or not it's compliance, and if there is a compliance status of policy breach, you can have a look at the assessment report and view the recommendations. So when you look at the recommendations, for example, you can see that this RDS instance has a policy breached and it gives you two options to do, either to do option one or option two. Option one is to optimize for cost and optimize for minimal changes. And it gives you the seven changes that you should do to make sure that you are meeting the correct RTO and RPO you defined, or option two again gives you nine changes and this time is optimizing the availability zone eight RTO and RPO. So super nice because well, you can really assess your architectures, your applications, and get very concrete recommendations of the changes you need to do to make sure that you meet the resilience requirements you have. Alright, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.