Let's talk about a newer feature in EMR. EMR serverless works pretty much the same idea as EMR. The difference is that the intermediate step of defining just how much capacity we need is removed from us, so we can let EMR just decide for itself how many nodes it needs in the cluster to actually do what we want it to do automatically. So to use EMR serverless, we just start by choosing our EMR release and runtime spark, hive or Presto, just like we would before. And then we just submit queries and scripts to our EMR serverless instance via job run requests. So rather than, you know, logging into your master node directly, it's serverless. So you know, you just want to interact with it indirectly. You'll give it a path to some S3 thing somewhere that says, this is where my script is. It'll reference data from S3, and you just feed that script or that hive query into it from S3 to your serverless server, and it will automatically, in theory, figure out how much capacity you need to actually successfully run that job. So EMR will manage the underlying capacity for you. But if you want to think about the underlying capacity, you still can. And this might be a good idea in a lot of situations. So if you know that your job is requires a few resources, you can specify that up front. You can specify the default worker sizes up front. And you can also pre-initialize your capacity. So instead of starting from nothing, you can tell EMR serverless, hey, I think the base capacity I'm going to need is this many nodes that are this size and start from there. That will help you out. Otherwise it will try to compute it for you automatically. And even if you do start off with a base setting of a pre-initialized capacity, it will analyze the resources that are actually needed for your job and adjust that accordingly, and schedule workers as you need them and reschedule them as you don't need them. As of right now, it all works within the same region across multiple availability zones, of course, so your serverless cluster will be within one region. So why is this such a big deal? Well, you no longer have to figure out how many workers you need, right? So a really big pain point in things like Apache Spark is that if you guess too small, if you don't have enough resources for a job, you're going to end up running out of memory. Your job will just fail halfway through, and it can be a very time consuming and expensive process to figure out how much capacity I really need, because it's really not a very good way of figuring that out ahead of time. So EMR serverless is solving that problem. So that's actually kind of kind of impressive if you ask me. It will automatically provision the capacity you need for your job. So you don't have to worry about it, which is really a big deal. You can focus on the scripts and what you're trying to do, instead of figuring out how much capacity you need to do it. And like I said, it's not really serverless in the way of some other serverless servers where you really don't think about the servers at all. Um, under the hood, you're still using Spark or Hive or Presto, and those technologies kind of assume that you have some knowledge of what's going on at the worker node level or the driver level, right? So if you still want to configure spark down to that level, you're still going to have to think about the worker nodes and their capacities. The difference is you don't necessarily know how many of them you have, and you don't necessarily know where they are. How do I go about using EMR serverless? Well, you start off with an IAM user that you are going to be interacting with it from, and that will work with the aws CLI. So your user will invoke the CLI to create this serverless cluster. For now only the CLI is supported. I'm sure that will change pretty soon. I can't imagine that they wouldn't have console support and SDK support sometime in the future, but for now it's command line interface only. You then need to set up a job execution role in IAM for the job itself, and that makes sure that your job has permission to access Amazon AWS, EMR, serverless, as well as any permissions that it needs to access your scripts in S3. Any data that it needs to access in S3. If you're doing something with spark SQL, you might need access to glue for glue, metadata, stuff, or any KMS keys that you might need for any security that you've set up as well. With that in hand, you can then create an EMR serverless application using spark, hive, whatever you want, and then just feed it in your job through an EMR job request there. So you give it a link to your spark script, your hive query, whatever it is, might look like this. So here's an example of a command line to invoke an EMR serverless job. We're just saying AWS EMR serverless start job run passing in our application ID. The execution role that we talked about earlier with a path to that. And then under job driver this is where it gets interesting. We're saying under spark submit the entry point is this path to the script itself. We can pass in arguments to that entry point as well. If we want a parameter to where it should put its output, for example. And we can also override the spark submit parameters as well. So if you wanted to submit parameters to spark itself on the command line of spark submit, you can specify that here too. So again, you know, even though we're calling this serverless, I'm still thinking about here how big my executor cores are. How many? What are my driver cores look like? Things like that. So you still have that level of control here? Even if you're even if you're handing off the actual capacity and the amount of nodes off to EMR. Serverless. Also, you can send configuration overrides that are specific to EMR. Serverless. In this example here, we're saying that we want to output our CloudWatch logs to this path in S3. When we're done, we get our output in our logs wherever we said to put them. And that's it. You just shut it down when you're done and it's just like EMR. Let's talk about the lifecycle of an EMR serverless application real quick here. So you start off by explicitly creating your application through a command currently from the CLI. If that succeeds then great you created your application. If not, it will automatically terminate. From that point you have a new application sitting there that you've created. You might choose to terminate it right away. That's an option. I'm not sure why you would do that, but normally you would proceed to issue a start command to start your application and that will kick it off and actually run it. Once it started, it will either succeed and then move to the stopping phase when you're done, or it will fail and move to the stopping phase automatically. Once it is successfully stopped, you can either run it again, go back to start, or go to the terminated phase and shut it down when you're done. Now I want to stress that this is not all happening automatically. I need to call commands through the API such as create application, start application, stop application and when I'm done, delete application to make this all happen. So I've had students contact me saying, hey, you know, you use EMR and a lot of your courses and you're always warning us to remember to shut down your cluster when you're done so you don't get charged for them unexpectedly. Should I just use EMR serverless so I don't have to think about it? No, that does not solve the problem. It helps because you will automatically, you know, not be using any more capacity than you need, but you still need to explicitly delete your application when you're done with it. If you forget to do that, you will still be billed for that serverless application, even if it's sitting there doing nothing. Okay, so don't think that EMR serverless is an excuse to get lazy in managing your resources. You still need to think about explicitly starting and stopping and terminating that cluster when you're done. EMR serverless just means that it's thinking about the capacity instead of you, but you still need to manage that capacity to some extent yourself. Let's talk a little bit more depth about Pre-initialized capacity on EMR serverless. So here's an example off to the right here of what that might look like from the command line. You see here we have a initial capacity block here that we didn't have before. We're saying that we want to start off with five drivers with a specific resource configuration of a CPU type, and the the memory that each one has available to it. Also, for the executor nodes, we're saying we want 50 of them to start with with four vCPUs apiece and eight gigabytes per executor as well. So, you know, this lets us say how many processes do I want to power my application. It's still EMR serverless job to figure out where those processes are running and the capacity needed to actually make it happen. But you can give it a hint like this to say, hey, I know this is a pretty demanding job. I want to start with 50 executors, go figure out how to make that happen. But just to make things go more smoothly and make sure that I have enough capacity out of the gate, I want you to start from this point. There's also a maximum capacity argument being sent here as well. I want to say that I don't want to use any more than 400 virtual CPUs and no more than one terabyte of memory, so that's a pretty good safeguard to have in place in case you do something silly that just wants to use infinite resources, that will be a little bit of a safety net for you there. One note from the documentation, and this does look like the kind of thing that I could imagine seeing on the exam at some point. Uh, remember that spark adds a 10% overhead to any memory requested for drivers and executors. So make sure your initial capacity request takes that into account. Make sure you're requesting at least 10% more memory than your job is actually requesting. Some notes on security. With EMR serverless. It's pretty much the same thing as EMR for storage. If you're using EMR, EFS under the hood, that's S3. So you know, server side or client side encryption on S3 at rest is going to be there for you for In-transit. TLS will be there for you between the EMR nodes and S3. If you're writing directly to S3, obviously all the security that comes with S3 is available to you, as well as the S3, SSD, KMS, whatever you want to use for any ephemeral storage on the local disks of your nodes. Those are encrypted as well and in transit. Any communication between the driver nodes and executors is also encrypted automatically. If you're using hive, and a communication between the glue. Metastore and EMR is also encrypted in transit using TLS. And a quick note from the documentation here I wanted to pass along. Remember that if you are using S3, you can force Https on in transit traffic to S3 using the AWS Secure Transport Policy. Another serverless approach to EMR is EMR on EKS that's Elastic Kubernetes Service. So if your world is built around Kubernetes and that is true for many people these days, this is a way to use EMR and spark in particular within EKS, within Amazon EKS. So this allows you to submit a spark job on Elastic Kubernetes Service without having to worry about provisioning the clusters for it. So this gives you all the benefits of Kubernetes as opposed to just having a standalone EMR cluster. And also it gives you the benefits of all the fully managed aspects of EMR. Right? So you don't have to deal with setting up your own spark application within EKS. This automates all of it for you. So it's a fully managed solution for elastic, MapReduce and spark in particular on top of your ECS world. The advantage of doing this is that you can share resources between spark and other applications that you might have running in Kubernetes. So this diagram to the right kind of speaks to that. We have EMR on EKS at the top here going through X, and you can see how a spark application is just one of maybe many things you're doing on that X cluster, right? So you can have other applications doing totally different stuff. Maybe an analytics application. You might even have different versions of spark running alongside everything else. And through the magic of Kubernetes, we can share those resources more efficiently. So this may be a better way of making use of the hardware that you have and ultimately saving money. And you know, we also see that it has all these integrations with other Amazon services at the bottom there as well, spread out potentially between multiple availability zones. Again, you don't have to worry about that too much. With just a few clicks in the console, you can choose the Apache Spark version that you want. Deploy an EMR workload to Amazon EKS. EMR will automatically package that workload into a container and provide these pre-built connectors for integrating with these other AWS services. EMR will then deploy the container on the EKS cluster, and it will manage all the scaling and logging and monitoring of that workload for you. Ethan.