All right. So for this activity we're going to recreate Wikipedia if you will, using a little subset of data that we took from the real Wikipedia. But instead of being all trendy and using some deep neural network to power search, we're going to do it the old fashioned way with term frequency, inverse document frequency instead. And to make it more relevant to this course, we're going to build that on elastic MapReduce using Apache Spark running on EMR workspaces, which in turn has an EMR notebook all running in an EMR studio instance. So let's get started. I've already signed in to my AWS console here. And a little note here. Do not do this under your root account if you can help it. I did run into a bug with EMR studio that seems specific to root accounts, so assuming that's still there, better to log in with a specific IAM user if you can. Instead go on to your console home and go to EMR if you haven't been there before. So let's go ahead and use EMR to spin up a little notebook instance we can use in order to play around with PySpark and actually implement Tfidf TF-IDF. Using some little sample of some real Wikipedia data. Now this used to be a lot harder. It used to be that you had to open up a tunnel to look at a notebook that was running directly on your EMR server, on a cluster somewhere. These days it's a lot easier. You can just go to EMR studio here and let's go to studios and hit Create Studio, and you can see that it has this pre-populated thing for an interactive workload. Well, that's what we want. We want to interactively work with PySpark in a notebook environment. So these default settings are going to be fine. And furthermore it's going to be using an EMR serverless application. So we don't even have to worry about setting up an EMR cluster ourselves either. It's all serverless now, so that makes life a whole lot simpler. Now, do make sure that you're logged in as an IAM user and not as your root account. When you're doing this, there's a lot of trickery it has to do under the hood to make sure that your user has the appropriate permissions in IAM to actually run that serverless application properly, and it can't do that if you're the root user. So if you are signed in as a root user. Sign out. Create an IAM user if you have to and log in using that IAM user instead. All right. So let's go ahead and create a studio and launch workspace. It's just that simple. Well let's change something here right. Just to do something make ourselves feel a little bit productive. Let's at least change the name. So the studio name by default is studio underscore one. Let's call that something else. Like, I don't know, tf IDF. Now in the real world, this is going to be some sort of a shared environment used by your organization or by your team. So in a practical sense, this is probably going to be a name that's more associated with your work group. You know, the people that you're working with, the the organization that's going to be using this studio together. Remember, EMR studio has collaboration features so multiple people can work on it at the same time. So that might not be the best name in the real world, but for what we're doing, just a little toy example using tf IDF, that makes sense. Now we're going to go ahead and let it create its own S3 bucket for storage. We're going to let it create its own service role as well. That saves us a whole lot of time. Instead of mucking about with IAM. And we're also going to set up a workspace setting here, so let's go to change that as well. We'll call that Tfidf as well, just for lack of a better idea. The workspace is basically the new name for the notebook itself. So this is going to be encompassing the environment that your actual Jupyter notebook is running on. And that is going to attach itself to the EMR serverless application. Right. So it's kind of this hierarchy going on, right. So at the bottom we have an EMR serverless application that's actually doing the work of running our code and running spark above that. That's wrapped by a workspace that contains a notebook to let us interact with that serverless application on EMR. And above that we have a Visual Studio that includes this workspace. So not much to change here. I'm just going to stick with the default application name. And you can't actually change these. So we're just going to leave them as they are. It's serverless. So it has pre-initialized capacity. But it does have the capability in theory to grow as needed and expand its capabilities. Now if you did want to have more control, there is a custom option here when you create the studio, and that will give you finer control over the exact IAM permissions you want to use, the exact S3 buckets you want to use. You can even create your own EC2 cluster from scratch if you don't want to use EMR serverless. So that's there as well. But again, that's a lot of work you don't need to deal with right now, and you don't need that for the exam for sure. It's just the concepts here. Let's go ahead and create that studio and launch a workspace. Shouldn't take too long. And so now the workspace is launching for this studio instance. And that's going to be encompassing our notebook. So we're just going to wait for that to open up in a new browser tab us. Again that shouldn't take too long. Here we go. And what we're going to do is upload the notebook that I already gave you. Now you could just hit PySpark here and go to town and start writing stuff from scratch. But I'm not going to make you do that because again, the exam does not expect you to actually write code. So let's just hit this little upload files button here and navigate to your course materials. You should find a tfidf dot ipynb file. Let's go ahead and upload that and we will overwrite the default one that came with this workspace. And now we should be able to double click that and open it up. All right. So you can see that we have the PySpark kernel selected here but no clusters attached yet. That's because it's still in the process of spinning up up that EMR serverless instance. So we're gonna have to give that a little bit of time. You can see that it's now in the status of attaching that serverless interactive app. And that went pretty quickly. Now once it's to select a kernel now we're going to be using PySpark because that's what this notebook was written in to allow us to do spark and not just Python. So let's select PySpark. And you can see that it's back in the process of still attaching that. We can't actually use this notebook until it's done. So we're just going to wait a little bit for that to finish. Again it shouldn't take too long. And it says it's attached. Very cool. And PySpark. So we should be good to go. Now one thing we have to take care of is making sure that our workspace here can actually get to our data, so we need to put that into an S3 bucket that we have permissions to access. Now, because we didn't go to the trouble of creating a custom configuration for this workspace, we didn't set up explicit permissions to a specific S3 bucket. So to make life easier, I'm just going to throw that data into the bucket that it automatically created as part of the quickstart there. So to find out where that bucket is, you need to go back to EMR studio, select the studio we just created and then click on Workplace Storage. And that is the place it has access to. If you did want to add another bucket there that you want to put stuff in or get grant access to, then you'd have to go through all the stuff of making sure that your VPC can access the external internet to hit S3, make sure that your IAM permissions have the right permissions to access that bucket, and so on and so forth. But again, we're going to cheat and make things easier by just using the bucket that we know works. So here we are in our bucket. And we just hit upload and we'll go to Add files. And if you just go to your course materials you should find the subset small dot TSV file. We'll go ahead and upload that. There it is. Let's go ahead and click on that. And from there we can copy the URI that we need to access from within our script. So let's go ahead and copy that back to our notebook. And we're just going to replace this string here with the one that you just copied. All right let's go ahead and restart this kernel just to clear out all this other stuff from when I ran it originally. To do that, I'm going to go to kernel and say restart kernel and clear all outputs and restart. And that might take a moment. You can see down at the bottom it says restarting. Give it a little bit of time to finish. This also has a nice little side effect of kind of forcing the serverless application to do what it needs to do to get spun up. Honestly, this can be a little bit, uh, a little bit finicky sometimes. I found a couple of troubleshooting steps, so if you've run into some trouble so far, if you did get some permission errors that popped up again, that's probably because you're running as the root user and not as an IAM user. It cannot automatically attach the permissions you need to your user account if you're the root user. So make sure that you're running this as an IAM user. And sometimes this just plain doesn't work. You know, I've run into a lot of instances where I start to run this code and it says it's running, but nothing at all happens. I get no feedback whatsoever. It just immediately terminates. And it seems to be that spinning up, that serverless cluster is just a little bit flaky sometimes, you know, sometimes you just have to try it a few times until you get an instance that actually works. I could, you know, editorialize a little bit about the reliability of AWS these days, but I'll spare you that, you know, sometimes you just have to try it a few times and get an instance that works. All right. It looks like this, uh, kernel finally restarted. That took kind of a surprising amount of time. Let's make sure it actually works. So we're going to start off by just reading in some raw data from Wikipedia, we have this subset small TSV file that I've already loaded into S3 for you in a publicly available bucket, to save you the trouble of uploading that data and finding where it comes from. So all we're going to do is read that in using spark, and then call show on the resulting data frame to see what's in there. So let's shift enter to run that first block. And it looks like it's working so far. That's a good sign. Execution started starting the spark application. First time you do this it might take a minute or so to spin up. So we'll just give that a little bit of time to run again. If you're not seeing that though, if there's no output whatsoever you might have got a bad serverless cluster. So go ahead and start over until you get one that does work. Unfortunately, I don't have better advice there. Anyway, this one is working, so let's just wait for that to finish. Go ahead and load up that data and it's done. Very cool. All right we're back. That didn't take too long, but pretty cool huh? So we actually loaded up that data set. And here is what it looks like. You can see that we don't have any column names. So that's the first problem we're going to have to address. Say what these are. But obviously these are some sort of identifiers and some sort of article title. So apparently this data set starts with anarchism and then autism and albedo and goes through the A's and then the date of the article and the text of the article itself. So pretty interesting data set here. Show the top 20 rows there. First thing we need to do is give those columns a name so we can refer to them more intuitively. So we're going to go ahead and load up that raw data that we just loaded up from the CSV file, and load that up into a spark data frame. And do that with the specific column names of ID, title, time and document. And go ahead and show the results of that. So again I'll shift enter to run that. And now that we've loaded up spark already, that runs much more quickly. And you can see we have the same data here but with human readable column names. All right. That's progress. So now we need to clean our data out. So first let's explore it shall we. Exploratory data analysis a bit here. We know that Tfidf cannot handle null documents. So let's first make sure that we don't have any null documents. The syntax for spark is just to call the filter command here on the operator is null on the document field, and we want to count up how many they are. So at a high level what this line is doing is saying count up how many documents have null values in the articles data frame. And the answer is go, spark, go. It's one. There's actually one null document. So it's a good thing we checked. We have to get rid of that. Now if you were to dig into that I'm not going to do that right now because I'm conscious of your time. But it is a corrupt record. So we're just going to drop it. You know, there is this whole problem of how do you deal with missing data in data analysis. But when you're talking about one row probably makes sense just to drop it. So we're going to go ahead and run a filter for just documents that are not null, and then count up how many are null, just to double check that there aren't any left after that operation and make sure that the is not null. Operator did what we wanted and only gave us back a new data frame called cleaned articles that contains not null documents. Let's kick that off. And it returns zero, indicating that our new cleaned article's data frame has no null documents. Good. That's progress. Now, the thing we need to deal with next is the TF-IDF model itself requires numbers, not words. So it needs us to tokenize all of the words in these articles into numerical representations. Basically, we need to come up with some sort of a mapping of each unique word in our data set that maps to some unique number. So we need to do that before we can actually run any fun algorithms on it. So we're going to go ahead and tokenize these articles to split them up into words. And then we'll store them into a sparse vector that is a numeric representation of the words in each article. So again, I'm not going to dig into the code too much here. But basically we're going to make use of something called a tokenizer and a hashing TF from the PySpark machine learning library to take care of that for us. So we'll first tokenize our data, which again just figures out what words are unique, what's the list of unique words. And then we'll call this hashing function to associate those unique words with numerical hashing values, and we'll show what we end up with again, just hitting shift. Enter in each column here and each cell here as we go. Go, spark. Go! All right. There we have it. So you can see here that for each document ID we have a list of words. And followed by the numerical representations of those words. So very cool. Looks like it worked. Now it also basically computed term frequencies for us by also adding up how often each hashed word occurs in each article. So without digging too much into the structure that it gave us back here, that information does include the term frequencies for each article. However, we want tf IDF scores for each term in every document, so we're only halfway there, but it's not hard to do. We also have an IDF thing that we can use from the Python, from the Spark Machine learning library that will do that part of it as well. So we're going to go ahead here and create an IDF model here and take in those raw features from above and create a new features column in the end that contains those tf IDF scores for each individual feature. Let's go ahead and kick that off. And we'll show the results. All right. So now we have a features column as well as a raw features column that contains not just the TF but also the tf IDF scores. So let's use that information to actually do sort of a search. So let's say we want to search for the term Gettysburg. Well this is a little bit harder than you would think it would be in spark. But this is one way to do it. So again we need to use numbers not words. So I can't just say search for Gettysburg. First I need to figure out what is the hash value for Gettysburg in that same structure that we had above. So I need to figure out what's the hash value from the model that I used above to compute these scores for the actual term Gettysburg. So that's what this huge block of code does. Basically, it's saying I want to create a data frame that just contains the word Gettysburg, just that one feature. And I'm going to go ahead and use that same hashing TF transform on it to transform that and then collect back the actual hash value associated with that term. So by running all this big chunk of code, we should get a number. And that number is 116,775. So apparently that's the magic number that represents Gettysburg. Again I want to stress that understanding the code of spark is not relevant for the exam. That's why I'm kind of glossing over that there. I don't want to clutter your brain with stuff you don't need. But the important thing here is that we do have a a hash value for Gettysburg. And now all we need to do is extract the TF-IDF value for Gettysburg for each document. So previously we extracted the scores for every term in every document. All we care about though is Gettysburg. So let's go ahead and extract that using this UDF function on our data frame to suck that out, basically, and create a new data frame that's only about Gettysburg TF-IDF scores. Kick that off. And now we have our new data frame. That's just the TF-IDF scores for Gettysburg. Now if you run into an error, just try it a few more times. If you're just running on a single extra large instance, that's kind of borderline enough resources for what we're doing here. So sometimes that will fail and you just have to try again. Spark can be a little bit non-deterministic that way, but we're almost there now. We have all of our documents here with the score for Gettysburg associated with it. All we need to do now is sort them by the score for Gettysburg, and we can already see Abraham Lincoln sticking out there already. Right. So let's go ahead and order that by that score for Gettysburg and print out the results. And we'll truncate that to 100 characters per column just to make sure we can read it. Here we have it. So for the search term Gettysburg, we got back articles about Abraham Lincoln, Abner Doubleday, who was a Civil War person, the American Civil War itself, the city of Austin, Texas. And then we start to get a little bit sketchy and we get the result of Assyria. But the top results definitely make sense. So TF-IDF seemed to have worked. But what's really cool is that we did this from scratch, right? So we just took a raw set of data from Wikipedia. We created our own TF-IDF model. After cleaning that data and creating a model for it, and we applied that model to actually do sort of a quasi search here for a term and get back meaningful results. All on EMR using an EMR workspace within it, running an EMR notebook, running PySpark within an EMR studio instance that is backed by an EMR cluster. So very cool. We did it. Let's clean up our mess though. So let's go ahead and close out of this and go back to EMR studio. Now there are quite a few resources here that we need to get rid of to make sure that we're not going to get any surprise charges on our bill. And, you know, honestly, AWS is getting pretty sneaky about this stuff lately. They make it a little bit too easy to leave stuff running that you're not using. And in the case of things like SageMaker studio, you could find yourself with $1,000 bill at the end of the month if you're not careful. Um, so let's be paranoid. Let's start by going to the underlying EMR serverless application we created for this workspace. And we're going to find that under Manage Applications. And there's the interactive serverless app that we were using there. Let's go ahead and delete that. So I'm just going to say stop the application. Wait for that to stop. Can't delete it till it's done. And now that it is stopped we're going to go ahead and delete that permanently. All right. Next we need to delete the workspace that was using that serverless application. There it is under the workspaces section. We'll go ahead and select that and say delete confirm. And that is deleting. And now finally we can go back to our studio itself. We got kicked into a different UI here that doesn't show that to you. So you have to go back to the main EMR screen here and go back to studios. There's that studio. Select that and delete it as well. All right. Now there's still some leftover stuff in S3 and also an IAM role you might want to get rid of just to clean things up. But that's not going to cost you really anything. So I'm not going to go into that too much. But just be sure to clean up your mess here with the studio itself and the underlying workspace and EMR serverless app, to make sure that you don't get any surprises on your bill at the end of the month. And there you have it. We've used EMR studio to go ahead and create a interactive notebook that we use to actually implement Tfidf, and did a little Wikipedia search from scratch, so very cool.