Yet another problem in the world of feature engineering is dealing with outliers in your data set. How do you handle them? Do you handle them? How do you identify them? So before we talk about outliers, we need a little bit of a mathematical background here. Don't worry it's not hard. So let's start with the concept of variance. How do you measure variance. Well we usually refer to it as sigma squared. And you'll find out why it's called that momentarily. But for now just know that variance is the average of the squared differences from the mean. So to compute the variance of a data set you first figure out the mean of it. So let's say I have some data. It could represent anything. Let's say the maximum number of people that were standing in line for a given hour or something. And the first hour I observed one person standing in line, then four, then five, then four, then eight. Okay. So the first step in computing the variance is to find the mean the average of that data. I just add them all together, divide it by the number of data points. And that comes out to 4.4. In this case, as the average number of people standing in line. Now the next step is to find the differences from the mean for each data point. So I know the mean is 4.4. So for my first data .4.4 and I have a one for that data point. So one -4.4 is -3.44, -4.4 is -0.4. And so on and so forth. So I end up with these both positive and negative numbers that represent the variance from the mean for each data point. Okay. But what I want is a single number that represents the variance of this entire data set. So the next thing I'll do is find the squared differences. So we just go through each one of these raw differences from the mean and square them. This is for a couple of different reasons. First of all I want to make sure that negative variances count just as much as positive variances. Otherwise they'd all just cancel each other out and that would be bad. I also want to give more weight to the outliers. So this amplifies the effect of things that are very different from the mean, all while still making sure that negative and positive variances are compared comparably. Because the square of a negative is a positive right you always end up with a positive value when you square something. So let's look at what happens when I do this. So -3.4 squared. That's positive 11.6. -0.4 squared is a much smaller number 0.16. Because that's much closer to the mean of 4.4.6 is also close to the mean only 0.36 there. But as we get up to the positive outlier 3.6, that ends up being 12.96. And to find the actual variance value, we just take the average of all those squared differences from the mean, add up all those squared variances, divide it by five the number of values that we have, and we end up with a total variance of 5.04. That's all variance is. Let's move on to standard deviation. Typically we talk about standard deviation more so than variance. And it turns out that standard deviation is just the square root of the variance. So I had a variance of 5.04. The standard deviation is 2.24. So you see now why we call a variance sigma squared. Because sigma itself represents the standard deviation. So if I take the square root of sigma squared I get sigma. And it ends up in this example to be 2.24. Now this is a histogram of the actual data we were looking at. We see that the number four occurred twice in our data set. And then we had 1115 and one eight. Now the standard deviation is usually used as a way to think about how to identify outliers in your data set. So if I'm within one standard deviation of the mean of 4.4, that's considered to be kind of a typical value in a normal distribution. But you can see in this example the numbers one and eight actually lie outside of that range. So if I take 4.4 plus or -2.24, we end up around there and there and 1 in 8 both fall outside of that range of standard deviation. So we can say mathematically that one and eight are outliers. We don't have to guess and eyeball it. We can put a mathematical basis to that. Now there is still sort of a judgment call as to what you consider an outlier in terms of how many standard deviations it's away from the mean by. So you can generally talk about how much of an outlier a data point is by how many standard deviations from the mean it is. So that's something you'll see standard deviation used for in the real world, and you might define your outliers as being one standard deviation away from the mean, or two standard deviations away from the mean. That's kind of the judgment call that you need to make as you're doing your feature engineering. So sometimes it's appropriate to remove those outliers once you've identified them. And sometimes it isn't. Make sure you make that decision responsibly. So for example, if I'm doing collaborative filtering and I'm trying to make movie recommendations or something like that, you might have a few power users that have watched every movie ever made and rated every movie ever made. They could end up having an inordinate influence on the recommendations for everybody else, and you usually don't want a handful of people to have that much power in your machine learning model. So that might be an example where it would be a legitimate thing to filter out an outlier and identify them by how many ratings they've actually put into the system. Or maybe an outlier would be someone who doesn't have enough ratings, or you might be looking at web log data, where an outlier could be telling you that there's something very wrong with your data to begin with. It could be malicious traffic, or it could be bots or other agents that should be discarded that don't represent actual human beings that you're trying to model. But if someone really wanted the mean average income in the United States and not the median, they specifically want the mean. And you shouldn't just throw out the billionaires in your country because you don't like them. The fact is, there are billions of dollars are going to push that mean amount up, even if it doesn't budge the median. So don't fudge your numbers by throwing out outliers, but throw out outliers if it's not consistent with what you're trying to model in the first place. A3. So how do we identify outliers? Well, remember our old friend standard deviation. We covered that a few slides ago. It's a very useful tool for detecting outliers. And it's extremely principled to find the standard deviation of a data set. And if you see a data point that's outside 1 or 2 standard deviations, then you have an outlier. Remember the box and whisker diagrams that we talked about earlier too. Now those have a built in way of detecting and visualizing outliers. And those define outliers as lying outside 1.5 the interquartile range. So what multiple do you choose. Well you kind of have to use common sense here. There's no hard and fast rule as to what is an outlier. You have to look at your data, kind of eyeball it, look at the distribution, look at the histogram, see if there's actual things that stick out to you as obvious outliers and understand what they are before you just throw them away. Also, in the context of AWS. AWS has an outlier algorithm of its own called Random Cut Forest, and it's creeping up into more and more of their services. You can find random cut forests within QuickSight, Kinesis Analytics, SageMaker, and more. So if you're talking about outliers and outlier detection, Amazon seems really, really proud of their random cut forest algorithms. So there's a good chance that that's what they're looking for in the exam. If they mention random cut forest in the context of outlier detection. Let's look at an example here of income inequality. So let's say that we're modeling income distributions. We're just looking at how much money each people makes each each year. And we're trying to like understand what that means about the data set as a whole. So in this simple example here again you're not going to be given Python code in the exam. But this is just to make it real for you guys. We've set up a normal distribution here of income centered around $27,000. And we've appended in a single billionaire and plotted the histogram of that. And as you can see, that that one billionaire really screwed up our distribution. So all of the people, all those normal people, all the non billionaires have been squished together into one little line off on the left there. And our billionaire, that one little data point you can't even see has skewed our data massively. And if we were to take the median the mean of this we'd get a really wacky number. So a very simple outlier detection function here has been written. All it does is compute the median of the entire data set, computes the standard deviation, and if anything lies outside of two standard deviations, it throws it out. And if we call this reject outliers function and then plot the histogram, we get much more meaningful data by rejecting that outlier. So and now we have a more meaningful mean as well. That's closer to the $27,000 that we started with. So that's an example of where you want to think about where your outliers are coming from. Is it really appropriate to throw away that billionaire or not? What effect does that really having on the business outcome that you're trying to achieve at the end of the day?