Let's go into a little bit more detail about how you will prepare your data, train your model, and deploy your model under SageMaker for data preparation. Usually your data will come from S3. FSX for lustre is also an option, depending on the scale that you're dealing with, and the ideal format of that data will vary based on the algorithm that you're using. So there's a lot of built in machine learning algorithms with SageMaker you can choose from, and each one of those will have their own recommendations for the ideal format of data to be fed into it for the best performance. Often it's something like record IO or protobuf, maybe some sort of a columnar data store that might be more efficient for processing that data. For training a model, you can also ingest data from Amazon Athena, which is one of their database products, elastic MapReduce, which is a distributed processing framework. Redshift, which is our data warehouse solution, or Amazon Key Spaces database as well. It's another possibility. Among others, you can also integrate SageMaker with Apache Spark, which is another distributed data processing system that is not specific to AWS, but it's widely used throughout the industry. So if you want to use Apache Spark for your data processing, you can that does integrate with SageMaker as well and all of the popular data science and data analytics libraries for Python are available to you for data preparation on SageMaker as well. Scikit learn, numpy, and pandas are all there at your disposal within SageMaker notebooks if you want to do it there. Conceptually, processing is pretty simple. You just copy data in from S3 that's been prepared in some manner to be amenable to what you're trying to do, and then you spin up a processing container that can either be your own code or it could be something built into SageMaker. So if you don't want to roll your own code and make your own container for the processing code, you can just use the built in algorithm as well. So there are built in processing containers out there that you can just choose from from SageMaker. Once it's done processing your data, that output will be processed and stored into another S3 bucket that you specify, which in turn will be passed on to training. When you are training, all you need to do is create a training job under SageMaker as an input that will take the URL of that S3 bucket that we just produced that contains the processed training data. You will assign various compute resources for that. Machine learning training and training can be expensive and require pretty hefty hardware. So this is where things can get a little bit pricey, but you get to choose what kind of hardware you want to use and how much of it. Different algorithms have different capabilities in terms of scalability, so some do best with a single computer, some will do best with multiple instance types, and they all have their own recommendations about what kind of instance type to use. And then you will have an S3 bucket for the output, the actual model artifacts of that training that that's where the train model gets stored. And you will also need to provide an ECR. That's that's Elastic Container Registry path to where your training code lives. So again, everything is sort of container based here we had a container for the data processing. Also a container for the training code all under ECR. Once you have that all set up, like I said, you can use any one of a number of built in training algorithms or roll your own sparks machine learning library is also available for you to if you want to stick with spark. Or you can roll your own Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet code, whatever you want. Or if you're not doing deep learning, you can also use scikit learn or RL estimator if you want to do a reinforcement learning. Also, algorithms like XGBoost. Hugging face is an option here as well, so that's a big repository of models out there, including a lot of the latest and greatest open source generative AI models and large language models and small language models. Chainer is also something you could use there. You can always just provide your own Docker image that does anything you want as well. Whatever you can dream up, you can still use SageMaker to make that part of your larger pipeline, and there are algorithms available for purchase from the AWS marketplace as well. Once you've trained your model, you need to deploy it and actually put it into production. That model will be saved to S3 in a bucket somewhere. And there's a couple of options for deployment. There's runtime, so I can actually make a persistent endpoint for making real time predictions on demand out there, and scale that out as much as I need to. But if you don't need real time predictions, maybe you just need to make predictions in a batch manner where you have a big group of data coming in and you just need to get a big batch of predictions coming out all at once. In that case, you could use SageMaker batch transform to just get predictions all at once for an entire data set without having a runtime endpoint at all. And there's lots of options there surrounding deployment, and we'll get into some of these in a little bit more depth. Inference pipelines can be used for orchestrating more complex processing. You might need SageMaker neo can be used for deploying your trained models to edge devices. So if you need to use your model someplace that might not have reliable internet connectivity or connectivity to the cloud, it's possible to deploy that to the edge device itself. Or if maybe you can't tolerate the latency involved in going to the cloud. There's also something called elastic inference that can be used to accelerate your deployed models. You just kind of slap it on top there and it makes it faster. There are automatic scaling features in SageMaker that can automatically increase the number of endpoints as needed. So if you get an increase in traffic, it can automatically add capacity to your inference model there. There's also something called shadow testing, and there are more features around this as well that we'll get into in a bit. But there are ways to evaluate new models against your currently deployed models to try and catch errors. So again, an important part of operations is the ability to test your deployments and the ability to quickly roll them back if something unexpected happens So SageMaker does have a lot of features that allow you to deploy newly trained models in a controlled manner and roll things back if they're not performing as expected.