The exam expects you to have a fair amount of depth on how Clarifai works. So let's go into a little bit more information here on what it gives you. One thing you can produce with SageMaker clarify is something called a partial dependence plot, or PDP for short. And the idea of a PDP is to show the dependence of predicted target response on the set of input features. What does that mean? Let's look at this example on the right here. So we have a set of feature values on the bottom here. So what we've done is bucketed these values up. So each one of these dots represents some range of values just like you would do in a histogram. Right. And on the y axis we're seeing model prediction values. So we're seeing the effect that a given feature in this case age has on the model predictions. And that will tell you just how much of an influence that particular feature might have on the model and what it's predicting and, and how that might change across different values of that feature. So in this particular example, you can state that for the age, once you get above the age of 50, for whatever reason, the model predictions remain the same, which is kind of interesting. That might imply that age is somehow very important to the predictions. This model makes. And somehow there's a tipping point at age 50. Very interesting. That might alert you to some sort of issue with your data. Actually, maybe you just don't have enough data points above the age of 50 and your training data, and that might point you to a imbalance in your training data, which is the whole point of clarifai. Right now, you can also get back data distributions for each bucket of values. So if you want the raw data there as to how that data is distributed for those values, and you want to see if you do in fact have some sort of a class imbalance, you can get that back from Clarifai as well. So in addition to these graphical plots, you can also get back the raw data from the API as well. We should also talk about Shapley values because this is how Clarifai works under the hood. It's the technique it uses for determining the impact that each one of your features has on the model's output. And this is actually an idea that came out of game theory that's been applied to machine learning. The idea is pretty simple. Basically, you just drop individual features one at a time and see what impact that has on your model and measure that effect over each feature. And well, that actually gets kind of complicated when you have a lot of features because there's a lot of combinations to test there. Right. So under the hood, SageMaker clarify uses something called Shapley additive explanations or Shap for short as an approximation technique. So instead of doing this brute force calculation across every possible combination of features. Shap is a way of approximating that and doing that more efficiently, but still giving you useful information. So again, clarify is all about telling you the impact that individual features have on your model and pointing you toward potential unintended properties there that might point to problems in your data. If you're dealing with time series data, there is something specifically called asymmetric Shapley values. So for time series data instead of Shapley or Shap, you're going to be using asymmetric Shapley values. That's just the algorithm used to determine the combination of input features at each time step toward forecasts or predictions. So in addition to measuring the impact of each feature individually, we're also measuring the impact across time. So even more complicated. But these are the terms you need to know for Amazon SageMaker. Clarify.