Let's talk about SageMaker feature store. And that is a the word feature in a different sense. So in this context, a feature is a property that's used to train a machine learning model. So an example might be if you're trying to predict somebody's political party based on features, those features might be somebody's address, their income, their age, things like that. Their features are really just, um, columns or fields in a row where you're using those pieces of information to try to predict a label for that row. So the features in this case might be the properties of that person, like their address, income or age. And the label that we're trying to predict is their political party in that example. But that's what we mean by features in this context. Machine learning models require fast, secure access to that feature data to train a machine learning model. As you can imagine, it needs to suck up that data at very high quantities and very quickly. And it also needs to do it securely because some of that information could be sensitive or personal. It's also a challenge to keep that data organized and to share those features across different models. So you want to avoid a situation where you're storing these features more than once. You want to be able to share them when you're trying to do different things with machine learning, where those features come from is totally up to you. You can see SageMaker feature store kind of sits in the middle of this whole universe here of where data might come from. Maybe it's coming from SageMaker studio, maybe it's coming from a pipeline where it like step functions or SageMaker pipelines or Apache Airflow, where it's just dumping stuff in there along the way. Your features might be coming from some sort of EMR pipeline or from glue or from SageMaker processing. Maybe these features are streaming in from Kinesis or Kafka, and maybe they're being created from SageMaker, Data Wrangler, or from glue. Databrew. Right. These are all examples of where data might come from. So where it comes from can be pretty much anywhere. What feature store brings to the table is organizing that data. So it has a feature store. And within a feature store we have what we call feature groups where we organize these features together. And each feature group will contain record identifiers, feature names, and event times associated with that feature. How does it all work? So there's basically a streaming world and a batch world here with SageMaker feature store. So let's imagine that we're streaming data in from Kinesis or MSK or Apache Spark or SageMaker, Data Wrangler or any other streaming source. Basically, there's a put record API that can be used with feature store, where you can feed that streaming data into feature store and it will process it. So under the hood, feature store will both have an online repository of those features and also a batch repository that's the offline store in S3 to query features from the online store and stream them back out. There's a Getrecord API you can use for that, so your model can stream those features out using the Getrecord API. Or if you want to do batch access, that's what that offline store is for. So SageMaker Feature Store will automatically create a glue data catalog for that data stored in S3. And you can do anything you want with that S3 data. You can use tools like Athena or Data Wrangler. Anything that can hit S3 can be done with the offline feature store. You can also dump data directly into it if you want to, so you don't have to stream data into SageMaker feature store. You can just put it right into its offline store in S3 and do it that way too. Whatever works for you. The bottom line here is that SageMaker feature store works with streaming situations, and also with batch situations that are based on S3 security. Everything is encrypted at rest and in transit automatically, and if you have a KMS customer master key, you can use it with it. Fine grained access control to feature store is possible through IAM, and you can also secure it with AWS Privatelink to make sure that nobody can access it. That shouldn't.