Just a quick overview of SageMaker canvas. This will certainly show up on the exam once or twice. You just need to know that it's the no code machine learning environment that's geared more toward business analysts. So if you just have some data somewhere and you don't know how to write code or really do machine learning yourself, you just want to make a model without thinking about it too much. SageMaker canvas can do that for you as long as you give it some CSV data. You can say, okay, here's the column that I want to make predictions for, and it does the rest for you using AutoML techniques so it can automatically build a model for you and make predictions from it. It can also join data sets together if you need to. It can perform classification or regression as part of its predictions, and it even automatically cleans your data for you. So it will look for missing values, for outliers, for duplicate rows and deal with it for you without you even having to think about it too much. So think of it as machine learning for the non ML engineer. It also allows you to share your models in your data sets with SageMaker studio. So if you do want to give this to an ML engineer to do something more interesting, you can do that as well. So it is possible to export models and the data that you use to train those models from canvas to SageMaker studio and use those as a model within SageMaker studio. Also, it now has support for generative AI models as well. So pretty much anything that you see in bedrock as a foundation model or through Amazon SageMaker Jumpstart is fair game within SageMaker canvas as well, and you can even fine tune these within canvas. So you can think of canvas as more than just an automatic machine learning. It's also a user friendly interface for just creating generative AI applications as well, so you can create your own foundation model and extend it with your own data through fine tuning, all within SageMaker canvas, without even having to be an AI expert or a machine learning expert. Pretty cool stuff. So canvas, AI and machine learning for the masses, if you will.