In. More recent feature in Glue Studio is AWS Glue Data Quality. This is basically a step you can inject in your glue job to automatically evaluate the quality of the data coming in, and if it violates certain parameters or rules that you set up, then it can automatically fail the job or just log something in CloudWatch for you. Now you can create these rules either manually, or they can create them for you automatically. So you can actually tell glue data quality. Hey, go look at my source data. I know this is good data here. Infer some rules from it. You know what's the expected range of the data that I'm seeing here? What's the standard deviation of typical values that I'm seeing? Should I have alarms in place if I if I exceed those ranges. Right. And once you set up those data quality rules, you can just integrate them right into your glue jobs, like you can see in this diagram to the right. So just like another transformation stage there, one of your stages could be evaluating the data quality using glue data quality. Now if you are going to be creating these rules by hand, it uses something called the Data Quality Definition language or dcdl. And we'll look at some examples of that on the next slide. And again you can have this do a couple of different things. You can set it up so that if the data quality rule fails, it will fail the whole job. That can be annoying though, because if you do have sort of a a threshold that's a little bit too tight, you can get a lot of false positives there. Alternately, you can just report the results to CloudWatch where you can interpret them and act on them as you see fit. A little bit of an example here of what it looks like in the glue UI. So here they've created a rule called rule set one Rs1. And you can see down there some examples of the Dcdl language for those rules. And this was created by the automatic recommendations. So you can see that you can run glue data quality on your data set. And it will automatically create these dcdl rules for you. And you can go in there and edit them if you want to. If you don't agree with the things that I came up with. So there's some examples here. It's saying that the row count should be between these values. If I'm seeing less than the expected number of rows, something might be wrong. You can test to make sure that you have complete data in certain columns. You can test to make sure that the length of certain columns is within a certain range of values. There. Things like that. Right. Standard deviation also. That's an interesting one. So you can say, well, if the date of infraction or the ticket number is outside the expected bounds, we should also do something about it okay. And you can see after you actually run that on the right here what the results would look like. So in this example here, the Rs1 rule set that we made failed because the standard deviation on date of infraction and the column value seen in date of infraction were not as expected. Again, these are examples of where the thresholds can be a little bit too tight and lead to potentially a false positive. But maybe it's a real issue. Maybe there's some bad data in there or some outlier that needs to be accounted for. That would mess up your analysis later on. So that's AWS glue data quality, relatively recent feature. It should be fair game in the exam from say, 2024 onward though.