Let's talk about glue Databrew. This is definitely something you need to know in the field of data engineering, right? Because this is a visual data preparation tool. So it's another UI that you can use just for transforming data, doing the tea of your ETL. So very, very very relevant to this exam. It is a UI for pre-processing large data sets. Those data sets can come from S3 from a data warehouse or any database you want. The output, however, will go to S3 once it's been transformed by Databrew, and there are over 250 ready made transformations that you can visually apply to that data. So you can just kind of drag and drop these things in Databrew and have it automatically transform your data in pretty much any way you can imagine. And I'm not going to go through all 250 of them. If you do want to go through the documentation on AWS's website and at least scan through them, it could hurt. You know, it's good to know what the capabilities are, but the short version is pretty much anything you can dream up is probably in there. You can create these recipes of transformations that can then be saved as jobs within a larger project. So if you have multiple transformations you want to apply to your data, you can create a recipe of those transformations and then save that off and apply that to different places, different projects, different data sets. Those recipes are made up of recipe actions. And if you go to that documentation for the transformations, you'll see those definitions of those recipe actions. So as an example here on the right this is a recipe action called nest to map. And this is used to take selected columns and convert them to key value pairs. So instead of individual columns that might convert it into a JSON document that has these key value mappings between those columns and their values. So I don't know why you'd want to do that, but you can do that. And you can also optionally remove the source columns that you combined into that map as well as part of it. So that's what's going on here in the parameters. We're specifying what source columns we want to nest. So we're going to take the age the weight kilogram and height centimeter columns. We're going to put them into a new single column called column name, where it's just going to be stored as this JSON based map that will say, for example, age equals 53 weight, kilograms equals 100 height centimeters equals, you know, 500, whatever it is. Right? You can tell I don't really deal with the metric system because I'm sure those numbers make no sense. And then we also say remove source columns. So the original age weight and height columns will be deleted as part of that nest to map transform. You can also define data quality rules as part of Databrew as well to kind of make sure that your data makes sense as you go along. And you can also create data sets with custom SQL from Redshift and Snowflake as part of Databrew as well. From a security standpoint, Databrew does integrate with KMS using customer master keys only. It of course uses SSL in transit, and you can use IAM to restrict who can do what. As with most services and also as with most services, it integrates with CloudWatch and CloudTrail for alarming and governance and all that good stuff.