Let's dive into Amazon Athena next. That is a serverless interactive query engine for S3 data. So pretty cool stuff. You can take potentially a massive data lake in S3 and just put Athena on top of it and query it just like it were a SQL database. So let's dive into what it's all about. What is Athena? Technically it's description as an interactive query service for S3. So again, it's basically a SQL interface for your data in S3. There's no need to load that data into some intermediate database. The data just stays put in S3. And Athena knows how to interpret that and query it as though it were an actual database. Under the hood it uses Presto, but you don't really need to know that. It's just kind of what they started building Athena on top of. It's evolved quite a bit since then, though, so its roots may have been in Presto, but it's really more of its own thing these days. The big thing about Athena, though, is that it is fully serverless, so you don't need to think about the underlying servers or capacity or anything like that. You just go to Athena, point it at your data in S3, and start writing queries. Well, there's more you can do than that, but you could just do that. That's all there is to it. You just go to the UI, the the console for Athena and go to town. You don't have to think about setting up all the underlying capacity. It's all abstracted away for you. It supports many different data formats, so your data in S3 can be pretty much anything you can dream up, whether it's comma separated value or tab separated value. Those are both legitimate. So any human readable data, you can put Athena on top of it and it can make sense of it and query it. JSON format also supported ORC columnar format also supported. Good thing about ORC and parquet is that they are both splittable formats, and that can be useful for improving performance and segmenting your data in ways that make sense for your queries. Avro also Splittable and as far as compression goes, you can store your data in snappy zlib ae or gzip compression. Now there are some takeaways here you should keep in mind for the exam. Remember Orkin Parquet are columnar and splittable formats. Avro is only splittable. CSV, TSV and JSON are all human readable formats. Okay, so csv, tsv, JSON you can open up that file in a text editor and make sense of it. ORC parquet Avro not so much. Avro will be splittable, so you can process Avro data in parallel, because Athena can split that up and chew away on it in parallel in different chunks, right? Orc and parquet, in addition, are columnar formats, and that can accelerate queries that are only specific to certain columns. And pretty much any compression you can dream up is supported as well. So for the exam purposes, those are the things you want to remember. The data itself can be unstructured, semi-structured, or structured. Athena doesn't care. So whatever level of schema you might have, it can take advantage of it, or it can infer a new schema just by examining the data or taking one that you've provided to it. Some examples of usage here are given by Amazon. Include the ad hoc querying of web logs. So Athena is given as a better example of how to deal with querying web log data in S3, and they would rather have you use this than Elasticsearch, for example. You can also use it for querying staging data before loading it into redshift. So maybe you have a bunch of data being dumped into S3 and you want to transform it and load it into a big redshift data warehouse. But maybe you want to be able to play around with that data and investigate it and see what it looks like beforehand. Athena might be a good way of sort of getting a bigger picture of what that data looks like before you actually commit it into a data warehouse. It's also useful for looking at other logs besides web logs in S3, including CloudTrail logs, CloudFront logs, VPC logs, elastic Load balancer logs, whatever you have. If it's in S3, Athena can query it. It also offers integration with tools like Jupyter and Zeppelin and RStudio notebooks, because you can just treat it like a database. It has ODBC and JDBC interfaces, so you can treat Athena like any other relational database that you might interact with or integrate with. That also includes QuickSight. You can also integrate Amazon's QuickSight visualization tool into Athena. To actually use that as sort of the glue. Well, glue is a poor choice of word because we are actually using the glue service for this. But the thing that connects your unstructured data in S3 to a more structured visualization or analysis tool, such as QuickSight.