A few quick notes on optimizing Athena's performance. The exam allows to focus on topics like this. Uh, basically, it comes down to three things that we want to talk about here. One is you're usually going to get better performance by using columnar data formats like Orc or parquet. Uh, Athena will just work better if you can pre-process your data somehow to be in a columnar format. And you can do that with things like glue or through an ETL transform. Uh, you know, there's a lot of tools you can use to transform your data into a format that's more optimized for Athena's use. So if you are concerned about performance, uh, make sure that you're using a columnar data format under the hood with Athena and Orc or parquet. So if it's hitting S3 data, if it's in that format already, it will save you quite a bit of work. Also remember, a small number of large files will generally perform better than a large number of small files with Athena. So if you can have a small number of large ish columnar data files, that's probably going to be your optimal performance case right there. Also, take advantage of partitions. So if you're able to organize your data in S3 in a partition format, that lines up with how you're going to be querying that data. So for example, if you're, uh, hitting up your data most commonly by a specific date range or something like that, then partitioning your data by date would make a lot of sense right now. If you do need to add partitions after the fact, let's say that you have an existing data set in S3 that is not partitioned, and you want to improve its performance by adding partitions. You don't have to totally start from scratch. What you can do in Athena is use a command called MSK Repair Table to go back and add that metadata for the partitions into Athena. So if you do need to add partitions later on to an existing Athena database, you can use MSK repair table to accomplish that. So those are the main points about Athena performance. Just remember those three things and you should be in good shape.