Let's talk about Athena. Fine grained access to AWS Glue data catalog. It's a not fine grained in the traditional sense. The idea is that we have IAM based database and table level security for specific operations. So this is broader than data filters. In lake formation. We're not applying cell level security or row level security or column level security here. It's more about the operations we can perform on the databases and tables within Glue data catalog. You also cannot restrict this to specific table versions. It applies to everything. Now at a minimum, you need to have an IAM policy for Athena that grants access to the database and to the Glue data catalog in each region. But we can do more. We can lock things down if we want to as well. So you might have policies set up in IAM that might restrict access to alter or create database operations, for creating new tables, for dropping databases or dropping tables for repairing tables, or even showing all the databases or showing all of the tables. So these are things you can lock down using IAM am and Athena. Fine grained access to AWS Glue Catalog. All you have to do is figure out the mapping of those operations to their underlying IAM actions, that it's not always straightforward. So here's an example on the right for controlling access to drop table. Here we're saying we're going to allow the actions required to drop a table to a specific catalog, to a specific database, and also to a specific table within that database. And it turns out that to drop a table, you need access to get the partition and partitions that that table is in. You need to get the table and the database it's in, and you need permission to delete the table and to delete the partition as well that it might be within. So you kind of have to look up what those actions are for a given operation that is documented. However, there's a little link there if you ever need to refer to it. Can't imagine that they would expect you to memorize that stuff for the exam. However, you can kind of use your common sense to figure out what actions might correspond to different database operations that you might want to lock down using. Athena. Fine grained access to AWS Glue data catalog.