Welcome back. As we saw in the last lesson, Databricks enables us to build a modern Data Lakehouse platform. In this diagram, I've shown the data Lakehouse as a single entity. But as you can imagine, it's more involved than that. So now let's delve a bit deeper into the data architecture within the Data Lakehouse platform. The data architecture used in the Data Lakehouse is commonly referred to as medallion architecture. This is again a term originally coined by Databricks and is now widely adopted in the industry. First, it's essential to understand that the medallion architecture is not an architectural pattern, but rather a data design pattern. Although this design pattern has existed in data warehouses and data lakes for some time, Databricks refined it within the Data Lakehouse model using a simple to understand three layer structure. Bronze, silver, and gold. This is where the term medallion comes from. In the medallion architecture, Data flows through these layers bronze, silver and gold, and as the data progresses through each layer, its quality improves. While the three layer structure is most common, some projects may also have a fourth layer called platinum or simpler project may only have two layers. So you can have as many layers as you like. But the key here is to clearly identify and define each layer's characteristics upfront, so that you can gain maximum benefits from them. The bronze layer typically contains raw data as received from the various data sources. At this layer, the data usually undergoes minimal to no transformation at most. Some additional metadata, such as a load, timestamp, or the name of the file, may be added for tracking purposes. This kind of information is crucial for auditing and identifying data issues. By not transforming the data, we can maintain a historical record of all the data received, making it easy to replay the data if any pipeline issues occur later. This approach also supports fast ingestion of high volume and high velocity data. The silver layer holds filtered, cleansed, and enriched data with a structure applied and schema either enforced or evolved to maintain consistency. At this stage, the data undergoes quality checks where invalid records are removed, column values are standardized, duplicates are eliminated, and missing values are either replaced or removed. Additionally, any required context or descriptions are added to the data. This results in structured, high quality and reliable data. The data in the silver layer is suitable for data science, machine learning, and AI workloads. The gold layer contains business level aggregated data. Here, data from the silver layer is further aggregated and enriched with additional context to make it ready for high level business reporting and analysis. This layer is also used for advanced analytics and applications where needed. Now that we understand the design pattern of the medallion architecture, let's take a look at the benefits of designing a data lake house using the medallion architecture. The medallion architecture improves data lineage and traceability of the data by moving the data through the clearly defined data layers of bronze, silver and gold. It becomes easier to track where the data has come from and how it's transformed and used in applications. The layered approach also helps enforce data governance and compliance policies such as GDPR, CcpA, etc.. Each layer has a defined meaning and granularity of the data, which helps define compliance policies such as retention policies. This design pattern allows for processing only new and changed data received at the Data Lake House, which supports incremental processing. This not only reduces the computational cost but also improves performance. Also, this layered approach allows us to have better workload management for each of the layers and create scalable solutions. Finally, the layered approach also gives better control over security, such as defining role based access control to ensure only authorized users can access secure and sensitive data. For example, we can just provide access to the go layer for users who shouldn't have access to transactional level customer data, which is available in the bronze and the silver layers. In summary, the medallion architecture provides a flexible data design pattern that can be adapted based on your project requirements. By clearly defining each layer's purpose and characteristics, you can ensure data consistency, quality, and efficiency throughout your data pipeline. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.