Welcome back. In this lesson we are going to create a Databricks service within Azure. Let's switch over to the Azure portal and get started. Let's navigate to the Azure portal via Portal.azure.com. Now sign in with the details of the Azure account that you created in the previous lesson. And we are now in the Azure portal. From the top left menu, click on create a Resource and search for Azure Databricks. Once you find it, click create and click create again and it opens up this wizard. This wizard will guide you through the setup process required for the Databricks workspace. So choose the subscription that you want the Databricks Workspace to be created in. I'll go with my subscription, which is Azure Subscription one, but feel free to select whichever one is relevant for you. And we need to provide a resource group to organize all the resources required for this course, I'll create a new one called d e a course. I'm using the letters R as the suffix to denote that it is resource group, and also my prefix is DEA which is Data Engineering Associate certification. So come up with some kind of standard naming convention so that it's easier for future management. So I'm going to click create here. And now we need to provide a name for the workspace. Again I'm going to call it as DEA course AWS. And AWS here stands for workspace. And now we need to choose a region in which we want the Databricks workspace to be created in. So pick one which is closest to you so that you get lower latency and better cost efficiency as well. I'll pick UK South because that's the closest one for me. But remember that not all regions support all services, so if you're unsure, please select UK South as well. And now we need to select the pricing tier. We can choose between the standard and premium. The premium tier cost a little bit more, but offers additional functionality such as role based access control, access to Databricks, SQL, Delta Live Tables, and Unity Catalog. The certification requires us to learn about most of these features, so we definitely need premium tier for this course. And also there is a 14 day free trial for the first time, so please feel free to select that if you haven't already used it. But I'm going to select the premium pricing tier here. Let's click next for networking. In the networking section, you can further secure your Databricks workspace by removing it from the public internet. However, since we're using this for learning purposes, we'll leave it as it is for now. We'll also let Azure create the virtual network automatically for us. And let's click next for encryption. Here you can configure additional options like encryption. Azure automatically encrypts your storage data, but you can enable double encryption if needed, which is only available again in the premium tier. You can also apply enhanced security and compliance here. We can again leave this as they are for now, and you can add any tags to keep track of your resource usage, billing, etc. in this screen here. Let's now click on Review Plus Create. Azure will validate your configuration. And once it succeeds, click create. The deployment process should only take about a couple of minutes. The deployment is now complete. Once the deployment is complete, click on go to resource. This will take you to the Databricks Service page. It looks very similar to other services you create in Azure. From here, you can click on the launch workspace to navigate to the Databricks Workspace. This will log you into the Databricks Workspace through Azure Active Directory using single sign on. And that's it. You've successfully created and launched a Databricks workspace. And that's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson, I'll give you a quick overview of the Databricks workspace. See you then.