Welcome back. In this lesson, I'm going to give you a quick overview of the Databricks user interface. Please keep in mind that the interface has been evolving quite rapidly, and the video has been recorded in November 2024. I'll continue updating the content to include any significant updates, but you might still see some minor differences over time. The Databricks workspace might seem a bit overwhelming at first, but please don't worry, I'll break it down for you in this lesson, and we'll explore each of these sections in more detail in the upcoming lessons. But first, let me change the interface theme to light. I prefer using dark theme, but the feedback from my students is that they prefer light theme for learning. So let me change that first. You can do that by navigating to the settings menu from the top right, and you will see the interface theme under User Preferences. And let me change that to light. And let's now go back to the home page. You can do that by clicking on the Microsoft Azure or Databricks icons on the top left here. And let me do that. So we are now back at the home page. The main navigation menu of the Databricks workspace is on the left side of the screen. As you can see here, Databricks offers multiple products to help with data warehousing, data engineering, and machine learning, and this menu is organized to reflect these product areas. At the top of the navigation bar, you will see a section dedicated to common functionalities across all product areas. SQL section contains menu items specific to Databricks SQL, which allows you to build SQL based data warehouses and data analytical solutions on the Lakehouse platform. Data engineering section includes products specifically designed for data engineering tasks and finally the machine Learning section includes the products and tools tailored for machine learning workloads. You can collapse or expand these sections as needed. For example, since we have focused on data engineering, I'll collapse the SQL and machine learning sections. So now as you can see, the menu looks a bit more simpler. Let's now start from the top and go through the key menu items that are relevant to data Engineering. The new menu provides quick shortcuts for creating Databricks objects such as notebooks, clusters, jobs, etc.. While it's convenient to use shortcuts, we'll primarily use the standard menus in their own sections in this course to help you familiar with the entire user interface. So let's move on to the workspace menu. The workspace is basically a container for folders, libraries, and files. By default, each user gets a folder here. And also there is a shared workspace which you can use for collaborating with others. Right clicking on the workspace folder allows you to create or import assets like notebooks, folders, uh, mlflow, experiments, etc. you can also export your notebooks in various file formats such as Python, SQL, Scala, which are source specific file formats, and also you can download them or export them in DBC file format, which is a Databricks proprietary file format. And reasons menu contains any workspace assets you've recently accessed in this workspace. We don't have anything at the moment, but when we start creating assets, we will see them here. And the catalog menu lets you interact with tables that you've already created. Or also it lets you create new tables and the workflow menu includes jobs, job brands, and Delta live tables. Jobs allows you to schedule notebooks to run periodically, and when they run, you will see them under the Job runs section here. And Delta Live Tables is an ETL framework that uses a declarative approach for building data pipelines with automated testing, and the compute menu here is used to create clusters, cluster pools, cluster policies, and SQL data warehouses. We'll explore this in more detail in the next few lessons of the course, and the Data Engineering section has some redundant menu items that we've already covered under workflows. For example, clicking on the job runs basically takes you to the same page as the workflows menu items for job monitoring. Similarly, Delta Live tables here in this section takes you to the same location under workflows. The only unique menu items here is data ingestion, which lets you create tables from data stored locally and also lets you upload files to Databricks. Volumes and Dbfs. It also provides integration with the third party product called Fivetran for building data ingestion pipelines. However, please note that Fivetran is beyond the scope of this course. Let's now move over to the search bar at the top. It's a powerful tool for searching your entire workspace. You can also use the search option to filter your search to specific search items. For example, you can filter using the type of the asset which can be a notebook or a job, etc. and also you can filter it down to the owner and the location as well. The drop down menu with the name of the workspace here allows you to switch between different Databricks workspaces without going back to the Azure portal. For example, if you had another workspace in the same subscription, you will be able to simply switch to the other workspace from here. But we only have one workspace. That's why you're seeing that workspace here. And you can use the AI assistant by clicking the icon here. And finally, the top right menu here provides options for setting user preferences, which we did that early in the lesson and doing workspace administration, etc.. And please feel free to go through these submenu items to understand them better. That's the quick overview of the Databricks user interface. Don't worry if you haven't understood all of them and if it feels a bit overwhelming at first. We will dive deeper into each of these sections in future lessons, and you will get plenty of hands on experience. And by the end of this course, you will be comfortable navigating and using the Databricks workspace. That's it for this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.