So now let's have a look at CodePipeline, and we're going to create a pipeline to deploy our code from GitHub to Beanstalk. And we're going to build a custom pipeline to get access to all the options. And this one is going to be called MyFirstPipeline. Let's scroll down. We're going to leave the execution mode to queued. This is perfect. We leave the default on, and then we're going to create a new service role, and this is the role name. And this service role will allow CodePipeline to do what it needs to do, so this is very important to have it created. So, no variables are needed, and under advanced settings, we leave everything for artifact store and encryption key. So, let's click on next, and here comes the source provider. So, as you can see, we have a lot of different source providers. We have CodeCommit, which is discontinued. We have Amazon ECR, Amazon S3, Bitbucket, which is a Git provider, GitHub version one and version two, Enterprise Server, GitLab, and GitLab Self-Managed. So, a lot of different integrations are possible, and I would recommend for you to use GitHub version two. So, we're going to connect directly GitHub into our repository. So, we need to have a connection, and then we return to this task. So, let's connect to GitHub, and I'll call this one MyGitHubConnection, and connect to GitHub. And then you're going to be greeted with this to authorize the AWS connector for GitHub. So please say yes, you authorize it. And now this connection is fully created. So next we need to have a GitHub app to install a new app. So, let's install this new app right now. So, you're saying to what do you want to connect to? So which part, and then what repositories? So, I put all repositories. Then you put your little codes if need be for security. And now you will have a GitHub app ID in here. So, you can connect, and now the connection to GitHub should be done. So, everything is good now, the status is available. And so now I can go back here, and I probably need to refresh this. So, let's do it again. Thank you, AWS, for being smooth. So, let's create a pipeline, and I call this one my first pipeline. We go again, press next. Source provider is going to be GitHub version two. And now I see my GitHub connection. So, it's ready to use, and now we need to choose a repository in there. So, sounds good because the repository name I have is my Node.js app. So, you just paste it in. And then what is the default branch? It's going to be the main branch. So, we're going to start deploying from this one. Next, what is the output artifact format? We use the CodePipeline default trigger. So here we need to have a trigger that starts the pipeline. And we are going to specify a filter saying for any push to the branch and the branch being, and we'll have it as main for the branch being main, then push it into CodePipeline. So, let's click on next. Build provider, we're going to skip this for now, but we'll have a look at it later. And you can see we have CodeBuild and Jenkins available. Yes, we skip this. And the deploy is where do you want to deploy this to? So, we have lots of options as you can see, but the one that is interesting to us is AWS Elastic Beanstalk. And then for the application name is the one we have just created. And we'll use right now the env environment. Let's click on next. And so, what happens is that this pipeline is going to send whatever is in our GitHub directly into our Elastic Beanstalk application on the env environment. So, let's create this pipeline and see what happens. So, one little thing you may have to do is to go under settings for your pipeline, click on the service role. And in here we have two policies. We're going to add a new one that is missing permission sometimes for Beanstalk. So, you're going to attach policy. You're going to look for Beanstalk in here. And you're just going to add administrator access Beanstalk. That's going to make it very simple just for demo purposes. This way our pipeline will be able to deploy to Beanstalk. So, make sure you add this into your code pipeline service role. And then you can go back to the tutorial. So, as you can see, things are in progress now. Don't mind this little error right now. Something I had to fix behind the scenes. But anyways, if you go into Beanstalk right now and look at your environment and open it, you see it's green. And you need to do this very quickly. And so, once this source has been pulled, we're pulling the version of index.html that has blue as the background color. So, if you go into here and you scroll down, you will see that back here, background color is blue. And so therefore, when the deploy action happens, this new version is going to be deployed into our Elastic Beanstalk environment. If I click on it, we can see that right now there is a deployment happening. So, the environment update is starting. And so automatically when it'll be done, my environment should be switched to blue. So now as you can see, my code is running a version named CodePipeline something. And if we go into Elastic Beanstalk now, the background is blue. And so, we have successfully completed our first pipeline in which we have hooked automatically a GitHub repository to a Elastic Beanstalk environment through CodePipeline. But we can do so much more. So, what we can do is that we can edit this pipeline and start adding stages. So here, as you can see, we have the source and then we have the deploy into Elastic Beanstalk. But we can add a stage and call this one deploy to prod in which we're going to deploy to our prod environment. And within this stage, we can add an action group. Remember action groups are going to be within the stages. And so, we need to choose an action provider and you have a lot of different things that are possible, but we want to use Elastic Beanstalk. So, the action is going to be deploy to prod Beanstalk. And then input artifacts, we'll choose source artifacts. Application name is the one we already have. The environment this time is going to be prod and then we click on done. So here, as you can see, we have from the source to deploy onto Elastic Beanstalk to deploy to prod. And this is our first action group, but let's say we want to deploy to prod and so therefore we want a manual approval beforehand. So, this one, I want to say manual approval because we want to check things before we deploy to prod. So, we'll have it like this. We can specify an SNS topic, a URL for review, comments and so on, but we don't need this. We click on done. And as you can see now in this stage now, we have two sequential action groups. So just remember multiple action groups can move into one stage. Okay, so we're good to go. We're done for this. And then we're going to save our pipeline and save it. So, as you can see now, we have our pipeline and now we have these two, this extra stage deploy to prod, which contains a manual approval and deploy to prod. So, how do we make it run? Well, if you've been following, you should know how to make it run. We need to make a change in the source. So, let's go in the source and then we're going to edit this file. And in here, I'm going to have the background color changed to something else. We'll have it as red. So, let's commit the change and say, changed background color to red. And we commit directly into the main branch to make things quicker and we save it. So now we have a new commit. So, if we go into our commit list right here, we have a new commit in which we have updated index HTML. And when we look at this commit, we can see that the color was changed from blue to red. So back into CodePipeline, if we have been following, the pipeline has been automatically triggered because there was a change in GitHub. So, the source was being pulled right now. And now there's a deploy happening in our first Beanstalk environment. So, if we go back into Beanstalk right here and refresh this page, as you can see now, we are in health info because there is a new deployment happening. So, let's wait for it to be over. This is done. We're okay now. So, if I go back into my domain, now we can see that it is red. So, as you can see, it was successfully deployed in my end environment. So, this is successful here, but now we are in the deploy to prod stage. And let me refresh this. As you can see now, we have a manual approval that is necessary. And until we have given this manual approval, we're not deploying to prod. So, we would review the development environment and say, well, this looks good. This is exactly what I want. So, I'm going to give my approval. So, I'm going to review it and I'm going to approve it and say, looks good in red. Okay. We submit it. Now the manual approval was approved and now my prod environment is being deployed too. So, if I go here, I go into my prod environment. As you can see right now, it is green. This is the old version of my prod environment. But now there's going to be a deployment into my environment, which is happening, which should make this go from green, which is the initial state, into red. So, let's wait for this to be done. And now we are in okay health. So, if you go again to the domain, we can see that now it is red. So, this is all very successful. So back into our pipeline, we've seen how to do a deploy to dev, a manual approval, a deploy to prod. We can look in the pipeline history on the left-hand side to see all the runs, how long they took, if they succeeded, what commit they correspond to and so on. And we've seen the basics of CodePipeline. So, I hope you liked it. This is your first CI-CD pipeline and I will see you in the next lecture.