So now let's talk about the EC2 Image Builder service. So it's a service used to create and automate the creation of virtual machines or container images. So basically you want to automate the creation, maintain, and validate and test your EC2 AMIs. So you can run the Image Builder on a schedule. For example, build an AMI every week or whenever packages are updated, et cetera, et cetera. Or you can run it with some automation as we'll see in the next slide. It's a free service so you only pay for the underlying resources created and these are EC2 instances as I will show you right now. On top of it, once you create an AMI from the EC2 Image Builder service, you can publish that AMI to multiple regions and multiple accounts. Which is going to help with your distribution. So the EC2 Image Builder service, once you set it up and you set up, you build instructions, is going to create a builder EC2 instance. It's an instance that comes with almost nothing on it. And then the Image Builder service is going to run what's called the Build Components to customize the software on your instance, based on the instructions you gave it. So it's going to build your AMI as it goes. Then when the build instructions are done, the AMI is going to be created from it, and this AMI is going to be tested. So a new EC2 instance, from that AMI is going to be created. All the tests are going to be run on the AMI, for example to test if the AMI is working, if it's secure and so on. And then the image, the image itself, so the AMI, is going to be distributed, of course in the region it was created, but also to other regions if you wanted to, and to multiple accounts if you need to. Which really gives you a central way to build your AMIs on AWS. So let's have a look at the CICD architecture for the EC2 Image Builder service. So first we have a CodePipeline to orchestrate everything, and within the CodePipeline we start from CodeCommit to get our code source. So we're going to create our application there and then it's going to be passed onto CodeBuild so that the application is being built, the code is being compiled, and then we have an executable. Then once the application is ready to be shipped, we need to build an AMI, and therefore we're going to use CloudFormation. Which is going to automate and launch the EC2 Image Builder service, which is going to take the code, lastly built from CodeBuild and then create an AMI out of it. So this is the stage two, where we build this AMI and the stage three is the rollout of this AMI. So again, we're going to use a CloudFormation template, this time to perform a rolling update onto an auto scaling group, where EC2 instances are using the previous AMI, and therefore CloudFormation has some logic to upgrade your images once at a time. So your instances are going to be upgraded over time from the old AMI to the new AMI, and that gives you a fully automated way to push code into CodeCommit to build an AMI from it, and to roll out the AMI in production to your instances. So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.