So let's get started with IAM. So first there's a lot of things you should know about IAM already. So I'm not gonna go over the basics. I will just try to remind you what it is. So users have long term credentials and therefore you're AWS users. You can group them and you can also define roles which are going to be short term credentials and then we use the STS service to endorse these roles and get credentials that are gonna be temporary out of those, to do the actions that the roles are authorized to do. A specific kinda role we've been seeing all along in the courses is the EC2 instance role where it's going to use the EC2 metadata service to get these short-term credentials on an EC2 instance. And you can assign only one role at a time for the instance. But this way, your instance can access for example, an S3 Bucket or DynamoDB table and so on. There's also service roles which are assigned to services directly. So if you have a service such as API Gateway or CodeDeploy that needs to do an action on an Auto Scaling Group or a Lambda Function or something else, then that service needs to have a role and that role needs to be able and provisioned to do all the actions it needs. Okay and then finally we have Cross Account roles. And these roles are going to be really helpful in case you need to access another account to perform actions in that other account. You never share user's credentials Cross Account, you always allow to assume roles and we'll see this in details in this course. Now you have policies in IAM and they will define what a role or a user can do. And so you have three kinds, You have AWS Managed, which is policies defined by AWS that are going to be changing over time, maybe, but they will do something very specific. Customer Managed, which is you creating these policies and you can assign them to multiple users or multiple roles and you can make them evolve over time, version them. Or Inline Policies, which are going to be policies assigned to one specific user or one specific role and you can make them evolve over time but you cannot share them across users or across roles. And finally we'll do a discussion on resource based policies. So this is when you have an S3 Bucket policy or an SQS queue policy and so on, which would allow us to perform some really interesting patterns and we'll see this in this lecture. So what does an IAM policy look like? Well, first of all it's going to be JSON document and they will have four things or five things, Effects, Action, Resources, Conditions and sometimes in it, Policy Variables. We'll do a deep dive in all of those. But the idea is that a JSON policy looks like this. And then we have some statement, for example allow EC2 attach volume, EC2 detach volume on the resource which is all EC2 instances. And the condition is string equals resource type department development. That means that only the EC2 instances tagged with this tag can be attached or detached to volume and so on. So this is quite specific and you can get very, very crazy with IAM policies but this is how all of AWS works and we know this already. If there is an explicit DENY in your IAM policy then it will have precedence over any ALLOW and so that means that explicit DENY's always have the highest priority, and we'll have a lecture exactly to understand how IAM policies and everything else are evaluated in order. Okay so the best practice we know this already is to use the least privilege for maximum security. That means that you need to make sure that the IAM policies are allowed just to do what they need to be doing and not more. Some tools we can use to make sure that this is the case, there is IAM Access Advisor where you can see all the permissions you have granted to an IAM policy. And the last time each of these permissions was last accessed. So in case you have a policy or something that was not used for a year maybe it's worth removing it from the IAM policy to ensure there is less privilege. Okay, another one is going to be Access Analyzer and this is to analyze resources are shared with external entities, for example, S3 Buckets and this will allow you to look at if other accounts have access to your S3 Bucket, maybe there's something you're not expecting here and you want to make sure to lock down that S3 bucket. Okay, if you're not very familiar with IAM policy I would encourage you to go to this URL to make sure you look at a few of them and understand them better. But I would assume that by now you know what they look like already and how they work. A few common IAM policies we'll get across is going to be the AdministratorAccess which is meaning that everything should be allowed on any resource. And so this is a policy you have to specify so by default, if you set nothing in an IAM policy then everything will be denied. But if you add that statement, which is, allow action star resource star, then everything will be allowed and that will give you AdministratorAccess. And because this is something very common for administrators, AWS provides this as a Managed Policy. Another very interesting policy, a bit less privileged, is called AWS PowerUserAccess. And so in the first one, the "Effect" is "Allow", "Not action" on IAM star organizations and account star for resource stars, so that means that it's not going to allow anything to be done on IAM organizations and accounts. And also it's going to allow still a few IAM actions such as create service link role, delete service link role, list roles, describe organization and list regions. So you may be asking me, why on the left hand side is "NotAction" used and not just "Effect":"Deny." So if you use "Effect":"Deny," and then you specify these three actions and then you specify "Effect":"Allow," and these five actions. These five actions will automatically be denied because there will be an explicit deny on the left of hand side. So here we have a very interesting use case, in case we don't want to deny everything in there because we want to explicitly allow a few things in there, then we can use the "NotAction" instead of "Deny" to allow for these two things to coexist together. Okay next, conditions in IAM policies. So this is what a condition would look like. So we have a condition operator, a condition key and a condition value. And so we can do a lot of crazy things with conditions. The first one is going to be a string operator, so for example, you're saying I want my principle tag to be job category: IAM user admin, so this is when you look at tags. Or you can look at, for example, on this pre-prefix for this pre-Bucket policy to say that we want the users to only access a specific home directory. There's numeric operators where we can look at, is it equal, Equal than or not equal and so on. Dates to look at, compare dates, this is very helpful when you want to provide temporary access to a specific service. Booleans which is going to be really helpful for example, if you want to evaluate SSL such as Secure Transport: true, and also when you want to look at MFA using Multifactor Authentication present: true. There's also an IP address condition or not IP address condition. And these conditions will be really helpful for buckets, S3 bucket policies for example or any kind of policy we want to ensure that only a specific kind of source IP can access the service. So we can have an IP address source IP equals, and here we have a CIDR block slash 24. And finally, we can look at ArnEquals, ArnLike and the Null condition. We're also checking if something is null or not. Now, right now, I just wanna reassure you you don't have to remember all these things okay? I just want to show you these things exist so that you know you can have very specific IAM policies such as if the exam is asking you to use an IAM policy as an answer to a problem, this would be possible instead of using, for example a custom script okay? But you don't remember exactly all these things the exact conditions and so on. Okay next, there is Policy Variables and Tags and these are really, really powerful. One we've seen is dollar sign AWS username and this is most commonly used, for example in S3 buckets policy. So we have resource minus S3 buckets, slash the variable AWS username, slash star. And what this does is that it will allow your username to perform actions, all the actions on just the prefix that starts with AWS username. And so that means that every user will have its own little directory in your S3 bucket. And that is a very common usage for this. There is some AWS specific Policy Variables and Tags, for example CurrentTime, TokenIssueTime, principal type, secure transport, which is for SSL, source IP, user ID and source instance ARN. And these are provided by AWS. There's service specific policy roles and tags, for example S3 prefix, max keys, SNS endpoint, SNS protocol. And finally, you can have tag based policy variables. For example, if you use resource tag, slash key name or principle tag, slash key name and so on so you can start having some really powerful IAM policies. And this is why I would encourage you to use the link from before to just look at a few of them and try to understand them. So you can really see the whole range of what can be done in IAM. Okay, more importantly, and more exam focused is going to be the difference of IAM roles and resource based policies. And it may not be very clear exactly what the difference is but there is a very, very clear difference. So we have two options right? We can attach a policy to resource, for example, in S3 bucket versus attaching of using a role as a proxy. So here is an example. We have a user in account A and is trying to access an S3 bucket in account B. Now there's two ways of doing this, right? The first one is to use a role in account B and we'll be assuming that role from account A and once you assume the role in account B the role will have the necessary permissions to access the S3 buckets. And that works. Another option is to use an S3 bucket policy and in the S3 bucket policy, we're saying, okay user in account A can access my Amazon S3 bucket in account B. And both these solutions allow user account A to access the Amazon S3 bucket in account B. But there is a very, very big difference. What is it? It is that when you assume a role, whether it be a user, an application or a service you're going to give up all your original permissions and you're going to take the permissions assigned to the role. So that means that before, when we do assume the role and accounts B, the orange situation when the user in account A, gives up all his permissions in account A while it's being assuming a role in account B. So the idea is that when you assume a role as a user application or service, then you're going to give up your original permissions and you're going to take the permissions assigned to the role. And when you're using, on the contrary, a resource based policy then the principal does not have to give up any permissions. So when do we use resource based policy? Well, here is in this complex example, an example. So we have user in account A that needs to scan a DynamoDB in account A so it's own account. But then dump the content of it in an S3 bucket in account B. As you can see the user needs to operate on two accounts. Well, in this case, we need an IAM role in account A to make it happen, and also a resource policy on the S3 bucket and account B to make it happen. So this is a very, very good use case for resource based policies. So resource based policies are supported by so many AWS services and is increasing, so for example, Amazon industry buckets, SNS topics SQS queues, Lambda functions, ECR, Backup, EFS, Glacier, Cloud9. I mean, you'll see the list here, is that it's pretty much supported by most of the important resources in AWS. Now let's talk about, IAM permission boundaries. So we know that there are some permission boundaries and they're supported for users and roles, but not groups. This is an advanced features that is going to allow you to set the maximum permissions an IAM entity can get. So an example is going to be way easier. So for example, say we attach this IAM permission boundary so saying S3 star, clover star and EC2 star and this IAM permission. So through this IAM policy we just allow IAM create user star, okay. Well, these two things together will mix up. And then what will happen is that there will be no permissions. Well, because even though the action IAM create user is authorized on the right hand side, because the IAM permission boundaries only allow the permissions on S3 CloudWatch, and ec2 then the user zero will have no permissions. So IAM permission boundaries can also be used with AWS organization SCP. So if you look at the SCP in the middle we have the intersection of the SCP, the permission boundary and the identity based policies. So you would use IAM permission boundaries when you want to delegate responsibility to non-administrator within their permission boundaries, for example to create new IAM users or to allow developers to self assign policy to themselves and manage their own permissions while making sure that they can only do these things within their privilege rights. So they cannot escalate themselves. And it's also very useful to restrict one specific user instead of using a whole account restriction with organizations and SCP. So that's it for IAM, hopefully you know most of these things and I will see you in the next lecture.