So now let's discuss IAM Access Analyzer. And this is a service within the IAM console that is used to find out which resources are going to be shared externally. So this applies with S3 buckets, IAM roles, KMS keys, Lambda functions and layers, SQS queues, and Secrets Manager Secrets. So the idea is that some of these, obviously, can have resource policies attached to them, or they can be shared with other accounts. But sometimes you forget about sharing these items and it can be a security risk for your company because some of the data may be accessible by external sources. And so, you define a zone of trust, which is going to correspond to your AWS accounts or your entire AWS organization. And then anything outside your zone of trust that has access to the resources said above are going to be reported as findings. So for example, we have an S3 bucket, we can share it with a specific role, a user, an account, an external client by IP, or a VPC endpoint. But if we define the zone of trust to be our accounts and only the role, the user, and the VPC endpoints are within our accounts, then the accounts and the external clients are going to be flagged as a finding, and you can look at it within the console to take action if you think this is a security risk. There are other sides of IAM Access Analyzer you need to know about. So first of all, you can do policy validation on IAM Access Analyzer. So you can validate your policy against the policy grammar and best practices. You're going to get general warnings, security warnings, errors, and suggestions, as well as actionable recommendations on how to improve your policies. But also you can generate policies directly from IAM Access Analyzer. And that's really cool because it's actually going to generate an IAM policy tailored to your access activity based on the API calls that have been made. So let's take an example of a Lambda function doing API calls into an S3 bucket or a Kinesis Data Stream. Then, of course, these API calls are going to be logged into CloudTrail. Now, what's going to happen is that the CloudTrail logs are going to be reviewed by the IAM Access Analyzer feature to generate a policy and then is going to get fine-grained permissions with the appropriate actions and services. So IAM Access Analyzer review the logs. And it's up to 90 days of logs. And then, out of it, will generate an IAM policy that is going to be most likely security best practice because it will encompass all the API calls that your application has been making over the past 90 days. Okay, so that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.