So now let's talk about service control policies, or SCP. So here, you can define allowlist or blocklist for specific IAM actions on your organization for your accounts. And this applies either at the OU level or the Account level. Any SCP you apply to your management accounts actually is disregarded because you want to keep your management account safe from any kind of lockout. The SCPs is going to be applied to all the users and the roles in the account, including the root user. And the SCP does not affect any service-linked roles. That means that these services, those service-linked role, they enable other services on AWS to integrate with organization, and therefore that's why they can't be restricted by SCPs. So, SCPs are special. And for something to be allowed within organizations, you need to make sure that every SCP along the way from the root to each OU down to the specific target account will have an explicit allow. And I will show you this in the next slide as an example. So the use cases for SCP is to restrict access to certain services. For example, hey, you cannot use EMR, or to enforce PCI compliance by explicitly disabling some services in AWS. This will be very clear in this example. So let's take for example, a Root OU, and we apply FullAWSAccess underneath. So the management account is under the Root OU, and then we have more OU, the Sandbox, the Workload, Test, and Prod, with accounts within the OUs. So if we apply an SCP, which is Deny Athena on the management account, what is happening to the management account? Well, the management account can do anything because there's a rule that says that no SCP ever apply to the management account. This is a safety because of course if you lock yourself out of your management account, this would be terrible. So remember, the management accounts can do anything no matter what. But let's say for example, we apply on the Sandbox OU a FullAWSAccess plus Deny S3. So as you can see here, we still need to apply FullAWSAccess to apply to give allow to everything explicitly because if we didn't have full AWS access, then nothing would be allowed within that OU. So explicit allows are needed every single way. And on account A, say we also do apply FullAWSAccess and Deny EC2. Then account A can do anything because it has full AWS access on the Root OU and on the Sandbox OU and on the account itself. But because we have two explicit denies, we have one Deny S3 from the Sandbox and one Deny EC2 from the account itself, then it cannot access Amazon S3 or Amazon EC2. For Account B and C, because they don't have specific SCP attached to them, then they can do anything except accessing Amazon S3 because you have an explicit deny coming from the Sandbox OU. Next, if we apply FullAWSAccess to the Workloads OU, and we also apply an Allow EC2 SCP to the Test OU, then Account D can only access EC2. And if we look at the Prod OU and Account E and F within it, well, we must first apply the FullAWSAccess SCP to the Prod OU, and then Account E and F can do anything. So here are some examples for SCPs. This is the first one is a blocking of a specific service. So first we allow all actions, and then we DenyDynamoDB, or on the allow list here, we allow EC2 and CloudWatch, but we don't allow anything else. So those are some examples of SCPs. So let's have a look at the IAM policy evaluation logic, because this diagram basically explains to you how you are authorized or not to do actions within AWS. And you don't need to know it by heart, but it should make sense to you. So we can see there's a whole flow, but at every step there is an evaluation. And so we're going to look at Deny evaluation. We're going to look at Organizations SCP, Resource-based policy, Identity-based policy, IAM permission boundaries, and then finally, Session policies to allow or deny a specific IAM action. So let's have a look in details to see how that works. So, we're going to look at all the possible policies in here, and if there's an explicit deny, then we know that it's going to be denied automatically. Then we look at the organization's SCP, and is there an allow? If yes, you go to next step. If not, then it's a deny because it's an implicit deny. Then we look at resource-based policy, for example, they can be applied to S3 buckets. They can be applied to SQS SQs and so on. And again, we have a look. Is there a resource-based policy? If so, is there an allow? Yes or no? Then we have identity-based policy. So we look again at whether or not there's an identity-based policy, whether or not there's an allow. And then we deny implicitly or go on to the next step. Then we look at IAM permission boundaries that we just saw. And then finally we look at session policies. I won't go over them, this is more related to STS. But what I want you to remember is that all these things are evaluated when making a specific IAM action, okay? And so only if all these things are allowing and working together or not denying specifically, then you will have a finalization allow, and you'll be able to do your action, okay? So it's just to give you a bit more overview, but hopefully you understand better how security works in AWS. So these IAM SCP policies can be used, for example, to restrict tags, okay? So, if you want to restrict specific tags on AWS resources, you can use the AWS TagKeys Condition Key. Now, this will allow you to validate the tag keys attached to your resource against the tag keys in the IAM policy. And this is something that comes up in the exam. So if we want to only allow an IAM user to create an EBS volume if it has the Env and the CostCenter tags, then the policy would look like this. So we have a match all keys, okay? So ForAllValues:StringEquals, TagKeys, Env, and CostCenter, and this means that we want absolutely both the Env and the CostCenter tags to be present in the EBS volume when we create it. And you have an option to also use the value called ForAnyValue, which means that at a minimum, you must have either of these tags. So, on the second example here in this slide, here, if the EBS volume is created with the Env but not the CostCenter, it's going to work, and vice versa because we have the ForAnyValue condition key, okay? So this can come up in exam, using the AWS Tag Keys condition key. Another example of SCP you can have is an SCP to deny an entire region using the condition named aws:RequestRegion. So the idea is that you would specify a Deny effect, and then you would say that the region where everything is denied could be eu-central-1 and eu-west-1. You can specify different AWS services by specifying action, EC2 star, RDS star, and so on. And you can also have a bypass. For example, you can have ArnNotLike, so that two roles, for example, are allowed to bypass this SCP. So it can get quite complex, but the idea out of it is that SCP can be used to restrict member accounts to specific regions or from specific regions. Okay, so there's also a way of using SCPs to restrict creating resources that don't have the appropriate tags, okay? So, this is to prevent IAM users and roles for performing stuff that they can't do. For example, we can restrict launching an EC2 instance if it does not have the Project and CostCenter tags. So in this example, where the condition in your SCP is going to be a null for aws:RequestTag/Project, true. Okay, that means that you're going to, and this is a deny, So that means that it's going to deny any request that does not contain the Project tag in our EBS volume. And then in the second one, it is CostCenter as well, okay? So the first example was using IAM policies directly to say, yes, please use these tags. And in the second example that I showed you, this is for SCPs only. Next we have TAG policies. So, TAG policies are defined at the organization level, and they help you standardize tags across all resources in an organization. So this is used to ensure consistent tags, audit tag resources, maintain proper resource categorization, and so on. So you define tag keys and their allowed values, and this helps with Cost Allocation Tags, or if you wanted to do Attributes Access Control. And then any non-compliant tagging operations will be prevented, okay, on these specified services and resources. And you can also have a report that lists all the tags or non-compliant resources. And then if you want to look for non-compliant tags, then use Amazon EventBridge. So in this example, on the right hand side, for the Secrets Manager service, we can only have the key, CostCenter, to have the value 100 or 200. Another type of policy on organizations is called the AI Services Opt-out Policy. So, the backtrack of the context of this is that while the AI services in AWS may use your content that you're actually giving them to improve the Amazon AI or machine learning services. So for example, Amazon Lex, Amazon Comprehend, Amazon Polly, all of these services improve based on the data you give them. And so your data is used by AWS for improving the services, but you can opt out of having the content stored, used by AI services for improvements. And for this, you have to create an Opt-out policy, which will apply to all member accounts and all AWS regions. So you can opt out of all AI services using this, or you can opt out just for specific AWS services. For example, on the bottom right, I'm opting out of Rekognition and Amazon Lex. These policies can be attached to a Organization Root, specific OUs, or directly in individual member accounts. And then we have backup policies. So backup policies help you define backup plans using AWS Backup. And so we define these backup policies at the organization level with JSON documents and is going to give you granular control over the backing up the resources, such as the frequency, the time window, the backup region, et cetera, et cetera. These can be attached to the Organization Root OU or specific OU or an individual member account. It's an immutable backup plan, so they will appear in the member accounts within AWS Backups, but this is a view-only type of view that can only be managed within the management accounts of your organization. So that's it for all the policies on AWS organizations. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.