Okay, so we reached the end of this section and I wanna give you a quick summary. Now, I know this is quite a heavy section, but you need to know everything in it and this is why I like to start with it because if you're not confident, then at the end of this course, you can revisit the section and hopefully it should make a lot more sense to you. So let's summarize for Identity and Federation. So we have users and accounts that we can manage within AWS, but we can also create these accounts using a organizations. If we wanna go one step deeper, we can use Control Tower to set up securing compliant multi-accounts environments and using guardrails to prevent or to tag non-compliance of some accounts. We can do Federation in many ways. The first one and the older one is using SAML 2.0. But if you don't have SAML 2.0, then you can use a custom identity provider, a broker with GetFederation Token API for STS. And then we have IAM Identity Center to connect to multiple accounts within your organization and also to connect your SAML apps. If you want to do Web Identity Federation the old way you can, but it's not recommended or you can do it the new way using Cognito, that will allow you to also get new features such as Anonymous Mode and MFA. You can also use Directory Services to manage your Microsoft Active Directory. So we have Managed Microsoft AD as a standalone or we can set up a trust with the AD on premises. We'll have MFA, seamless join, and RDS integration. With AD Connector, that allows us to simply proxy request on premises or Simple AD to set up a standalone and cheap AD compatible with AWS. There's no MFA or no advanced capabilities. And finally, if you need to share all the resources within your accounts, then think of using the Resource Access Manager service or RAM. Okay, so to summarize this lecture, what you want to get out is that usually AWS will try to make you lean towards the more modern way of doing things. So SSO is always going to be preferred to doing Federation with SAML 2.0 or Cognito is always going to be preferred than doing Raw Web Identity Federation and so on. So it's important for you to understand all the points in there because the options we'll talk about SAML 2.0 Federation, we'll talk about Web Identity Federation, but also we'll talk about Single Sign On or Cognito. And for you, it's super important to master these services to answer the question correctly, okay? So that's it for this lecture and this section. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.