Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at Databricks notebooks. Databricks offers a Jupyter Notebook environment with additional features to streamline your development work. Essentially, a notebook is a collection of cells that execute commands on a Databricks cluster. Now that we have created our cluster or compute, let's explore working with Databricks notebooks in the workspace. Before we create the notebook, we need to ensure that the cluster is up and running. So let's switch over to the compute section. And as you can see here my cluster is terminated because we terminated the cluster in the last lecture. To start this cluster you'll have to simply click on the play button here. And let me do that. And let me also click confirm here. And while the cluster is starting let's go ahead and create our notebook. Notebooks usually exist under the workspace folder. And there is generally Users and shared folders within the workspace folder and users folder generally contains a folder for each of the users who've got access to this workspace, and the shared folder can be used to share resources or notebooks amongst the users of this workspace. And I'm going to create my notebook under the users folder here. My user is Cloud Box Academy at gmail.com. So I'm going to create a notebook here. But before that I want to keep all my notebooks organized. So I'm going to create a folder for this course. And I'm going to call the folder as Databricks Course. And in order to create the notebook you can simply right click on the folder name and create notebook from here. And you can also go over to the top right menu here and navigate to the notebooks menu and create the notebook from here. So by default, Databricks assigns a name for each of the notebooks. I'm going to change that to something a bit more meaningful. So I'm going to call that as 01. notebooks. Introduction. And as you can see here, the notebook has been given the default language as Python. Here we specify the default language for the notebook. Keep in mind that this default language applies to all the commands in this notebook, unless we override this in individual cells. For this demonstration, let's choose Python as our default language, and I'll show you how to switch to another language for specific cells. So let's leave it as Python for now. To execute commands, the notebook must be attached to a cluster. So let's click on connect and attach to the cluster that we created earlier which is our Databricks course cluster. And as you can see here the first cell itself is a Python cell. So let's type in a Python command This python command simply prints the word hello. You can execute this code in a few different ways. The first option is to run the cell by clicking on the play button here. Or you can use the keyboard shortcuts. For example, Shift Plus enter will execute this cell and then create another cell for you to start writing your next command. Or you can go over to the run menu and select the Run Selected cells, or run all from here. Here we want to execute a specific cell. So we would do run selected cell. Or you can go over to the run All button here and execute all the cells within this notebook. And as I said we got some keyboard shortcuts that we can use to make the developer experience a bit more enjoyable. If you want to see all the keyboard shortcuts, you can go over to the help menu and select Keyboard Shortcuts, and you will see all the commands that you can use. But now let's go back to the cell and execute this cell. I'm going to use Shift Plus Enter to execute this cell. And as you can see here this opens up another cell for us. And it's also executed this cell. You can also create additional cells in a notebook above or below a specific cell by hovering the mouse over like this. As you can see from here, I can create a code or a text cell underneath this cell, or I can create a code or a text cell above this cell as well. So let's say we want to add some documentation to this notebook. You can simply select the text cell from here. And as you can see within within this cell the first command is percentage MD. The percentage MD indicates that this is a documentation cell percentage MD stands for markdown, and that's the only difference between a documentation or a text cell and a code cell. So if you remove that, that becomes a causal. As you can see now it's turned into Python here. But if I put it back, it's going to tell me that it's markdown language. So you can use the markdown language to document your notebook here. For example, you can use the hash symbol to indicate a header. For example this is a header one. So let me type in Introduction to notebooks here. And also let me add some plain text here. So let me execute this notebook I'm simply typing in shift enter. And as you can see we've got the documentation here. The first line is in header format. And the next one is the plain text here like this. You can use the markdown language to document your notebooks to have headers, bullet points, descriptions and images, etc. and also Databricks is made better by adding some of the menu items here. As you can see now, you can use these icons here to add headers bullet points. You can make the text bold, italic, etc. so let's experiment that uh, let's say I want to add the heading with heading type one. So I can simply click that button. And as you can see it's just added a hash. So let me say heading one. And if you want to do header two you can just simply do that. That's two hashes again. So I find it easier to type it in rather than just um uh using the icons here. But it's up to you. And you can use bullet points by using this list here. And as you can see, bullet point is simply a hyphen if you want to use it. And I'll add one more bullet point here and let's execute this. And as you can see, we are starting to build some nice documentation which is going to be helpful for the notebook. So uh, I would encourage you to have a play with all the options you've got available here and also read about markdown language. So it will be easier when you come to document your Databricks notebooks. Now let's move on to the code cell again. Here we only had one line of code, but let's say we had another line of code. Let me type in another line of code. And this statement is going to print by. And if I wanted to execute this cell I would simply execute this command here. Run cell or shift enter. And that will execute both lines or both statements within this cell. But what if I wanted to execute only one statement from this cell? In order to do that, you simply select that statement or that line. And you can go to this drop down here and then click on run selected text or the keyboard shortcut is Ctrl Shift and Enter. Let's execute that. And as you can see, we've successfully managed to execute just that line. And if you want to execute the first line you would simply just do the Ctrl shift enter here and you get the statement executed. And so far we've got only one cell within this notebook. So let's say we want to add another cell. And this time I'm going to print another statement here. And you now know that actually you can execute the shift enter or just by clicking the play button here you can execute this statement. But if you wanted to run the entire notebook you would simply have to click on the run button. And as you can see, that's executed both statements now. And so far we've been dealing with Python here. But let's say we want to have other languages within the same notebook. The default language for us is Python, but we've got something called a magic command that you can use to switch to a different language. So let me add a new code cell here. And as you can see, the default language here is Python. But by clicking here you can change to a different language. So let's say we want to switch to SQL. And now the language on this cell is SQL. But as you can see it's added the first line here as percentage SQL. Percentage SQL or percentage with anything else is called a magic command. So we've used a magic command to switch from our default language of Python to SQL. So if you wanted to switch to Scala, you would simply type in Scala. Or you can use the menu here as well. So as you can see now that's switched to Scala, but you can use the menu to switch as well. So let me do SQL again. So now we are back at SQL. Let's say we want to type in a SQL statement here. And let's try and execute this cell. And as you can see, we've got the table as the result, which is a row set basically. And we've executed that command as a SQL statement. So as you can see it's really easy to mix different languages within a notebook. So that's the power of Databricks notebooks. And it's really cool. And now if you wanted to execute the entire notebook where we've got certain commands in Python, certain commands in SQL, and you could also have certain commands in Scala or another language. And in order to execute the entire notebook, you can simply click on the run button. And that will execute all the cells. As you can see, it's successfully executed all the cells. And we're dealing with different languages within one notebook. And that's the power of Databricks notebooks, which gives you the ability to have a single notebook in which you can have your code written in multiple languages. That's really cool. And let me now take you through the menu options available for you. There are a lot of menu options available. I'm going to give you a couple of examples here. For example, under file you've got the import menu option that lets you import any files or folders from your local workstation or from an URL into this workspace. And you've got the option similarly to export your files or folders into your local workstation, for example. In this case, we've got a Python notebook, so it lets you export that as in IPython format or HTML or source file. Source file normally means it's either dot pi dot SQL or dot scala file. So depending on the type of file we've got here, and there is also the DBC file format which is the Databricks proprietary file format. And let me cancel that. And also you can clone a notebook, for example, if you wanted to create another notebook based on this notebook. You would simply use the clone option there, and edit lets you copy, delete and format files and things like that. The view menu gives you the options for you to be able to view the workspace in the way you want to. For example, if you wanted to change the cell layout, you would simply use the menus under Cell Layout here. For example, if you wanted to see your code and the result side by side, you would simply choose that. As you can see, we've got the code on the left and the results on the right side, but I like to see them in the standard format. So let me put it back to the standard layout here. And the run menu has the menu options available to run and debug the code. And also it's got the clear menu item which lets you clear the state of the notebook. For example, if you have variables being declared, you can just reset them and clear the state of the notebook to its original state. And also you can clear any outputs. For example, in this notebook we've got the outputs here. So if I just simply hit clear state and outputs that will simply clear the outputs from here as well as clear the state. So as you can see, everything is now disappeared and you can do a clean run. So there is also an option to clear the state and run all, uh, cells within this notebook. So I can simply say clear state and run all. So that's now initialized all the variables. And it's going to execute the entire notebook again. And as we saw previously within the help menu, you got the option to see the keyboard shortcuts and things like that. And that's everything about the menu. Again I would encourage you to go through all the menu items available here. But now let's move on to the side menu. This is a new addition to the Databricks notebook interface, but it's really handy because it gives you a lot of benefits. The first one you've got here is table of contents. So if you document your notebook properly with headings and subheadings, the table of contents will be populated properly and you've got the option to navigate to those sections of the notebook using the table of contents. So when you have a large notebook with a lot of code, it will be really easy to use the table of contents to navigate to the section that you want to get to. So documentation becomes really important because it also gives you the ability to access the sections you want to access within the notebook. And the next one you've got here is the workspace menu. So this lets you navigate within the workspace. In the past when you had a notebook, you needed to go to the workspace menu here and come out of the notebook and tell it to navigate to another notebook. But now you can simply navigate within this workspace folder using this workspace menu itself. So it's really easy when you want to switch between two different notebooks. You can simply click on the notebook and then navigate to that. That's really handy and I find it really useful. And the catalog menu here will have all the tables and volumes within your unity catalog and Hive Metastore. And we can navigate to them quite quickly from here. And we'll talk about this later. Similarly, we have a menu at the right side of the notebook. The top one is comments. It's not widely used, but if you're working with someone else and sharing your notebook, you can simply comment on the notebook and they get to see all your comments. And the next one is MLflow experiments. You. You will be able to see any experiments being runs, etc. here and the next one is quite useful. It is version history. So as you go along when you're building your notebook, Databricks takes a version history of what you're doing. It's basically automatically versioning your notebook. And if you wanted to go back to a version at a specific time in the past, you can simply go over to that version. And if you want to restore that, you will simply click here to restore that version. Uh, which is really handy. Uh, but again, uh, it's okay when you're working on a specific notebook, but if you're working in a team, it's encouraged to use git for version control rather than relying on just this version control. So please be aware of that. This is simply version history within your notebooks given out at the box by Databricks. Uh, but if you are using versioning for collaboration, please use something like git. Uh, and don't rely on version history given by Databricks notebooks here. And the next one you've got here is basically variables. So you can see any variables you've defined within your notebooks here. And the next menu item is the environment, but it is specifically for the serverless compute only. And then you've got the assistant here. So if you wanted to ask any questions to the AI assistant you can ask from here, you can access the AI assistant. Not only from here, you can access it from here as well. And also it's available in every notebook cell as well. And on the top you got the option to schedule your notebook using Databricks jobs or lake flow jobs from here. And also, if you wanted to share your notebook with any of the team members, you can simply go over to share, and then you can share with anyone who's got access to this Databricks workspace as well. I hope now you have a good understanding about what Databricks notebooks are. If you haven't understood everything, please don't worry. We are going to go through Databricks notebooks throughout the course, and we'll be creating many of them. And you'll be familiar by the end of this course. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.