Welcome back. In this lesson we are going to look at magic commands. Databricks offers a number of magic commands to help interact with the notebook cells to achieve specific tasks. We've already seen a couple of those in the last lesson, but let me take you through some of the most commonly used magic commands in this lesson. As we saw in the last lesson, the magic commands percentage, Python percentage, SQL percentage, Scala, and percentage R lets you switch the cell to be executed in the respective languages Python, SQL, Scala, and R. This is quite powerful as it lets you create a single notebook with the code written in more than one language. The magic command percentage MD is used to create markdown cells. It allows you to add documentation to your code and also gives heading and structure. You can also add images and links to the code using markdown language. Percentage FS magic command lets you interact with the Databricks file system. This command lets you execute basic file system commands such as listing files, copying files from one folder to another, moving a file from one folder to another folder, etc.. The magic command allows you to run shell commands directly within your notebook. For example, you can look to see all the processes that are running on the cluster and install a new package, etc. using this magic command, the magic command percentage pip or pip is used to manage Python libraries within the notebook environment. You can install Python packages from PyPI or other sources directly into your Databricks notebook environment using the Pip magic command. Finally, the magic command percentage run is used to include or import another notebook into the current notebook. For example, you can define environment variables and common functions in their notebooks and include them in every notebook using the percentage run command, rather than duplicate in the code everywhere. They basically help us modularize the code, avoid any duplication, and keep all the notebooks maintainable. This is one of the most commonly used magic commands in the industry. Let's now switch over to the Databricks Notebook and I'll show you some of these magic commands with examples. Here we are in Databricks Workspace. As you can see, I've created a new notebook for this lesson. And I've called that as two dot magic commands. And the default language of the notebook is Python. I've got some, uh, markdown language or documentation here. And as you know, we've already been through the magic command to switch to different languages as well as the markdown magic command, so we won't repeat them here. Instead, we'll focus on the other four magic commands here. So let's start with the magic command. And as you know, the magic command lets you interact with the Databricks file system, and it starts with the percentage FS. As you know, and now you can type in any file system commands. Let's say I want to list all the files in the home directory. For that I can use LS command and the forward slash to list all the files in the home directory. And as you can see we got the results here. And let's say I want to look at what's inside the Databricks data sets folder here. So let me copy that. And I can simply list all the files within the Databricks datasets. You can either use Dbfs as the prefix here or you can just ignore that. It doesn't really matter. And if I just list all the files there, I would see all the files or folders within that datasets folder. Databricks basically makes a number of datasets available for us to play with or create our own projects. So those are the datasets within this folder. As you can see, we've got some Covid related data. We got some data from airlines, Amazon, uh, bike sharing data, etc. feel free to look at the data and play with them. But we're learning about the file system magic command here. So let's focus on that. So I've used the LS command here. But you can use any file system commands. For example you can use CP to copy a file or a folder from one place to another. Similarly you can use MV to move a file or a folder from one place to another, etc. so you can use any of the file system commands within here. And it has to start with a magic command percentage. FS I've got it in two lines here, but you can even have this in one line, so it will be percentage FS space LS. And then you would just write your folder name folder path there. So both of those versions work in the same way. But what matters is the cell has to start with the magic command percentage FS. So now that we know the magic command percentage FS HDFS. Let's move on to the next one. The next one we want to look at is percentage s.h which is the shell magic command. So using the shell magic command you can run shell commands on your driver node. So let's say I want to see all the processes that are running on the driver node. I can simply start the cell with the magic command percentage s h and I can run any shell commands. So to see all the processes that are running you can run the command PS. So if I run that I'll see all the processes running on the driver node. So as you can see we've got a number of processes running that is raw or sorry R, Python, Java etc.. So that is the magic command. Let's now move on to the pip magic command. As you know, the pip magic command can be used to install Python libraries. so you can change the environment by running Pip command. So you can install any Python library you want from the PyPI or any other source. So let's say I want to see all the Python libraries which are already installed on this environment. In order to do that, I need to start the command pip pip, which is pip and I can run the command list list. As you can see, it's already got all the widely used Python libraries like Seaborn. You would have like pandas, numpy, everything in there. Let's say I want to install a new library. There is a library called faker which lets you create dummy data to test any applications. Let's say I want to install that one. So to install that I would just type in percentage pip obviously. And I would have to do install. And I want to write the library name which is faker in this case. So let's do that. And if I execute that that should install the faker library for us. The next magic command we're going to look at is the percentage run magic command. As we discussed, the Run Magic command lets you include our import another notebook into your current notebook. As we said, this can be used to modularize your code. Let's say we got notebook in which we declare all our environment variables, and then we got some functions as well. And we want to include that in this notebook. We simply have to create that notebook with the environment variables and the functions. And then we can use the percentage run command to include that notebook in this notebook. And also any other notebooks we got. So that means we haven't duplicated the code. We got one notebook which contains the common environment variables as well as any functions. And then you would simply use the run command to include that notebook in any other notebooks you want to. So that's where the percentage run command is useful. In order to demonstrate this, we need to create another notebook which contains the environment, variables and any functions we want to include into this notebook. So let's create that. I'm going to simply right click here and create a new notebook. And let's call this one as 2.1. And I'm going to call this as environment variables and functions. And let's say I want to have environment variable. This is my dev environment. So I'm going to simply hard code that to dev. And let's also add a function as well. Let's say I want to write a function which gives me or which prints me the information about the environment. So I want to see the version of the Python running and the Databricks runtime as well. So I can simply write this code. So this code basically has a function here called print env info. And that has got the Python version and also the Databricks runtime version being printed. Don't worry too much about the code here. We just want to understand how to include one notebook into another. So we got the notebook here. We don't have to execute any of the code here. We can simply run it from the main notebook. Let's now go back to the main notebook which is our magic commands notebook. And let me scroll down. And now we can use the percentage run magic command to include that notebook. It starts with percentage run. And then we need to give a space and we need to give a path of the child notebook. So if you come over to the child notebook and click on the three dots here. And then you can copy the path from here. So copy URL or path. We want the full path. So let's copy the path and then paste it here. Because our notebook has got spaces in the name of the notebook which is the child notebook. We need to enclose the whole thing within double quotes or single quotes. So I'm going to use double quotes there. And if we execute it now, that function and the environment variable we created within the child notebook will be available here. Let's test that. Let me look at the environment variable. So I call that as env. And if I execute this statement I'll see the value. I set the value to dev. And we also had a function within that notebook. So let's call that function to get the environment information which is the Python version and the Databricks runtime version. So that function was called print underscore env info. Let me call that function from here. And that would print the Python version and the Databricks runtime version. So the Databricks Runtime version, as you can see here on the cluster is 15.4. Similarly we've seen that version here. That's cool. So as you can see, we can have any common functions and variables within a notebook. And then we can include that notebook in any number of notebooks you've got within your project. Thus you modularize the code. There is one more thing I want to take you through. As you can see here, we've used the full path, but that's not something you would probably want to do in your production projects, because you might be moving from one environment to the other. You can use the relative paths in order to do that. I'm simply going to take out the path here, and you can simply use dot slash, because we got the child notebook within this folder itself. I'm using dot slash, but if you had it one level up, for example one folder app, you can use dot dot slash to navigate back to another folder. So if you simply execute this that'll execute as well. And let's test the environment variable and the function. Everything works as we expected to. With that, we've learned about most of the magic commands which are commonly used within Databricks notebooks. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.