Welcome back. In this lesson, we'll explore Databricks Utilities. Databricks utilities make it easier to combine different types of tasks in a single notebook. For example, they allow us to combine file operations with ETL tasks. These utilities can only be run from Python, Scala, or cells in a notebook. They cannot be run from a SQL cell. Databricks have been coming up with a number of utilities. Some are in preview and others are generally available. Amongst those, the following are the most commonly used utilities. File system utilities allows us to access Databricks File system from a notebook, and you can use various file system level operations. It's exactly the same as the percentage FS magic command that we saw in the last lesson. But Databricks utilities are more flexible to use than the magic commands. I'll demonstrate that shortly. Secrets utilities allow us to get secret values from secrets stored in secret scoped, backed by Databricks or Azure Key Vault widget utilities allows us to parameterize notebooks so that a calling notebook or another application, for example, Azure Data Factory pipeline, can pass a parameter value to the notebook at runtime. This is really useful to make notebooks reusable. Notebook workflow utilities allow us to invoke one notebook from another and chain them together. This is no longer recommended, and Databricks wants us to avoid this if possible. As Databricks offers another tool called workflows or Databricks workflows, and that's constantly being improved and easier to use. And we can monitor the workflow jobs very easily as well. In this lesson, I'll show you how to use some of these utilities and how to access the documentation for the others. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in Databricks Workspace. As you can see, I've already created another notebook called three dot Databricks Utilities in the same folder. and the default language for this notebook is also Python. You might recall from the last lesson that we use the magic command percentage fs to list the files from the file system. This command lists the files and folders within the Databricks root folder. Behind the scenes. This magic command uses the db utils package, so instead of percentage fs, we can call the db utils fs package directly. Let's see an example. I can rewrite this percentage fs ls slash magic command as db utils. Let's do that and we need to pass in the folder path here. And the folder path has to be passed in with the quotes around it. So I'm going to send slash because we want to look at the root folder. Let me do that. As you can see the db utils fs ls command lists all the files and folders in a specified directory and returns a Python list. As you can see, it's not easily readable. And let me introduce another command here called display, which you can use to visualize this data better. And the display command is the Databricks command which is really useful, but it's only available within the Python, Scala and R cells. You can't use them within SQL cells, and you can simply use that to output your data in a more readable format. Let me use that to wrap around the debug command here. And we should see a table like we're seeing up here. Let's do that. As you can see, the output now is in a more readable format. So now we know both percentage fs and db utils FS package offers the same functionality. So the question would be which one should we use. The answer is the percentage FS magic command is really useful for quick ad hoc file system queries, whereas the DB utils fs command here is useful for programmatic tasks and it's really powerful. Let me show you a simple example. Let's say that we want to look at the folder here Databricks uh hyphen datasets and count the number of files and folders within that folder. So we saw that previously we can use the percentage fs ls command to list all the files within that folder. Let me do that first. So we've got all the files and folders listed here. There are 55 rows. Let's say we want to programmatically go through these items and find the folders and files separately. And just print the count of files and count folders. As you can see here, we've got some folders, the ones ending with a slash at the end or folders, and the ones which don't, or files. For example, we got a README.md file here and we got another file here, and the rest are all folders. I think in order to do that we can use the file system utility db utils. And that returns a list, as you know, so we can use that list and use Python to work on the list. Let's do that. So the debug command has given us a list here. And let's assign that to a variable. So I'm going to call that as items. So we got this variable with the list here. Now I can use simple Python just to go through the list and then count all the items which ends with the forward slash and the ones which don't end with the forward slash. And I can just output the counts. So I've got the code already prepared. So let me paste that and then I'll walk you through that. As you can see here, we just simply going through the items variable here or the list here, and then getting all the ones which are ending with a slash and counting them to populate the folder count. And similarly the rest of the items are counted towards the file count and we simply print them here. So let me execute this statement. And as you can see, we've got total folders as 53 and the total files as two. As you can see, Databricks utilities are really flexible. You can use Databricks utilities together with one of the languages such as Python, Scala or R to process the output from the utilities. I hope you got a good understanding about how to combine the output of Databricks utilities with one of the languages. And now, instead of going through all the other utilities, let me show you how to get help on Databricks utilities so that you can explore them yourself. To view all the available utilities in Databricks, you can simply type in DB utils help. Let's do that. As you can see, there are these many number of utilities and some are marked as experimental and preview, and the others are generally available. To get help on a specific utility, let's say we want to get help on the utility, which is the filesystem utility. You can simply say db utils dot efs dot help again that lists all the methods available within the filesystem utility. As you can see, there are a number of methods available within the filesystem utility. Some are there to mount your filesystem and the others are standard utilities like copy, move and remove, etc.. Let's say I want to get specific help on the CP utility, which is to copy a file from one folder to another. I can simply type in db utils help, and then pass in the method name. Let's do that. There is a typo, so let me just add db utils rather than d utils. And as you can see we've got a description of the method and an example as well. So using that you can work on the utilities. You can look at help for all of the utilities like this. I hope you now have a good understanding about Databricks utilities. And that's the end of this lesson.