Welcome back. As we discussed before, this course is project based and we create an entire project during this course. I strongly encourage you to develop the project yourself, so that you get the best learning out of this course. But in case you get stuck, you may want to refer to My Project Solution. So I have made My Project Solution available for you in both Databricks proprietary file format called DBC and also Python and SQL file formats with the .py and .SQL extensions. In this lesson I'll go through the steps required to import the DBC files and how to use that as part of your learning journey. We'll look at the Python and the SQL files in the next lesson. Databricks allows us to export an entire folder or even a workspace in a databricks proprietary archive file format called DBC. It's really useful because this allows us to have one large file for a backup of an entire project, rather than many individual files for each of the notebooks. You can then import this DBC file into another workspace to recreate the project folder. That's exactly what I have done and attached as resources to this lesson. So let me show you that, in Udemy if you go over to the lesson you will see resources and under that, as you can see I've attached the DBC file here. Let's click download and the file is now downloaded. So let me go over to my folder and as you can see, we've got a file with the DBC extension. Let me show you how to import that. And let me go back to my Databricks workspace. And if you click on the drop down here under workspace and then click Import, we have a choice here to import from a File or from an URL. If you have a file in GitHub or another repository, you can specify the URL here. But in our case we got the file in the Laptop. So I'm going to quickly browse to that file and that's under my downloads folder. So let me pick that and then click Open, and if I click Import it will import the file into my workspace. The file is now imported. And as you can see, the import has created a new folder called Formula1 Project Solutions. Within this, you will see many folders. The folder End of course, contains all the notebooks from the entire project. You might be wondering the reason for these folders underneath. As you can imagine, we develop the project throughout the course and the notebooks are updated as we went along. I thought it might help students to see the state of the notebook for a relevant lesson, rather than a completed notebook. So I have taken backups at various stages of the project. For example, Section-06 will have the files from the end of Section-06. Similarly Section 07-08, will have the files from the end of Section 08. Obviously I haven't got backups from every stage, but I've taken enough backups from stages that I thought were important for you. I hope these files will be useful for you to quickly unblock any issues you may face during the project. Having said that, my recommendation would be for you to develop the solution yourself and use these files only when you get stuck. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.