Next, we have Amazon Personalize, which is a fully machine learning service to build apps with real-time personalized recommendations. So what could be a recommendation? For example, "a personalized product recommendation or re-ranking or customized direct marketing." For example, a user has bought a lot of gardening tools, and you want to provide recommendations on the next one to buy based on a personalization service. So this is the same technology used by Amazon.com. So when you go and shop on Amazon.com and after buying a few products, what you will see is that Amazon.com start recommending products in the same category or in completely different categories based on how you've been searching and how you've been buying and user interest and that kind of things. So Personalize is how you access this from within AWS. So you read your input data from Amazon S3. For example, it could be user interactions, these kind of things. Also, you can use the Amazon Personalize API to have real-time data integration into the Amazon Personalize service. And then this will expose a customized personalized API for your websites and applications, your mobile applications. Also, you can send SMS or emails for personalization as well. So you have all these integrations. It takes days, not months, to build this model. So "you don't need to build, train, and deploy ML solutions." You can just use this bundled as is. And so the use cases is going to be retail stores, media, and entertainment. So from an exam perspective, anytime you see a machine learning service to build recommendations and personalized recommendations, think Amazon Personalize. So let's dive a little bit deeper in Amazon Personalize. So we have recipes in them. And recipes are algorithms that are already implemented in Personalize that are prepared for specific use cases. But you still need to provide the training configuration on top of the recipe to really match your use case. So here are some example recipes you may find in Personalize. First one is to do recommendation of items for users. So they're called the USER_PERSONALIZATION recipes, and the name is User-Personalization-v2. You can also give the ability to rank item for a user. The name of the recipe is Personalized-Ranking-v2. You can also recommend trending or popular items, and we have the Trending-Now and the Popularity-Count. So as you can see, all these things are recommendations. They're personalized for a user. You can also recommend similar items, so it's the RELATED_ITEMS recipe for similar items. You can recommend the next best action. And you can also extract user segments so to get Item-Affinity. And so as you notice, all these things are about recommending something for your users and usually based on the user's preferences. And that's why it's called Personalize. So remember this, "recipes and Amazon Personalize are for recommendations." They're not for forecasting, they're not for anything else but just personalized recommendations. Okay, I've said it enough. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.