So let's practice just using the Comprehend Medical service very quickly, just to show you the capability. We're not gonna spend too much time on it. But you click on launch realtime analysis and it gives you an input text, which is some doctor's notes. So we have a patient to be an 87-year-old woman. And because this is doctor's notes, it could be very compressed. So, "PT is 87 YO." So you see it could be very complicated to understand and to analyze. And then for the meds, again, we have PO, so we don't know what that means, PO QHS. So these are like specific doctor related notes. And then you click on analyze, and Comprehend Medical is going to comprehend exactly what is happening, and to give you the entities. For example, 87 is the age, women is a gender and profession is a high school teacher, and so on. So there are a lot of concepts that are linked together, for example, the symptom is overlapping with today. So it knows the relations as well of all these things together, which would allow you to build your own application down the road. So we know that, for example, this dosage is related to this brand name. And PO is the root or the mode that's again related to this brand name. So this is very interesting, definitely just doctor related stuff. But all of this can be extracted based on different levels of insights. Honestly, I'm not gonna go through all of this because this is way beyond the idea of this course. But you understand that now, using Comprehend Medical, you can analyze medical texts. And if you want to look at Transcribe Medical, it's actually within the Transcribed UI. So you click on it, and then on the left hand side, you have Amazon Transcribe Medical. And this is real time transcription for medical discussions. So I'm not a doctor, I'm a teacher of AWS, so I'm not going to be able to say many interesting things, but for example, I would say, "I have a cough and I think maybe it's COVID-19." And actually it's a cough, not a cuff. But anyways, I can't really speak English for as a doctor. But anyway, here we go. It's been transcribed for me. And you get the idea behind Amazon Transcribe Medical. So that's it, a very short lecture, but I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.