So now let's talk about AWS HealthScribe. So it's HIPAA-eligible service that will automatically generate clinical notes by analyzing patient clinical conversation. So from the audio, you're going to get rich transcripts. You're going to identify speaker roles, classify dialogues, extract medical terms, and generate clinical notes. So you just send the audio into HealthScribe and then it will provide its report to you. So the use cases is to reduce documentation time, to have AI generated transcript and clinical notes, and to have efficient patient visit recap. So to show you HealthScribe, I just click on the region and I choose Northern Virginia, us-east-1, because this is where this is currently available. And then I type HealthScribe. So as you can see, it is right now a Amazon Transcribe feature. So I just click on it. Maybe it'll have its own console someday, but it's here on the bottom left of Amazon Transcribe. And so you can upload an audio, you can customize a vocabulary, you can filter out sentences and then analyze results. But there's a cool demo that you have called Medical Insights. So here you can select one of these audios. So either diabetes or blood pressure. So let's choose diabetes. Then you can have a customization. So if you want to have a custom vocabulary, and we can look at the vocabulary itself. So this is the kind of thing that this phrases should be displayed as something else. And then you can start analyzing. And so this is going to analyze the transcript and then give you the output. So you can see here that the transcript is between the clinician and the patient, and you can see what everyone is saying over time. And you can even play from the audio. The part which is pretty cool. And then you get the insight section. So what is the chief complaint is tiredness. Then you have more clinical stuff that are most likely better understood by doctors than myself. But anyways, it gives you the assessment, the plan. Okay, this is diabetes, so you must do this for the patient, and so on. So that's it. You have a better understanding of how AWS HealthScribe is working. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.