Now let's get into S3 security. And first of all, we're going to look at S3 encryption. And it's good to know, first of all, SSE-S3 which allows you to encrypt S3 objects using keys handled and managed by AWS. Then we have SSE-KMS, where you leverage the KMS service to manage your encryption keys. Why would you do this? Well, first of all, any API call that is done through SSE-KMS will appear as an API call in KMS, and therefore, your key usage appears in CloudTrail, which is very helpful for audit purposes. The second thing is that it's a very good security in case your bucket is made public, because even if an bucket is made public, or an object is made public, and that object is encrypted with SSE-KMS, then it can never be read because a public anonymous user cannot have access to your KMS key. Finally, if you do upload objects with the SSE-KMS encryption scheme, you need to make sure that you have access to the IAM permission, kms:GenerateDataKey, because this is how the data key is being used to upload that object specifically. You also have SSE-C. So, in that example, we want to manage our own encryption keys, but we pass them on to Amazon S3, and the encryption is done server side. Or, if you prefer to manage your own encryption keys and also do the encryption client side, then you use client-side encryption, and therefore you encrypt and your decrypt your data client side. Finally, if you use Glacier, all the data is going to be by default AES-256 encrypted, and the key will remain under the control of AWS. Now, you also have encryption in transit, and in that case Amazon S3 will expose two endpoints. You'll have the HTTP endpoint, which is non-encrypted, and that's not the default one your client use, and the default one used by your client is the HTTPS endpoint to guarantee that you have encryption in flight using SSL or TLS certificates. So you can use whatever endpoint you want, but of course HTTPS is recommended, and it is actually mandatory if you want to use the SSE-C encryption scheme. Finally, if you wanted to force your users to use HTTPS, then you will use a bucket policy, and you will use the condition on the aws:SecureTransport condition. And we're good to go with encryption in flights. Next, we have events in S3 buckets, and so there are multiple ones. The first one is S3 Access Logs, which will give you detailed records of all the requests that are made into a buckets, and it might take hours to deliver and it might be delivered to another S3 buckets, and it might be incomplete. This is from the documentation, this is best effort, but still a really good access log to get into S3. S3 Event Notifications now, which is to retrieve notifications whenever certain events happen in your buckets. For example, new objects are being created, objects are being removed, objects are being restored, or there is a replication event happening, and the destinations of these S3 events can be SNS, SQS queue and Lambda. And so, typically, these S3 event notifications are going to be delivered within seconds, but it can sometime take a minute or two, and you will receive a notification for every single object if you have enabled versioning on your S3 bucket. But if somehow you haven't enabled versioning, and in the very rare occasion that you're doing two writes at the same time on the same object, then you may receive just one notification and not two, and that is outlined in the documentation, but, for the rest, you will receive a notification for every single object inserted into your S3 buckets. Now, for Trusted Advisor, check the bucket permissions. So this will be helpful, for example, to know if your bucket is being public. And you have Amazon EventBridge where you need to enable CloudTrail object-level logging on S3 first and then the target of Amazon EventBridge could be Lambda functions, SQS, SNS, etc, etc. Next, S3 security, how do you secure a bucket? Well, first you have user-based security where you have IAM policies, and by setting up an IAM policy on one of your user, you allow it to access a specific bucket. And you have resource-based policy, which is bucket policies, so this is bucket-wide rules for the S3 console, and we've seen that it's very helpful when we have cross-account access, because it allows the accounts who wants to access the S3 buckets not to assume a role and give up its permissions. Then we have object ACL finer grain, and finally bucket access control list, which is less common, and the exam probably will not talk to you about the ACLs, only talk about the S3 bucket policies because this is the way forward for the exam. Okay, now let's talk about the S3 bucket policies in details. So you should use an S3 bucket policy in order to grant public access to the bucket, or force objects to be encrypted at upload, or grant access to another account, cross-account access, and you can get conditions on many different things, and this is very important to remember those. The first one is SourceIp. So this allows you to have a condition on the public or elastic IP. And we have a second one called VpcSourceIp, which allows you to get a condition on the private IP, but only if you are using a VPC endpoint. But there is another option. It's called Source VPC or Source VPC Endpoint. And this is when you define a VPC endpoint, we saw this in the next slide or the one after, and this is very helpful when you have a private access to your S3 buckets and you want to say, okay, only IP coming from this VPC endpoint or this VPC are allowed. But again, this is not by IP, this is by VPC or VPC endpoint. Okay. Then we have CloudFront Origin Identity. So it's possible to have a condition on saying only a CloudFront distribution with an origin identity is able to access my S3 bucket policy. And finally, you can have conditions on multifactor authentication. If you wanna see many different S3 bucket policies, please use this link and have a look, learn a little bit more, if these are not very familiar for you. So now pre-signed URLs, what are those? You can generate pre-signed URLs using the SDK or the CLI. And this for downloads or for uploads, they are both valid. And the idea is that you sign these URLs with your IAM credentials. And so whoever has this pre-signed URL has exact same right that you were given when you created that pre-signed URL. It's valid for a default of one hour, but you can change the timeout with the expires-in arguments, and users will inherit the permission of the person who created or generated the URL for GET or PUT, GET is for download and PUT is for upload. So when we do use pre-signed URLs? We will use them, for example, if we want to allow logged-in users to only download a premium video on your S3 buckets on demand, or allow an ever-changing list of users to download files by generating URLs dynamically. Also, if you want to allow a user to upload a file temporarily to a very precise location in your bucket, and then make sure they don't have any rights after this. Okay, so now let's talk about VPC Endpoint Gateway for S3. So let's say you have a VPC and, in it, you have an EC2 instance, it's in the public subnet, and it wants to access an S3 bucket. Now the S3 bucket has a public access and, therefore, you need to go through an internet gateway for the EC2 instance to get a public IP, go through the internet gateway and then get access through the public internet to the S3 bucket. Now, the S3 bucket can have a bucket policy, and we can filter, have a condition for the bucket policy by using AWS:SourceIP, and this must be a public IP or an elastic IP, which are public by the way. That's option one. Option two is we have a instance in a private subnet, and we want to access the S3 bucket policy. Now, there's a way where we could have this private instance go through a net gateway in this public subnet, go through the internet gateway and then go through the public route. So you go shoop like this up and then right, but there is a better way, right? Because here you go through the public internet, and you access your bucket publicly. Another way to do this is to use a VPC Endpoint Gateway. And you define this VPC Endpoint Gateway, and then all the traffic remains on the AWS network. It stays private. And now the idea is that you can access your S3 bucket directly through this VPC endpoint, and if you wanted to use an S3 bucket policy, you could have two conditions. The first one is AWS:SourceVpce, where you can specify one or few VPC endpoints that is allowed to go through to this buckets, or AWS:SourceVpc to encompass all the possible VPC endpoints that belong to a specific VPC. And so these will be the two very important conditions to remember for your S3 buckets. Number one is SourceIP, which is for public IP, and the second one is SourceVpc or SourceVpce, when you have a VPC endpoint to access your S3 buckets. I hope that makes sense and I hope this diagram is something that sheds a lot of lights on these S3 bucket policies and networking conditions. Okay, finally, for S3 security. So let's talk about Object Locks and Glacier Vault Lock. So they're very similar. S3 Object Lock allows you to adopt a WORM, so write once, read many model, which is to block an object version deletion for a specified amount of time. So you have the certainty that will never, ever, ever be deleted. It's the same for Glacier Vault Lock, where you adopt the same model, and you lock the policy for future edits, so that it can no longer be changed and any object put into Glacier will never ever be deleted, which is extremely helpful if you have compliance and data retention requirements, and you need to prove these to auditors, then it's a great way to show that, because you've set up a Object Lock or a Glacier Vault Lock, then the object will never ever be deleted. So very simple, take an object, put it in the vault and lock that vault, and the object can never ever be deleted. So that rounds up everything for S3 security. So there should be a lot of things that you already knew, but probably one or two new things in there. And remember, going into the exam, the very important things is all about the details. So everything I'm saying about the details is what you should be paying attention on. Alright, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.