Next, we're getting into DDoS attacks. So DDoS stands for Distributed Denial of Service. It's a way to basically shut down an instance by making it sure it cannot accept any new traffic effectively making it useless and so your users cannot access your application anymore. So the way it works that you have an attacker and you have the application server, and the attacker through some various techniques, that we'll not get into, will be able to have a bunch of computers that are going to be masters and they're going to create bots and the bots will be a lot of them and all the bots are going to get into requesting stuff from our application server in very bad ways, non-conventional ways, and so the application server is overwhelmed, it doesn't know how to respond to this request. It's going to try as best as it can, but it's gonna be very soon overwhelmed and then it will be just done and so there will be a denial of service. And so your normal users cannot access your application server because it does not respond anymore to normal requests. It's very dangerous, but it's very common on the internet. And so there are different types of attacks on your infrastructure. There is DDoS and so it's when your service isn't available because it's receiving too many requests at a high level. So there's different ones. There's SYN Flood, which is a layer four type of attack when there's too many TCP connection requests happening. There's UDP Reflection where other servers can send a big UDP request to our server. DNS flood attack, where we overwhelm a DNS so that users cannot query our DNS service and then can't find our website, which is bad. Then the Slow Loris attack, where a lot of HTTP connections, so it's layer seven, are opened and maintained and our server is trying to maintain all of them. The threads are being overwhelmed and the server is useless. Then there's application level attacks which is more complex, more specific and you need to understand how the target application works to make it an application level attack. And so before it was network based attack, now it's application level. And so you have some things such as case bursting strategy to overload the backend database with a request to invalidate the cache or you request too many things or you send too many big packets. It just depends on your application and the kind of security holes your developers may have introduced while programming your application. Okay, so how do we get protected from DDoS and these application level attacks on AWS? Well, first for DDoS, there is AWS Shield Standard, and it's to protect against DDoS attacks for your websites, applications, for all customers at no additional cost. So by using AWS, you are somewhat protected, thanks to Shield Standard enabled by default against some DDoS attacks. Then you have Shield Advanced, which gives you 24/7 premium DDoS protection and we'll see in details what that means in the next slide. You have WAF or Web Application Firewall, and this is not specifically for DDoS but it can help you filter specific requests based on rules. So for example, you can say if the request is more than five megabytes, then drop it right away because it looks like a bad request. So WAF is more against application level protections but it can still help you filter some specific requests based on rules and helps you survive a DDoS attack. We have CloudFront and Route 53 which by default have Shield enabled and they will give you availability protection by using a global edge network. So attacking CloudFront and Route 53 is a lot of work. And combined with Shield, it provides DDoS attack mitigation directly at the edge of your network. So the traffic never really makes it through to your core application in one region. And finally, in case the traffic does reach your applications, then a very good way to protect yourself is to be ready to scale. So you need to leverage AWS Auto Scaling, such as if some of your servers are overwhelmed that means your at least CPU is skyrocketing close to 100%, then Auto Scaling will kick in and create more instances and so it's going to become more expensive for your attacker to attack these new instances. Obviously it's gonna be more expensive for you but you're having some kind of protection against these attacks. And then finally, it's a very good idea to separate static resources and distribute them through S3 in CloudFront which is visually very very safe and stable from a DDoS, from dynamic request which are going to be usually smaller requests and that you can handle for your REST API on EC2 and ALB. If you're more interested into DDoS protection as a whole, I'd recommend this white paper right here. Okay, so as a sample architecture to protect yourself against DDoS, you have the DNS service Route 53 that is protected by Shield by default. Then you have your application distributed by CloudFront where Shield is again enabled by default and you can set up a Web Application Firewall on your CloudFront distribution to protect yourself. Finally, if the traffic does make it through, then on your load balancer you also have Shield. And then if your application makes you through to your Auto Scaling group, then it's able to scale over there and make sure it can handle the extra bits of traffic from the DDoS attack. Now let's get into Shield. So Shield has two level of service. Shield Standard is free and it's activated for every customer and ON by default. And it will provide you protection from SYN attacks, UDP Floods, Reflection attacks and other layer three or four type of attacks. Very very good. Shield Advanced is for more enterprise customers. It's an optional DDoS mitigation service. It's going to cost you $3,000 per month per organization and you're going to be protected against more sophisticated attacks on your EC2 instance, ELB, CloudFront, AWS Global Accelerator and Route 53. On top of it, if you do experience a DDoS, then you have 24/7 access to the AWS DDoS response team, the DRP. And on top of it, if you incur higher fees because you are scaled up with Auto Scaling because you have more requests going into your network, more bandwidth, then you are protected against these higher fees, thanks to the Shield Advanced sort of insurance that you took. So it's very important for you to understand the difference between these two and understand which one to use in the exam. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.