So, here is another feature we've been using in IAM without really knowing it, but it is crucial to understanding AWS. So when we configured many AWS services, we gave them IAM roles and for this the keywords that we passed IAM roles to them. And this was done, usually, when we set up a service the first time. So then the service, once it has an IAM role, it can assume the role and perform the actions it needs. So when we pass a role to another service, well, for example, when we created an EC2 instance role and assigned it to the EC2 instance we actually passed that role. Or to a Lambda function where we created an IAM role and then we passed it to learn the function so that it could, for example, call Amazon S3 or an ECS task or when we passed a role to CodePipeline, to allow it to invoke other services. So all in all, when we want to pass a role to another AWS service we need the IAM permission called iam:PassRole and often this comes with another permission called iam:GetRole to view the role being passed. So the key here, though, is that to pass a role to another service you need the IAM pass for all permission. So concretely what does an IAM policy look like? Well, it looks like this. So this IAM policy, if it was assigned to me, allows me to do anything I want on EC2 such as creating instances, terminating them etc. etc., but the second part of the statement allows me to pass a role, and that role is called S3Access. So that means that the only role I can assign onto my EC2 instances is this one S3 access role. And so for this I need the action iam:PassRole to do it. So the question is, can any role be passed to any service? And the answer is no. Roles can only be passed to the services based on what their trust allows, and so a trust policy for a role is an indication to say to which service can assume that role. So here is a normal IAM role, so this is a trust policy for an IAM role. And this is saying that only the EC2 service, so this is in the principal service EC2, only this EC2 service has the trust to allow to assume that role and so we've been using this without knowing in the IAM policy, so let's have a look. But in IAM I go to roles and we can see here there's a role name and here there is a trusted entity, and so this allows a specific service to assume that role. So, for example, if we look at this AWS CodePipeline service and we open it we can see the permissions we have allowed on this CodePipeline service they're here in JSON, but the second time in here is called Trust relationships and this trust relationship is a policy document. So I'll click on Show policy document and this is the trust policy which allows the CodePipeline service to assume that role. So this is why here you see that the trusted identity providers are codepipeline.amazonaws.com, so this is the whole idea behind trust policy. But, you can have a look, there is a list of all the trusted entities in here. So if I scroll down, for example, and look at my Lambda functions so if I go to Lambda and look at lamda-dynamodb-demo-role, so this has a bunch of policies, but if I go to the trust relationship we can see the trust providers is lambda.amazonaws.com, which is, if I look at the JSON document, something like this. So that's it, this was the behind the scenes. So, again, to pass a role we first need to create the correct trust relationship, to allow the target service to assume it, and then finally we need to have the iam:PassRole permission to pass the role onto the target service. So that's it for me. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.