So let's create a function and I will call this one lambda-demo-url. And then we can choose Python 3.9 and then we can create this function. So now the function is created, I can just click on Test and then we have a new Test Event. We save this, we add a name, test, and Save. And as you can see, if we test this function right now, the response is status code 200, body, Hello from Lambda. So this is good. This is exactly what we want. This returns on HTTP-like response. And what we want to do, is to now publish this. So we're going to publish this new version. I'll call this one version 1, so we have version 1. And now what we should do is that we create an alias and we create this alias, and I'll call this one, dev and let's save this. So dev points to version 1. And now I'm going to scroll down. And as you can see here, Function URL is empty. And on the left-hand side, there is Function URL that you can select and you click on Create Function URL. Here, we specify the authentication type. So we have IAM or NONE. So we'll use NONE and we'll need to make sure that we have the proper resource policy. And as you can see, there is this, that gets automatically created, which allows anyone to access our Lambda Function URL of AuthType, NONE, which is good. And then also, if you wanted to, we could configure CORS, Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, right here, to say which origins we want to allow, which headers we want to expose, and so on. And this is CORS specific configuration, but we won't need it right now. So we're good to go. We have this new Resource Policy that gets attached to our function, and now we have a Function URL and this will remain the exact same URL forever, for this alias, dev. So if I open a new tab and then paste this in, as you can see, I get the response, Hello from Lambda. And the fancy thing you see right here is just my web browser displaying some extra stuff. But as you can see, it says Hello from Lambda. And so that worked. And so we were able to access our Lambda Function publicly, through a URL. Other things to note is that if I, for example, go back to my Lambda function, so I go back to my Lambda Function and I'm going to look at Aliases right here. So I am on version 1 and if I click on version 1 and I try to go to Function URL, as you can see, it says you can only add a Function URL to unpublished function versions or an alias. So we can go to the unpublished version, which is latest. And in latest, I can also, if I wanted to, create a Function URL, which would allow people to access my latest Lambda version. Okay, so we've seen how Functions URL work. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.