Now let's talk about AWS Signer. So it's a fully managed Code-Signing service that ensures trust and integrity of your code. So the way you do it is that you will have a Code-Signing certificate public and private key, and then you will use them to sign your code. So the code is going to be validated against a digital signature to confirm that the code is unaltered and from a trusted publisher. So how does that work? We create a signing profile in AWS Signer. We send the code, and then the code is going to be signed thanks to cryptographic operations. Once it is signed, then it can be verified as trustable. So there is a Code-Signing feature for AWS Lambda. The way it works is that before we upload packages to Lambda we digitally sign them, and then this will enforce that only trusted code that had been signed from us will be executed on our Lambda functions. This is only supported for Lambda as code but not for Container Lambda functions. So once this code is signed, as I said, you can deploy it on Lambda, and you have the guarantee that Lambda only run trust code, trusted code, which is very important for enterprises. You also have Code-Signing capability for AWS IoT. So again, you would sign and create code for IoT and Amazon FreeRTOS, and it is integrated with ACM to generate and import these signing certificates. You can also Revoke Signing Profile. So once you, for example, want to revoke a trust on someone or something, you can revoke the signature of a Lambda deployment package to invalidate it, and then Lambda will fail the signature checks and then it will not run this code. So you can either revoke individual signatures by using the RevokeSignature API call, or you can revoke a Signing Profile using the RevokeSigningProfile API call. And this is only something you should use in critical scenarios, because this is an irreversible type of operation. So if there's a signature you wanna revoke, just as an admin you use the RevokeSignature API. This Lambda function then will not be able to use any code signed with this signature because, well, the signature check will fail. So that's it for AWS Signer. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.