So now let's talk about Amazon Redshift security. And first, when you talk about the database hierarchy, so we have superusers in Redshift and they have the same permissions as the database owners for all databases. So for example, a superuser is the admin user, which is created automatically when you launch the Redshift cluster. To create superusers, you must be a superuser. Then we have users. Users can only be created and dropped by a superuser and users can own databases and database objects such as tables. So the users can be granted permissions on these objects and they can also grant permission to other database users, groups, and schemas. The users will be granted permissions in two ways, either explicitly by having those permissions directly assigned to the account to the user, or implicitly, by being member of a group that is granted permissions. So this should be of no surprise and everything should make sense so far. Then we have groups. So a group is a collection of users that can be collectively assigned permissions. It's very good once you want to have streamlined security maintenance. You have databases. A database is a collection of one or more schema. And so when a user creates a database, the user becomes the owner of the database. The superusers though, will have also rights on the database because they are admins. Then what is schema? A schema is a collection of database tables and other database objects. So schema is used to group these objects under a common name and then users can be granted access to a single schema or multiple schemas. So if we have a look, again as a diagram, we have the superusers of our Redshift cluster. We have several users that can be separated or grouped together. And then we have databases that can be created by users that will be the owner of this database. And within it we have schemas and in schemas you may have tables and other things. So hopefully this diagram makes sense and puts everything in perspective. Now, how do we do authorization within the database in database security? So the users commonly use a login to login into your database. It's a username and a password. And you also have the option to not use this and instead to use IAM credentials to allow users to connect to your database. So very similar to RDS, there is a GetClusterCredentials API operations to obtain temporary database user credentials. So if a user has proper IAM permissions, then they can login as an existing database user and then you'll get a temporary username and password. And so we'll get the credentials, we'll get the temporary credentials out of it, and then we can connect to our Redshift cluster. So this is to simplify security. And then once you have temporary user credentials for an existing database user, we can choose to disable the user's password to force log in using the temporary password and therefore force IAM security. And alternatively, if you don't have the user that already exists, you can use the GetClusterCredentials Autocreate option to create a new user database every time you connect. If you want to create a read only user, you would add this user to a group that has read only privileges for the specified schema of your database. But you still need to initially specify all of the schema names and then modify the group for any new schemas you may create. So that's it for Redshift permissions. Hopefully that makes sense and that may be one question at the exam maybe. So I don't wanna spend too much time on it but I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.