So congratulations on making it this far. Now that you've seen everything there is to know about exam content, now let's talk about exam preparation. So I always like to do a little state of learning checkpoint to see how far we've gone and usually to have a look at the exam guide on the certification exam page. So here I am on the certification page. And I'm going to scroll down. And I'm going to look at the exam guide right here, and open it as a new tab. So this is the exam guide for the Certified AI Practitioner course and we're just going to review this together to make sure we have the same understanding about the exam. So this course is about demonstrating overall knowledge of AI and ML and you're going to be tasked to understand AI, ML, generative AI concepts, understand the appropriate use of AI, and determine the correct type of AI technologies to apply for specific use cases and how to use all these things responsibly. So, of course, they will always say something like the target candidate should have up to six months of exposure to AI and ML technology. But this course is definitely about giving you that exposure, so no worries here if you just started with AI. But you don't need to know how to build AI and ML solution areas. This is a beginner certification. Now, there is a recommended AWS knowledge, so familiarity with the core AWS services such as EC2, S3 Lambda and SageMaker, but also the shared responsibility model, Identity and Access Management for securing access, the global AWS infrastructure and the different service pricing models. And we've seen most of those already. So stuff that is out of the scope is how to develop AI models, how to do data engineering or feature engineering techniques, how to actually do hyperparameter tuning and so on. So all these things that give you an overview about, but I didn't tell you how to do it. This is reserved for another kind of certification such as the Machine Learning Engineer Associate certification. Now, the exam content has different question types. We have multiple choice where one is a correct response and three incorrect. Multiple response, so you must correct all the responses that are correct to receive the credit for the questions. And it tells you how many you should check. Ordering, where you need to order responses based on what the question is asking you. And you receive credit only for the correct complete order. Matching, to match pairs to questions. And case study, where you have two or more questions about one specific case or scenario. And so that means you don't have to read the question again and again, the case study gives you overall background. So all these are new types of questions for these ones compared to the traditional traditional AWS exams. They probably will at some point roll into the main other exams, but this is nice to see that AWS is evolving their exam. Now, there are 65 questions when you pass the real exam, but the beta exam will have more questions. Out of the 65 questions, 50 questions will affect your score, but you don't know which ones they are. And 15 questions are unscored. They do not affect your score and you do not know which one they are. This is when AWS is trying to estimate the quality of new questions they want to enroll into their exam because the questions are changing all the time, but I keep up with them and always the course when that's the case. Okay, so it's a pass or fail exam. You get a score between 100 to 1000, and the minimum is 700 as it's passing score. You will know how you passed, but you don't know exactly how you scored for each category and you definitely do not know which question you were right and which questions you were wrong, okay? So they're weightings based on domains. So 20% goes towards Fundamentals of AI and ML, 24% goes for the Fundamentals of Generative AI, 28% towards the Application of Foundation Models, so as you can see, gen AI and FM do have a big part of the exam, 14% for Responsible AI, and then 14% for Security, Compliance, and Governance for AI Solutions, which is great. Okay, so here we get some more understanding about each domains and different tasks, so I invite you to have a look at it. I made the course very extensive. If something is not exactly covered by the course it's intended, I only really cover what's at the exam. Sometimes the exam guide is a little bit broader to make you go see more things, but really I'm 95% there if anything. And, of course, if I see something appearing at the exam, I will for sure update the course, and you're good to go. So this is a constant process that I've been doing for many, many years. But you can have a look at it. It's important to, for you to to say, "Check, check, check. Yes, Stephane, makes sense about this." And if something doesn't exist, for example, if you don't understand tokens, chunking or embeddings, go back to the relevant lecture for this, okay? You don't have any penalty points for actually answering a question incorrectly, so you need to answer all the questions, no matter what. And, of course, try to manage it within your time. But this is an exam that should give you ample time to answer all the questions, so have a read through all of these. And then we have the appendix. And this is where you have in-scope services and features. Now, you have a list of things that may appear at the exam, but, to be honest, some of these things will never be the correct answers or never actually not in-scope. So for example, I know for sure that the Data Exchange, EMR, Glue, DataBrew, Lake Formation, most likely will not appear. They're trying to make them appear here because they're data services, but they're not the scope of the exam. Really, what I teach is usually the scope of the exam. Yet, you will see a bit more services than you're used to in these lectures, okay, so don't freak out if you don't see everything, but hopefully most of it is covered by me. And they also give you out-of-scope services and features. But again, per my experience, this is usually for the in-scope a little bit wider than what is necessary and I make sure the course allows you to pass, so that's my promise to you. So have a look through the exam guide. It's 90 pages long right now. And it's quite helpful to feel confident, but from a preparation standpoint, you should be good to go. Okay, so that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.