So let's get started and really understand what IAM policies are made of. And we're going to do a deep dive in this section to really understand the structure of identity and access management. So we have an IAM policy and you've seen more than one I hope, in your AWS journey. The first line corresponds to the policy language version and you always include 2012-10-17. Then you have the policy identifier. This is optional just to name your policy. And then you have several statements in your policy, one or more. Each statement may also have a statement identifier. This is optional. And then it effects whether the statement is going to be allowed or denied. Then we have the principle and the principle represents the accounts, the user or the role to which this policy applies to. And then we have the list of the action that the policy will allow or deny. Then we have the resources that this policy is being applied to. And finally a condition that applies to the statement itself. And that's an optional block. So we are going to deconstruct all of this, see the different kind of options we have for pretty much everything in this. And by the end you should be very comfortable with IAM policy because they do come up quite a lot in the exam. So first of all, we've seen action and allow but there's something called NotAction. So when you have a NotAction, you provide access to all the actions in service except for the action specified in NotAction. So if we have this statement right here we have effect allow, NotAction, IAM star. That means that we allow everything but IAM. So we can allow S3, we can allow DynamoDB and so on because that's not IAM but IAM is not explicitly allowed in this. Just so you note, there is no deny statement. So we just allow everything but IAM. But it doesn't mean that we deny IAM. That means that in this one statement we don't authorize IAM. Next we can use also the resource element to provide a scope for the policy, therefore, limiting the actions to specific resources. So for example, here we have effect allow, NotAction delete bucket, resource the bucket itself. So that means that here we can do any kind of API calls on this bucket except the S3 delete bucket API. So it's very important for you to understand this kind of things because the NotAction does come up in the exam. Next we have the NotAction with deny and you use the NotAction with a deny statement to deny access to all the resources except the one that you've listed in the NotAction element. So this can be confusing and we'll have a look at this policy in a second. But what you do is that instead of explicitly allowing stuff, you explicitly deny all the actions that are not listed in this policy. But you must still allow explicitly the other actions you want to allow if an explicit allow is needed. So if we look at this policy right here, we have effect deny, NotAction IAM. So we deny everything that is not IAM, resource star when, so we deny everything that is not IAM when the multifactor is not present. So that means that we don't allow user to do anything on AWS if they're not using MFA. Except IAM because well to authenticate with IAM and get the MFA you need to have actually no MFA present because you're about to acquire it. So this policy itself is allowing the fact that we only want to allow the users to have MFA present when dealing with AWS. And if they don't connect with MFA then they cannot use AWS. Hopefully that makes sense. Now we have NotAction, too, also, for example, restrict to one specific region. So here we deny everything outside of EU Central One. The effect is deny and the NotAction is CloudFront. IAM, route53 support where the string is not equals to the requested region being EU central One. So that means that we deny anything outside of EU Central one. And the reason why we have CloudFront, IAM, route53, and support in the NotActions is that these services are in US East One because there are global services. Also, for example, we can deny everything outside of EU Central One except Amazon S3 by having effect deny NotAction S3 star. So we deny everything but S3 where the requested region is equal to, not equal to, sorry, EU Central one. So this can be confusing, but as you start reading these policies, hopefully that should make a lot more sense. So let's go into these things. So action and action allow deny. So we have this kind of board and it's good to see in the very simple case what's happening. So if we have allow IAM star, we allow IAM, simple. If we have allow NotAction IAM star, then we allow anything but IAM. We have deny IAM star. So that means that we deny IAM and if we have deny IAM star we deny anything that is not IAM. And it's very important for you to understand that an explicit deny and an explicit allow are different. So now let's talk about principle options in IAM policies. So we have the AWS account and the Root User and they have this form. So the principle is AWS this, or the principle is AWS this. They are equivalent, they just represent the account and the Root User. Now for IAM roles, you just have an arn that is equal to a role itself. That's pretty explicit. And then you have role sessions. So this is when you have assumed roles that come from IAM or Cognito identities or SAML providers. You also have IAM users. So IAM users represent an arn of a user. Federated User Sessions where the user says federated user and specific AWS Services. So you'll see principle and then service and then you'll have the name of the service. You usually see those in the trust policies of IAM, for example. And finally, to allow everything we've seen principle star or principle AWS star, these are equivalent. Okay. So that's it for this first part on IAM policies. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.