So, now let's talk about IAM Roles Anywhere. So, the idea is that you want to attach IAM roles to your workloads within AWS, but also to workloads outside of AWS with temporary credentials. So for example, you have an on-premises server or you have containers, applications or multi-cloud workloads, anything that runs outside of AWS cloud. So, the idea is that you want to share the same IAM Roles and Policies for both the inside and outside workloads of AWS for management purposes and for security purposes. This guarantees that you don't need to store and manage long-term AWS credentials. For example, AWS Access Keys on on-premises servers. And traditionally, this is what you had to do before the feature of IAM Roles Anywhere. So, how does that work? Well, we're going to create a Role A that we want to give the on-premises server A access to. And this Role A is going to have a profile. And so this is going to define the permissions. So, we're going to create an AWS Private CA or Certificate Authority, and we're going to have a, establish a trust between the IAM Roles Anywhere and this Private CA. This allows us to generate certificates. And so we are going to generate a certificate from this Private CA and we're going to store this certificate directly onto the on-premises server A. Now everything is in place because thanks to this certificate and using the right API calls directly into IAM Roles Anywhere, the on-premises server will be able to prove its identity to the AWS cloud and then assume a role and therefore endorse the permissions of the role. And will be able to access the bucket A it has access to. If you have another on-premises server, the best practice is not to reuse the same certificate, but instead to generate a new certificate, again from the Private CA called Certificate B. And this is going to, again, assume another role, Role B, and then from there access another bucket. And of course, because you use AWS permissions, the on-premises server A cannot access Role B and the permissions of the Role A cannot access Bucket B. So, you have full separation of identities and, as well, security. So, what's the difference you say, for example, between using IAM Users and IAM Roles Anywhere for on-premises server access to AWS? Well, traditionally you only had to use IAM Users. The idea is that you would create access keys and these keys really, they never expire. You can make them expire in AWS, but it's not the default. These keys can also get leaked. For example, someone will post the keys on GitHub, logs or backups. And rotating this key can be very painful. Auditing is super messy, and actually IAM Users are made for users, indeed, real human users. Instead, we use IAM Roles Anywhere and we're going to use the X509 certificates coming from this Private CA, and this certificate is the identity proof that the server claims it is who it claims to be. So, you get temporary credentials by using the correct STS API call. These credentials expire automatically, so after one year, for example, they'll be gone. And in case you want to expire the certificate, you can rotate it after expiration, or you can also manually expire certificates from within the Private Certificate Authority. And this solution is made for on-premises servers or really anything that is outside of AWS. So, that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.