So we're still talking about STS and now we're talking about security of the AssumeRole API. So when you're using the AssumeRole API, you have the option to pass in what's called an external ID. And this external ID has a purpose. It's a security mechanism. When you have a external ID in the AssumeRole IAM policy, then the role can only be assumed if the API call made it to assume that role also contains the external id you have defined, for example, in this example 56789. It solves what's called the Confused Deputy problem. And this problem I'm going to explain you in the next slide. This prevents you from having any other customer from tricking, for example, a 3rd party into accessing your resources. So it's quite confusing, I know, but hear me out. So let's say, for example, that you have a deputy and it's a 3rd party account and you give access to the deputy to your account. For example, it needs to be able to manage resources in your accounts. So your accounts may have an IAM role and use this IAM role trust the 3rd party to assume that role. Now, an IAM user that's, for example, we're not using external ID for now, we does not pass external id. You're going to tell the deputy, "Hey, please assume my role here is the role ARN." And then the deputy is going to assume the role and then access the role and your resources within your account. And we're very happy, right? But there's a catch with this. If you have another account, another AWS account, that is going to tell the deputy, hey, can you access my ARN role, but this time the ARN is not coming from its own accounts coming from our accounts, the example ARN, then the deputy is going to assume the role and access the resources. And so you may say in which type of use case can this be exploited? Well, imagine that the deputy, for example, is a software as a service company and the software's service company has access to many different accounts to perform its roles and its job functions. And let's say I am a user. And I guess what is your IAM role in your accounts? Because I know your account ID and I know your role name. Then I will connect to this software as a service and I will pass in your ARN, and click on connect. And then the SAS will give me access to your account. This is obviously not something you want, right? So this is what's called the confused deputy. And so what's going to happen is that we're going to use external ID to fix that problem. So here the deputy is also going to generate an external id, for example, 5678 for our accounts. And so the IAM role is going to be edited so that the IAM role trusts the third-party only if the external ID is equal to 56789. So in the use case of what we did before, we're going to also use our own external ID because we know it. So we can do the AssumeRole with the proper external ID and then we're good to go. But if the other account, which has its own external ID, by the way, is trying to guess our ARN, it doesn't know our external id so it's going to pass a random external ID or its own and then we're not going to be able to assume that role. So this external ID is going to be generated by the deputy and then you add it in your trust policy of the IAM role and it will solve this confused deputy problem. So hopefully that makes sense and this will allow you to answer maybe one exam question. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.