So now let's discuss how authorization is working for Amazon S3. And that can be quite complicated, but this is just general rule and then we'll drill down into some use cases. So first we look at the user context. Is the IAM principal authorized by the parent accounts? Does it mean for example, that it has the correct IAM policy. And if the parent owns the bucket or the object, because you should know that you have different level of ownerships within buckets and we'll talk about those in details as well. So if the parent owns the bucket or the object, then the bucket policy or the object ACL is going to be evaluated. And we'll see that ACLs are deprecated but still worth mentioning in this lecture. Now, if the parent owns the bucket and objects, it can grant permission to its IAM principals using Identity-Based Policy or Resource-Based Policy. We'll have a look at this to see the distinction between buckets and objects not owned by the account owner. Next we have the bucket context. So we're going to evaluate the policies of the account that owns the bucket. We're going to check for an explicit deny. And then we have the object context. So we're going to look at the requester. Does it have the permissions from the object owner? So two cases. If the bucket owner is also the object owner, then the access is granted using a bucket policy and that's the most common use case we've seen so far. Or if the bucket owner is not equal to the object owner then the access is granted using object owner ACL. So to simplify things, because ACLs are quite complicated, as you can see the rules are very, very difficult to understand, AWS has created a setting called Bucket Owner Enforced Setting for Object Ownership. That means that the bucket owner and the objects are the same. And then if you do this, then the ACLs applied to the bucket or the objects are not editable anymore and they're no longer considered for access, which simplifies a lot of the authorization flow. Still, I'm gonna show you everything with diagrams so you can understand these rules. And just remember SCLs are somewhat out of the picture so they can be not considered, but as a security specialist you should still know about them. So let's take an example of an IAM user. It makes a request. So we look at whether or not we are a user or a role. Yes, we are a user. So we'll look at the user context. And we'll look at whether or not the IAM policy authorizes us to access the object in Amazon S3. If no, well, access denied. If yes, then we go into the bucket context. Now we'll look at the bucket owner and we'll look at if there is an explicit deny. If there is, then of course we deny it. If not, then we look at the object context, and here we look at the authority assigned by the object owner. And the object owner, if it has unauthorized the access, then denied. If yes, granted. And if we are just not looking at an IAM role or user, then we go straight into the bucket context. So this is for example, if you have like public access. So this is the theory. Now let's go into some practice with three accounts. Why three? Well, in this example, we have a user in account one, a bucket in account two, and the accounts that owns the object inside of the bucket is account three. It's a edge use case, but you need to understand it to really understand how things work. And then we'll go into more simple use cases. So here in this case, S3 is going to verify that first Jill has the correct permissions to perform the requested operation. That makes sense. Then S3 is going to evaluate the bucket policy to determine if the bucket owner has explicitly denied Jill access to the objects. So if there is no bucket policy that explicitly denies Jill, then we move on. And then we will evaluate the object ACL to determine if Jill has the proper permission to access the object. And so that means that account three should have authorized account one to access the object. So in this use case, as you can see, we have three different accounts, but in the case where the account two is also the account three, then ACLs are out of the picture. And the only thing that can be considered is the bucket policy. Finally, to understand how authorization works in Amazon S3, we must talk about bucket operations versus object operations. So if we look at the first statement, it has an S3 ListBucket, and it turns out that the resources it applies to is the bucket named test. It's called a bucket level permission. That makes sense. But then if you look at the second statement, then we have GetObject, PutObject, and DeleteObject. As you can see, the ARN now has /*. So this /* right here means that we consider any object within the bucket. And so that is object level permission. So that makes sense. Some APIs are on the bucket and some APIs are on the objects. And the way to differentiate it is by lengthening the ARN. And if you want to apply to all objects, then we'll have /*. So we've seen how authorization works in Amazon S3. We'll go into more examples over time. But you know the basics, and I know this is a complicated lecture. Don't worry. Watch the next ones, and then if you're still curious, just watch this one again, and you'll be good to go. All right, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.