So now let's talk about cross account access to objects in S3 buckets. So you have several ways to do cross account access to S3 objects. The first one is to use IAM policies and S3 bucket policies. That's the most common one we'll see. Then you can use IAM policies and access control lists or ACLs and that's less common because they've been deprecated. So, this only works if the bucket owner enforced setting is equals to disabled. But the setting by default for all newly created buckets is going to be enabled. So that means that ACLs are going to be disabled because they're considered an old way of making security on AWS. And the third way to do cross account access is cross accounts IAM roles. So here we take a look at ACLs, what they mean, and why it's preferable not to have them. So let's consider an account where we have an IAM user named John, and then we have another account with an S3 bucket and another IAM user named Bob. So John has an IAM policy. And this IAM policy is allowing it to access the S3 three bucket in account B. And it turns out that the account B is also allowing John to get access to it by using a bucket policy. So everything is in place, everything is working. And so John can do an s3:PutObject into the S3 bucket of account B and the object is going to be stored there. So far so good. Now Bob is doing the same thing. Bob is on its own account. Let's say it has been authorized, thanks to the IAM policy, as well. So Bob can do s3:PutObject and put its own object into its own S3 buckets. But Bob now wants to access the object that was created by John. And it turns out that, well, it's going to be denied. Why? Well, because an object uploaded by default by a user into a bucket that has ACLs enabled, will not be accessible by another account. So there is a concept of object ownership in S3 buckets. So even though the S3 bucket is owned by account B, the objects within may be owned only by the users, or the roles, or the accounts, that actually upload these objects. So it gets quite complicated. And so to get it working, you need to make sure that the account A has given the proper permissions and the object ownership to the accounts B administrator. So this is what the IAM policy looks like. It says, "Hey, when I upload an object, I want to grant full control to the accounts A." And that's quite complicated, this is why ACLs are very complicated. And so here we have some ACL-specific headers that either will grant full permissions explicitly or we can use Canned ACL and we'll see this in the next slide. So the solution to this is to not use ACLs and instead to define a S3 object ownership so that the bucket owner owns all the objects. End of the story. If you are in the ACL world then you need to use what's called Canned ACL. And so Canned ACL are the way of a shortcut to give a bucket owner access to the object we just uploaded. So if we upload an object and we add the x-amz-acl header for bucket owner full control that means that when we upload an object we also give the object ownership to the bucket owner. So these Canned ACLs are shortcut ACLs and I'm just giving them to you but I don't think they appear in the exam. But we have private, public-read, authenticated-read, bucket-owner-read, bucket-owner-full-control, and so on. And they are shortcuts to giving proper ACLs. Now, ACLs are not recommended, but I'm still teaching them to you because it's important for you to know about them. And they've been disabled by default since April 2023. So you cannot use ACL anymore from that point at least by default. And the new setting is, again, object ownership. So that's only the Bucket policies the IAM policies, the SCP and the VPC Endpoint Policies, will control access to your S3 bucket objects. But no ACLs, the bucket owner will own all the objects and that simplifies a lot the security model of Amazon S3. Finally, the last way to get access to Amazon S3 is to use an IAM role. So let's take an example of the cross-account IAM role. Here, we have accounts A that has an S3 bucket and also an IAM role that is being assumed by the IAM user in the bottom. So when it assumes that role, thanks to the proper policies, then it can access the S3 bucket directly from within the account A. So in this case, if you use an IAM role, the benefit is that you do not need to create an S3 bucket policy. You can just have the IAM role authorize the API calls and that will, can simplify your security model. So it's up to you and based on the situation you want to use. Alright, that's it. You've seen how to do cross accounts API calls for Amazon S3. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.