Hi, and welcome to this lecture on VPC Endpoint Strategies for Amazon S3. So we know that we can access Amazon S3 directly through a VPC Gateway Endpoint. So this doesn't have any costs and it can only be accessed by resources within the VPC where it's created. So we have VPC Gateway Endpoint for Amazon s3 and then we enable DNS support. We update the root tables and we keep on using the public DNS of Amazon S3. And what's going to happen is that the traffic is gonna go through this VPC gateway endpoints. We also need to make sure that the security group attached to the EC2 instance has Outbound rules that allows traffic that go directly into Amazon S3. So when we have all these things together, it's working. Just remember that Gateway Endpoints can only be accessed by resources within your VPC but not elsewhere, so Direct Connect does not work, side to side VPN does not work, and so on VPC peering does not work, only stuff within your VPC. Next we have the VPC Interface Endpoint for Amazon S3. So let's take an example of a VPC with several availability zones. We have DNS support enabled and DNS hostnames enabled. We have private subnets across these two AZs. So with the VPC interface endpoint we're going to get Elastic Network interfaces deployed in our subnets and then the security groups can be attached to these ENIs for network security. So then what we're going to do is that we're going to have EC2 instances and with the appropriate network security we're gonna be able to access Amazon S3 privately through the VPC interface endpoints. The advantage of using an interface endpoint is that we can get access directly from on-premises through a site to site VPN or Direct Connect. This costs about 1 cents per hour per AZ, so it's not free and it's works similarly, once you have enabled the DNS in your settings in your VPC, then any public DNS of Amazon S3 will be resolved to the private interface endpoint and you'll be good. Okay, finally, you need to know there's like something called private DNS name, which works for most VPC endpoints, but for the VPC interface endpoint for Amazon S3 there is no such thing as private DNS name. The only thing you can use is the public DNS name of Amazon s3, but the traffic will still resolve to the VPC interface endpoint within your VPC. So if we try to summarize what we have in a single VPC architecture, we may have EC2 instances accessing directly Amazon S3 for a gateway endpoint for free. Or if you choose to create an interface endpoint we have a private link into Amazon S3 and the use case would be to use either direct connect or site to site VPN to connect to Amazon S3 through this interface endpoint. If you have a multi VPC centralized architecture where you want all your network traffic to go through one Central VPC, then an architecture you can have is EC2 instances that connect through Gateway Endpoint to Amazon S3 in their respective VPC because that's free and you can do it. And then interface endpoints can be very helpful. For example, if you wanted to centralize traffic through this central VPC, so instead of going through Gateway Endpoint, you could go through a transit gateway into the interface endpoint. And this works as well for the on-premises traffic such as Direct Connect and site to side VPN. So at the exam, you will have indicators whether or not you should use Gateway or interface and it's up to you to choose the right one of course but you have enough information now to really understand the differences. Also, we have VPC endpoint restrictions. So we have a couple ones. We have SourceVPC, and SourceVPCE. So here with SourceVPC we can restrict access to a specific VPC. For example, in here I restrict access to my bucket if it doesn't come through a specified source VPC. Now this condition can only work if you have a VPC endpoint. So that means that on top of going through the VPC endpoint you can restrict the VPC it's coming from. If you wanted to restrict access to specific VPC endpoints what you can do is have a source VPCE condition, E for endpoints, and then you specify the VPC endpoints ID. Once you have this as well so you can restrict by SourceIP. Just remember, the AWS SourceIP condition is for public IP addresses, whereas the VPC SourceIP is for private IP addresses and it is only valid when you start using VPC endpoints. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.