So let's talk about how SAML 2.0 federation is configured in AWS, and an issue that can arise and how to troubleshoot it. So say you have your corporate data center and your identity provider is in your corporate data center. So we want to enable SAML 2.0-based identity federation. So first we download a metadata file from AWS and we register AWS as a service provider with our IdP on our corporate data center. From there, we're going to generate from our IdP a metadata XML file, I will show you what that file looks like in a second, and that file should be created and sent to AWS in the IAM service to create a SAML identity provider. From there, we can create the IAM roles that will be used for authentication for the SAML provider and we have therefore established SAML 2.0-based federation in AWS. So the important part here is the SAML file that we generate from the IdP and register in IAM. So here is what the file looks like and let me show you a couple parts of it. The first one is that we have an expiration in it. So each of these XML files does expire and so therefore at some point we will have to renew it. And that's very important because I will show it in the next slide what happens if you don't renew it. So there's an expiration and then there's issuers. So which organization actually issued that XML file, that metadata file. And finally there is a key that is used to validate the SAML assertion received from the IdP to make sure they are signed correctly. So you don't need to know the details of that file of course but here is the idea behind it. And as you know, it expires. So in case you are getting this error on AWS, response signature invalid from the AWS security token service with a status code 400 and the error code is invalid identity token, then the reason is that the federation metadata file of the identity provider does not match the metadata of the IAM identity provider. So it might have changed due to an updated certificate or it might have expired. And so therefore what we need to do to fix that error is to redownload the updated SAML 2.0 metadata file from the identity provider, and then we send it again to IAM using the CLI. Now, because we are sending it to the IAM service, we do AWS IAM in the first part of the CLI command. And then because we are updating the SAML file, we run the update SAML provider command line. And so that's it. It's what you should know and that's an exam question. And this is why I spent a little bit of time explaining you the how and the why. All right, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.