So the exam as a strong emphasis on Microsoft Active Directory and AWS directory services. So I really wanna make sure that we both understand what this is 'cause I think it's quite complicated especially if you're not from Microsoft background and I wanna make sure you choose the right answer at the exam when a question or two comes up on this topic. So, what is Microsoft AD? It's found on any windows server that has something called AD Domain Services. And it's going to a database of objects would it be user accounts, computers, printers, file shares, security groups and it's gonna be centralized way for security management, creating new accounts, assigning partitions all in your windows, in Microsoft environment. And the objects, the users, the accounts, the printers everything they're going to be grouped together and organized into something called a tree. And as the name indicates,(chuckles) a group of trees is called a forest. So, what do we have Microsoft AD? For example, we have a domain controller that knows that John is username and password is the password which is not a very strong password, but anyway and we have other machines Microsoft machines connected to this domain controller. The beautiful thing is that now one can use John password of on any of these machines to connect and the active directory will check the login itself. So that allows us to synchronize sort of all these logins across domain controller. That is something very, very simple simplified as well. Don't get at me if I don't do this exactly perfectly for the Microsoft AD but this is at a high level providing you an idea of how Microsoft AD works. So what is ADFS? Well, ADFS will provide Single-Sign On across applications and it has SAML innovation across third party. For example, the Console, Dropbox, Office 365 and so on. So we've seen how ADFS works. So remember the user will browse to URL in the Microsoft Active Directory Services which will authenticate the user against a Microsoft Active Directory. The SAML Token will be returned to the user and then the we'll exchange it with AWS to get a sign in URL for the console. So we'll see how this will be improved with the SSO service later on. Okay, so now let's get into AWS Directory Services. We have three flavors and this is a managed service by AWS. So the first coin is called AWS Managed Microsoft AD. As you can expect is going to be a Microsoft AD in the Cloud. So you're going to be able to create your own AD in AWS manage users locally, and it has support for MFA. You will have to establish a trust with your on-premise AD and we'll see what that trust looks like. If you want to have some kind of connection between your on-premise AD and your AWS Manage Microsoft AD. So let's have a look here in this diagram, you can see that the Manage AD is connected to the on-premise AD through a trust and it supports MFA and so the users can authenticate on the right hand side or on the left hand side. Then we have Microsoft AD. We have database directory services, AD Connector. So, I wish they name things differently, but anyway, so this is a proxy to make the link from your Cloud AD to your on-premises AD and it supports MFA. And the users are for the only managed in one place which is the on-premise AD. So in this case, the authentication goes to the AD connector, which is a proxy and it gets proxy back onto the on-premise AD to get the response. So in the first case with Microsoft Manage AD we had two places where the users were defined. There were defined on-premise and in the Cloud and there was some trust between the two but with the AD connector they're only defined on-premise and we've defined a proxy to access that on-premise AD directly from the Cloud. Finally, we have Simple AD, which is not Microsoft AD it's a AD-compatible API. It's called Samba and it's managed in AWS but it's standalone and it cannot be joined with an on-premise AD. So in this case with Simple AD, it's a cheaper alternative. It doesn't have as much capability. It doesn't support MFA, for example. It cannot be joined to AWS such as SQL server and so on but contribute simpler, cheaper and maybe a good solution based on the questions you get. So we have three kinds of directory services and I think they're quite clear the differences but I really want to go deep dive into each of those to make it very very clear as to how they're different. So, with AWS managed Microsoft AD, you're going to be deploying Microsoft active directory within your VPC. So here's what it looks like. We have two AZs and we'll have two AD Domain Controller or AD DC deployed in two different for high availability. And now we're going to be able to create easy two windows instances and we can deploy traditional applications on these instances, for example, SharePoint or we can do something called seamless domain join from your Amazon EC2 instances in Multiple Accounts and VPCs directly onto your domain controllers. This is a feature directly coming out of the managed Microsoft AD. And finally we have integrations. So if we deploy a Managed Microsoft AD in the Cloud we can use it seamlessly integrated with RDS for SQL Server, workspaces, Quick sites. And we can even create SSO to provide access to third party applications and have another diagram showing you this in a second. This directory, so the Managed Microsoft AD can be a standalone repository in AWS, or it can be joined to your on-premise AD and we'll see how to join it in a second. The Multi AZ deployment is going to be 2AZ at minimum but in case you want to increase your scaling and your availability you are able to add more Domain Controllers. So in this example, I'm adding two more Domain Controllers, that's 4 AD DC and we have increased availability. Finally, this looks like RDS for Microsoft AD. So you have automated backups if you need to. And another last feature is that you get Automated Multi-Region replication of your directory, if you need to. Now, let's have a look at the integrations in depth. So your managed Microsoft AA DC is in the middle and it can get integrated with your on-premise active directory using something called two-way Forest trust and we'll see this in a second in the next slide. It can also integrate with a bunch of database services. So most importantly is RDS for SQL server, Amazon Workspaces, Quick sites, Connect, WorkDocs and Single-Sign On. And with Single-Sign On that we'll see in the future lecture we have access to more SAML business applications such as GitHub, Box, Dropbox, Office 365 and so on. Finally, your traditional active directory applications such as your dot NET Apps, your SharePoint and your SQL server that you deploy on EC2 instances can obviously be integrated with that active directory that's managed by AWS. So, what do you remember out of it? That is the going to be the most integrated with AWS offering from directory services. Now, something I want to highlight is how to connect this to your on-premise active directory because that is going to be extremely important going to the exam to understand this subtlety. So you are able to connect your on-premise AD to AWS Manage Microsoft AD. And for this, you need to set up a Direct Connect and this will going to be DX in this course or a VPN connection between the two. So we have your on-premise and your VPC and we have set up a connection between these two. And so we have our on-premise Microsoft AD which manages its own user on-premise, and you have AWS Manage Microsoft AD this going to also be managing its own users on AWS. And so you can set up three kind of forest trust. The first one is one way when we have AWS trust on-premise the second one is the other one way which you have the on-premise trust AWS. And finally you have something called two-way forest trust where they both trust each other and means that you can access one from the other and vice versa. So let's have a look we have trust this way and trust that way. And so that means that we have a two-way forest trust. And the important thing to understand here is that this forest trust is going to be different than synchronization. So, replication is not something that is supported by AWS management Microsoft AD. So that means that their users are living independently on the two different Microsoft active directory. But thanks to this forest trust, they're able to talk to each other in case one user is missing from one and ask the other DC, Hey do you think you have that user because I trust you so very important to understand the distinction. So, your traditional active directory app can connect to on-premise. Your easy to instances can do seamless domain joint onto your Microsoft Manage AD. But now, because we have set up a two-way forest trust your traditional active directory app in case it is trying to request a domain that belongs to AWS. Thanks to the trust. It's able to go all the way and check the user on the right hand side. So this is the whole idea behind two-way forest trust. You don't need to know that level of detail in the exam but hopefully that gives you a much better idea of what is a trust between your on-premise and your online on AWS Microsoft AD. So, now let's talk about a bit more solution architecture because we have to get into those and they can be quite complicated but say you want to have your Microsoft AD that's on-premise replicated on AWS for minimizing latency. So, for example, we want to say, okay we want to have our replica of the on-premise AD on AWS because if somehow the direct connect or the VPN goes down then we still want our users to have connectivity and function correctly. So we also need to be establishing trust between these ADs. So what does it look like? Well, we have our on-premise Microsoft AD with one domain and we have the VPC AWS Managed Microsoft AD DC with another domain. The only way to set up some kind of replication is for you to deploy active directory on an easy two windows instance, and you will have to set up replication. And by setting up those replication we'll have a replica on-premise Microsoft AD onto our VPC which may help minimize latency and also have a disaster recovery strategy. And finally, we can set up a two-way forest trust between our EC2 instance and our AWS Manage Microsoft AD DC in this own VPC. So this is the kind of solution architecture that will be asked from you at the exam. So that's why it's really important to get the basics done first. And then talk about these little interesting twists on solution architecture. Okay, so that's all for AWS manage Microsoft AD. Now we have AD Connector, which is much simpler. So it's going to be a gateway. So a proxy to redirect your request your on-premise Microsoft Active Directory there's no caching capability. The users are solely managed on-premise, there is no trust being set up and need to have VPN or Direct Connect. And so it doesn't have this integration with SQL server. It doesn't do seamless joining it comes share directory. So this is something a bit more basic. And hopefully the example will be very clear if you need AD connector that some kind of directory proxy but AD Connector in case the connection goes down, well, it's basically useless. So how does that work? Well, we have our corporate office and the Database Cloud and there will be a VPN or Direct Connect connection between these two, and then therefore we can have our active directory directly within our corporate office but our users who wants to again will happen to do the following flow. So first they will use the credentials onto a custom signing page. This signing page will be connected to the AD Connector which may be multi AZ. So in one AZ, the AD Connector will be used. This AD Connector then will proxy the request all the way through to the active directory on the corporate office and will perform LDAP authentication. And if this is good then the AD Connector will perform the STS assumerole IAM which will get back temporary credentials. And then our user will be authenticated into AWS. Finally, you have Simple AD which is going to be very inexpensive Active Directory and it's going to have the most common directory features. It will support joining of EC2 instances, managing users and groups, but it won't support multifactor authentication. It will not support the integration with RDS SQL server. It will not support SSO and it's only for small amount of users. So, 500 users up to maybe 5,000 users depending on the tier you want to use. It's powered by Samba 4, and it's compatible with Microsoft AD in terms of the API but it's a lower cost, low scale. It's only has basic AD capability or LDAP compatibility and you cannot set up a trust with a on-premise Microsoft AD. So that's it. Obviously the most important one is going to be the first one described but now you have the three options of directory services and hopefully there's a bit more clear which one to choose based on which circumstances at the exam. All right, that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.