Hello and welcome to the AWS Certified Developer Associate course. My name is Stephane Maarek and I will be your instructor. So we're starting in five minutes, let's just go over some prerequisites. So we're going to prepare for the DVA-C02 certification and although it's as challenging certification, I will try to make this course as interesting as possible to cover everything you need to know. And as such, we will cover over 30 AWS services so we have a lot to learn but don't worry, we'll go step by step. Even if you're an IT or AWS beginner, you're welcome but take your time, it's not a race and head go with me with a hands-on. You don't need to be a developer to pass the developer exam but it definitely helps to have some coding background. Now, if this is your second AWS certification and you've done the Certified Solutions Architect beforehand, try not to skip any lectures. After the seventh section, yes, there are some new content regarding the certified developer exam but please review the first lectures, it will be always good for you to rehash that basic knowledge. So what's AWS? If you're new to this, this is a cloud provider. And with AWS, you're able to have services and servers that can be used on demand and scale very easily. This has allowed companies to run a website for say millions of people with only three or five engineers which is crazy. So AWS has revolutionized IT over time and now it powers some of the biggest websites in the world that you know of. For example, obviously, amazon.com, but also Netflix. So this course is very complete. We'll be learning all of these things and more and this may be daunting at first but don't worry, we'll go step-by-step. Don't feel afraid but as you can tell, there's a lot of things we have to learn in this course. So I'd like to call AWS a spaghetti ball because it is a complete mess but we'll try together to navigate through it and together learn all the services we need for you to become an AWS Certified Developer. So thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next lecture.