Okay, here we are in the Databricks workspace. As we said, the processing for the lap times is only slightly different to the other files. The main difference between the Pitstops file and the lap times file processing is that, in the case of lap times we are going to process a folder as Suppose to a single file. So this folder contains five different files. So in order to save a bit of time, I'm going to show you how to clone an existing notebook and then make this changes. So you come over to the File menu and then click on Clone, and then you can create a new file. So you've got to have the folder selected. So this is the ingestion folder where we're going to put the file and it's number seven ingest and then it's going to be the lap times file. So click Clone here and that file is created. So let's make the corresponding changes that are required for the lap times file. So this will be lap times folder. And also in this case, we're going to be reading the set of CSV files as suppose to a JSON file. In terms of data types, the lap times file also needs only these data types. So let's click Shift + Enter to execute. So one thing happened here is actually when we created the File or Clone the file, it's not been attached to the Databricks cluster. So as you can see here, it shows detached. So either you can click here to attach and run, because it's showing actually it's going to attach to my cluster here, or you could just cancel here and then come back and attach to the cluster and then do a Shift + Enter again to execute. So that's okay. And let's now do the schema. The schema is only very slightly different to the other one, so I'm going to quickly make those changes. So that's done. And now we need to read the data into the DataFrame. So that will be lap times df equals. And then we want to specify the schema and that schema is going to be lap times as well in this case. And we don't need to specify multi line, because this is not a JSON file and we want to say it's a CSV file, we want to read from. But for the CSV file, we're not going to specify a single file, we're going to specify the full folder. So that's one way of doing it. Or if you wanted to specify files, you can use wildcards as well. So you could say lap times folder and then within that, I've got again a lap times. I think it's called a Split Right. So let me go back, so lap time split. And then you can say *.csv, so in case your folder had so many different files of different file types and you want to only pick up certain files, you can use wildcard paths here. But in our case, we only have the files we want to process. So I'm going to just give the folder name. And if you hit Enter, it'll execute. And the DataFrame should now have the data we want to see. So let's just do a quick display command and see the data. And that looks fine. So it showed the top ten sorry, top thousand records. And let's have a look at the number of records as well, just to make sure it's write all the records. There were around half a million records here. So what I did is actually I split the files to having roughly about 100,000 records in each of the files. So that's why you're seeing 490,000 records across all five files. So it looks perfectly fine. I'm going to delete these two statements because we don't need them anymore, and the next thing we want to do is to rename and add the new column for the ingestion date. So let's import the current timestamp. And then instead of pitstops, we're going to have the lap times and we are renaming the same columns as the pitstops file, and that looks exactly the same. So that's okay. We've executed that one and we're going to write this dataframe final df into our Process container in parquet format. So we just need to rename this from pitstops to lap times and that should write the data we wanted to write. So I'm going to copy this and let's run a spark.read command just to see whether the data has been written as expected. So that will be spark.read.parquet and we want to specify the folder path. So that should have all the data we want to see. So as you can see, we're seeing the data we want to see. So let me delete that command as well. So we got everything we wanted to do in this notebook, and it's just as simple as reading the folder in order to get all the files in the folder. Or you want to specify the wildcard path to pick up certain files from the folder. So that's the end of this lesson, and I will see you in the next one.