Hello and welcome to this section that is Amazon EKS networking. Now, in this section, we are going to talk everything about the Elastic Kubernetes Service Networking. And in your exam, you can expect couple of questions related to EKS networking. Now, before we dive deep into this topic, I just wanted to set the right expectations. Now, our focus is mainly on the networking. But when it comes to the Kubernetes, it is also difficult to just talk about the networking because without understanding the Kubernetes core components, it's difficult to relate how networking works in Kubernetes. So for me personally, it's been a challenge to draw that line. So with respect to the understanding of Kubernetes I will try to keep some balance and I hope that is OK with you. Okay. So as I said in this section, we are going to talk about the Kubernetes and EKS networking. And at this point, you are expected to know what are containers, what are microservices and what is Kubernetes. This is a prerequisite and this is not a Kubernetes course. So I expect that you already know these things. But if not, I have provided a separate video which you can go and check and then you can start with this section. So we will cover Kubernetes open source architecture. So here we'll talk about the Kubernetes in general without AWS context. And then we will see how things work in EKS that is Amazon's Elastic Kubernetes service. And within the EKS, we will see EKS architecture that is control plane and data plane. Then we will see EKS cluster networking as in how AWS manages the control plane and you manage the data plane. Then we will see the pod networking within the EKS, which means how pods communicate with each other and how can you secure that communication.. Then we will see use of security groups with EKS ports and this is relatively a new feature that AWS released. And then one of the most important topic is exposing EKS services using Amazon Load-Balancer. So please make sure that you understand this topic well, and then we will see some advanced features of EKS networking which comes under EKS custom networking. And then we will wrap up this section with EKS networking summary. Okay. So I hope you are good with that. And as I said, if you don't know about what are containers, microservices, then you can check this video out there. And I have also provided the link to that in the description. But if you already know about the containers and microservices and in general, what is Kubernetes, then you can just start with this section. OK. So with that, let's get started with Kubernetes Architecture. Thank you.