Hello and welcome to this lecture. So in the earlier lecture, we saw the components of Kubernetes cluster. Essentially we saw the control plane, and data plane, and what are the important services which run inside the control plane, and data plane. Now, when it comes to the EKS, of course architecture remains the same, but the responsibility of control plane, and data plane, changes. And as you might have guessed, it makes more sense that AWS takes care of the difficult thing, that is managing the control plane. And then you take care of the data plane, where you decide which kind of nodes you want to run, how many ports you want to run. That is all part of your data plane. So the architecture is similar to what we saw earlier. As you can see here, there is a control plane on the top, and it is across three availability zones, of course, for high availability, and resiliency. And this control plane is completely taken care of by AWS. And below is the data plane. And then you can decide how many availability zones you want to use, and then you can spin up those nodes across multiple availability zones. Now this is the Kubernetes architecture. And now if you look at the EKS, so you don't care about the control plane high availability. You know that there are different components like for example, APIs, server, SD, data store cube controller manager, and all this has been taken care of. So with EKS, you get a managed control plane. Now, when it comes to the data plane, there are multiple options for the way you would launch your nodes. Now these nodes are typically your EC2 machines, but then Kubernetes also offers you serverless compute options in the form of AWS Fargate. Now, when it comes to the EC2 options, there are two ways in which you can launch this EC2 machine. One is self-managed nodes. That means you launch this EC2 machine. You can put those into the auto-scaling group, but then you decide which AMIs to use, which instance types to use. Once these instances are launched, then you want to make sure that the instance gets registered into the Kubernetes cluster as a node. And for that you need to run a few commands. And if for some reason, the instance is unhealthy, then you would want to take this out of your cluster. So all this has to be managed by you, if you're using self-managed nodes. Now, EKS has simplified this operation, in the form of managed node groups. That means provisioning the nodes, and then adding it to the Kubernetes cluster, as well as draining those nodes, in case you want to reduce the capacity, or adding new nodes when you want to increase the capacity. All this has been taken care of, if you're using manage node groups. Now, node groups are nothing but a collection of EC2 machines, whether self-managed, or managed. But then underlying compute capacity is provided by EC2 instances. There is a third option, which is AWS Fargate. Now, as you already know, AWS Fargate is a serverless compute offering from AWS. That means there are no machines to manage for you. Now with respect to EKS, you just define your pods, and container capacity, that they need, and then Fargate will provision the underlying compute capacity for running those containers, and the pods. So that's a very brief about EKS architecture, very similar to the Kubernetes architecture. And then now we will focus more on the networking part. Now you know that AWS has VPC. That means your cluster will be inside a VPC, or will be launching this data plane nodes inside a VPC. So it's interesting to see how these nodes communicate, how these ports communicate, how you expose these services outside of the cluster. So all that will be covered in the next lecture. So stay tuned, and thanks for watching.