Hello and welcome to this lecture, Security Groups in EKS. Now this is also one of the important topics with respect to the exam because you should understand how the security group works when it comes to the EKS nodes or pods, right? And it essentially works a little differently because you know that on one node you have multiple pods, but, so far what you might have learned that the security groups are attached to the Elastic Network Interfaces. And now we are assigning the multiple IP addresses from the same ENIs to multiple pods, which essentially means that all those pods should be following the rules from the security group which is attached to the corresponding ENIs, right? Now, with respect to that, let's understand how it works, what's the problem, and then how could you solve some of those problems. Okay. So this is the diagram that now you should be familiar with. You have the EKS Control Plane in the AWS Managed VPC, and then EKS Data Plane in the Customer Managed VPC. For management of the network, EKS provisions, EKS owned ENI in the customer VPC. So that Control Plane can communicate with the Data Plane. Right. Okay. Now, when it comes to the EKS cluster, when you create the EKS cluster, it also creates the security groups. And these security groups have some default rules. You know that security group contains inbound and outbound rules. So by default, all the inbound rules are allowed for the self. That means, whichever entity would have that security group attached, all the traffic between those will be allowed. And as an outbound rules, the destination for all IPv4 addresses and IPv6 addresses is allowed. Now, this is a default security group which EKS creates, and what it does it also associates the security group with, of course, the EKS owned ENI, and also the managed nodes in the managed node groups. So it attaches this default security group to these ENIs. Now this works well, however, for security reasons, you might want to restrict the outbound traffic, right? You don't want to allow outbound traffic from these ENIs to any IPv4 or IPv6 addresses. So at bare minimum, what you can do is, you can restrict the outbound access to port 443. Now this is required to hit the API server of the Kubernetes, and that's where this 443 port is required. 10250 is required for the kubelet APIs. So you know that the Control Plane also communicates with the kubelets on the worker nodes, so it listens at this port. So also outbound traffic for this port is required and 53s for DNS queries. So bare minimum, these outbound ports are required. And if your node and port needs to communicate to, for example, to the internet directly, or you know, download some packages, in that case, you might need port 80 as an outbound. So all those rules apply if you want to extend the connectivity beyond, you know, EKS cluster. So, this is a default behavior when it comes to the security group of EKS cluster. Okay. And optionally, what you can also do is you could have your own security group, and when creating the EKS cluster, you may provide that security group as one of the input, and then EKS will also attach that security group to the EKS owned ENIs. But EKS doesn't attach it to the Managed Node group ENIs if you provide your own security group. One thing to also understand that these inbound rules are very much required for EKS to function. And by chance, if you remove all these inbound rules from the security group, then whenever EKS updates itself, it will re-add this inbound rule into the EKS security group because it needs that to function. Similarly for outbound rules, this is under your control. And as we said, at bare minimum, you require few outbound rules here, which are listed here. And additional outbound rules like node to node communication, talking to the S3 or VPS interfaces, or maybe for pulling the {indistinct} images from outside. But at bare minimum, these rules are required, and you should always test, right, whether your ports and EKS is working fine by removing the outbound rules. And those are not automatically added because EKS doesn't understand what rules you need into your security groups. So these are few things that you need to keep in mind. Okay, with that, let's move to the next part of it. What is the problem here, right? So, you have Worker Node, you have Primary ENIs and Secondary ENIs, you attach it to the node, and then, as you know, the secondary IPs from the ENIs are assigned to the pods. This works well, right? Now, when it comes to the SG, these are attached to the ENIs, not to the individual pods, because security group works at the ENI level. You know that already. Due to that, what happens, there will be two security groups, either same security group you can attach to the two ENIs, or maybe you want different rules in this security groups. So you would have two different security groups here. Now do you see some problem here? Of course, because now all these ports might have different purpose, some may be a web server, some may be database, some may be application server, and every service would have different kind of firewall requirements. But, if you are using this kind of setup, which means that all these ports will have the same firewall rules, right? And that's a drawback. Ideally, what you would want is every port gets their own security group or their own firewall so that you can have the granular control over inbound and outbound traffic from that Pod. But with this architecture, it is not possible. So what's the solution there? Now, Kubernetes is an extensible framework as you know, and there are a lot of third party providers who have implemented their own CNI plugins, and they're building the network policies on top of that plugin. One such policy engine is Calico network from Tigera. We had briefly touched about this in earlier lecture, as well. So Calico provides you the network policies with which you can control basically the firewall at the port level, right? Not at the node level or the ENI level. And it does that using the IP table rules. So this is what you can do if you're using external policy engine like Calico. But if you want to do this natively with the EKS, then EKS provides a functionality called Trunk and Branch ENIs. Now, let's try to understand in the next slide what is Trunk and Branch ENIs, but essentially, idea is to give or provide the security group to individual port, rather than sharing the security group across multiple ports, right? So what is Trunk and Branch ENI? Basically, Amazon EKS and ECS supports Trunk and Branch ENI feature. We are not really getting too deep into what is trunk ENI, branch ENI. This is a networking concept very similar to how you have one network and subdivide that network into secondary networks. And how it is done for this trunk ENIs and branch ENIs, you have to have the add-on added to your EKS, and that add-on is Amazon-vpc-resource-controller-k8s, and it manages this trunk and branch network interfaces. So what happens when you enable the Pod ENI feature to true, and there is a command to do that in Kubernetes, this VPC resource controller will create a special network interface called trunk network interface, and then it will attaches it to the node. So very similar to the standard interfaces that you create and attach to the node, but this is called trunk ENI. And the benefit is, once you create the trunk ENI, you can create now something called branch ENI. So this is like a tree. Tree has a trunk and then multiple branches. So this is a trunk ENI, and then you can create multiple branch ENIs on top of this trunk ENIs, something like this. And every ENI would have their private IP addresses, as we have seen. So these are the same ENIs that you attached to the nodes, but the benefit is, these ENIs you can directly attach to the Pod, right? Earlier it wasn't possible, they were attached to the node. So you can create now branch ENIs which are connected to the trunk ENIs. Now if you look at the Pod distribution here, now, you have this worker node, you have primary ENI on top of it, you create the trunk ENI, and then you create multiple branch ENIs, because now every pod has their own ENI. Of course, you can apply the security group per pod now, because we know that the SGs are assigned to the, or associated to the ENIs. So this is a solution where security groups can be used at the Pod level. Okay, few things to just note that this cannot be used with Windows nodes as of now. And if you're using IPv6 address family, then this feature is only available for Fargate, not available for EC2 Node, typically supported by the nitro-based systems only. And in that, also some of the instance families, like t families, are not included. And if you want to really check which type of the instance supports the trunk and branch ENIs, then there is a GitHub link and there is a file called limits.go in that you can see list of all {indistinct} instances and corresponding flag, which say "is trunking compatible." If it is true, then only that type of the instance family would support the trunking and branching of the ENIs. Okay, with that, just understand that EKS supports the security group, typically it attached to the nodes, but that's a problem, because then all ports would have to use the same security group. One of the solution is to use third party solution like Calico network policies. But if you want to do it natively using EKS, then you can use trunk and branch ENI feature, where every port gets their own ENI, and then you can have different security groups attached to those ENIs. Okay, so I hope that's clear and that's it for this lecture. And now we'll get into the next lecture. Thanks for watching.