Hello and welcome to this lecture EKS Custom Networking. And this is a short lecture, but also important because this is a kind of scenario that can be there in the exam. Okay, so let's understand what is EKS Custom Networking. So this is applicable for IPv4 addresses typically, and many a times you'll find yourself in a situation where the located subnet IP ranges are not sufficient to provision additional pods because you haven't allocated sufficient CIDR range to your VPC and to your subnets. And many times this is a situation because networking team may be allocating multiple CIDRs to different VPCs across the organization. They don't want to waste too many IP addresses. So that may land you into this situation where you are working on a limited set of IP addresses inside your VPC and inside your subnet. So this is just an example. If you create a VPC with CIDR/24, only 251 are the unique IPv4 addresses that you can use in that. So the solution to this problem is Custom Networking. Now this is again a feature, which Kubernetes and EKS provides. In that sense, what you can do is you know that there is a base CIDR for your VPC, and then you can have additional CIDR also called a secondary CIDR that you can allocate to your VPC, right? So as in secondary VPC CIDR, you can add a range 100.64.0.0/16. We learned that in the VPC section, if you remember, and that brings more 65,000 IPs, private IPs to your VPC. Now, one of the constraint with this IP addresses are that they are routable only within the VPC. That means traffic from outside cannot directly go to these IP addresses, but within the VPC, IPs can be reached from one port to another port, or one EC2 instance to another EC2 instance. So how do you really make use of these addresses if they cannot be routed from outside? And that's the magic what you can do with Kubernetes. So these IPs are routable within the VPC, and you have to enable the VPC CNI Custom Networking to really extend your IP space. So this is an attribute for which you have to set it to true. Now what happens in this case, if you enable this custom networking, it adds a secondary ENI, but then it adds this ENI into this another subnet. And this subnet range could be from this address range. So your node now becomes dual home nodes which is in two subnets. One range is 10.0.0.0/26, and another range is 100.64.0.0/18 and also what it does after you enable this custom networking, only IPs from secondary ENIs are now assigned to the ports. Now earlier we have seen that the secondary IPs from even primary ENIs are attached to the ports, but with custom networking to be true, only IPs from this ENIs are attached to the port, which means that all these ports will have the IP addresses from this range 100.64.0.0/16, and that's what we can see here. Now that means all ports have IP addresses which are routable only within the VPC. Now then the question is how can this port now communicate outside? And from the earlier lecture, you might remember, we had different scenarios where you enable, or disable external SNAT, right? The same thing you can apply here. Custom networking can be combined with SNAT. That means NATing should happen at the ENI level of the node, and we are not using the SNAT of the external devices like a NAT. In that case, the flow would be, you have this VPC with secondary CIDR added. You now have two subnets and one of the ENI which is attaches from the additional subnet. And all ports have this secondary IPs from that subnet. Now if this port needs to communicate with the outside network, outside of your VPC, then of course the source IP of that pod would be the source IP of itself. It'll go to the primary ENI because we have disabled the external SNAT, which means SNAT would happen at the primary ENI. And then the source packet IP address will be replaced with the primary ENIs IP address. And now traffic can go to the attached VPC through transit gateway, or if there is an internet gateway, and there is a public IP attached that can go to internet as well. So it works well for the outbound traffic that means port can initiate the outbound traffic, and the return traffic will also come back, but what about the traffic which is originated outside, and which needs to get inside your subnets and to the pods? But here the load balancer can be used for all the inbound traffic from the outside. That means if the Peered VPC needs to send traffic to your pods, there would be either network load balancer, or elastic load balancer, and because this is within the VPC, this load balancer can send traffic to the ports with this 164 IP range. So ultimately it sends traffic to this. So this is what the custom networking is. That means if you're limited by the IP addresses for your VPC, you can add the 164 range. And then using the SNAT, you can enable the traffic going to and from external network. So hope that is clear. And that's it for this lecture. Thanks for watching.