Hello, and welcome to this lecture, EKS Networking Summary. Just trying to summarize what we learned in this section quickly, and this is important for your exam. So we saw that EKS control plane is launched in AWS-managed VPC and data plane is launched in customer VPC. Now, EKS also provisions the EKS-owned ENI into the customer VPC and that's where the communication between the control plane and data plane happens. EKS cluster API endpoint which is a Kubernetes API, basically, is by default, publicly accessible because this is launched in AWS-managed VPC. But then EKS gives you control where you can configure this endpoint to be only accessible privately or publicly. There are multiple combinations of these settings and if you configure it to be only accessible privately, then it can be accessed from customer VPC via this EKS-owned ENIs. EKS uses Amazon VPC Container Network Interface, that is CNI plugin for pod networking. And as you know, CNI allocates private IP addresses to each pod from the available secondary IPs of those ENIs. Maximum number of pods per node depends on number of ENIs and number of IP addresses per ENI. And then we saw a mechanism where you could increase this number of IP addresses allocated to your pods. And for that, you have to use something called prefix delegation and it is supported only on the Nitro-based instances, where for every IP addresses, you get /28 prefix for IPv4, that means 16 additional IP address, and /80 for IPv6 which gives you millions of IP addresses. Also, if you are exhausting the allocated VPC range for your pods, then you can use the custom-networking feature. In that case, you can allocate the secondary CIDR to the VPC in the range 100.64.0.0/16, and then you enable the custom networking. In that case, there will be a second ENI created and that ENI will be part of the extended subnet from this range. And then you use the SNAT feature at the node level so that your private IP address range from 164 is not exposed outside. And we saw the entire communication from within the pod to outside and from outside to the pod. Now, CNI also allows pods to enable and disable SNAT. We saw this feature as well where if you want to reach directly to the internet, then either you can use instances in a public subnet and with external SNAT disabled, you can do that. But if you want to really have your machines in a private subnet, it makes sense to use a NAT gateway. And in that case, external SNAT has to be enabled. And we saw that with the architecture. Moving forward, by default, if you talk about the security group, then ENIs comes with the security group, and all the pods which are using the IPs from that ENI will use the same security group. Now, that's a limitation. Often you would want separate security group for your pods and in order to do that, you can use either the external network plugins like the Calico, or you can use Trunk and Branch ENI feature which also works with the Nitro system-based instances. If you want to expose the Kubernete services, then there are four ways: ClusterIP, NodePort, LoadBalancer, and Ingress. As you know, ClusterIP is accessible from within the cluster only, NodePort is accessible outside and for that, you have to use Node IP address and a static port. Again, not a great idea. Essentially, you can use either LoadBalancer or Ingress. Now, LoadBalancer service typically work for layer four and Ingress for layer seven, but there are multiple implementation of LoadBalancer controller. There is older controller. With that, you can use both CLP and NLP, but it is advisable that you use the newer controller that is AWS LoadBalancer controller. In that case you can use NLB in both instance mode as well as IP mode. And with Ingress you can use ALB and you can use all the ALB features like path-based routing or the host-based routing. So that's about the AWS load balancer controller. And finally, there is something called external traffic policy, which is set to cluster by default. But due to that, what happens that the client source IP is not preserved, because then kube-proxy sends the traffic to the other nodes and the source IP's replaced. But if you want to make sure that the client source IP is preserved, then you can set the external traffic policy to the local, but then it may result in uneven load balancing because traffic cannot be sent to the other node service. So these are few essential things that you need to remember for your exam and I hope that is clear. So thanks for watching and stay tuned for the next sections. Thank you.