Now, look, I know exactly what you're thinking. You're thinking, oh, another framework, another week, another framework, another research thing to learn. And I just want to get on to MCP. That's what all the hype is about. That's week six. Why do we have to do another framework? And I have lots of good news for you. First of all, this framework autogen what we're doing this week, it's going to be really quick and simple because it's got so much in common with the others. We're going to go through it quickly. Secondly, generally this week is going to be quite quick. I know I said that last time, but last week I got so into landgraaf I couldn't resist. But this week it's going to be nice and brisk as we get to the to the pinnacle of this course in week six. But then the third piece of news is that actually we are going to touch on MCP this week as well. So it's like there's going to be like a preview. So with all of that we are at week five, we are understanding Autogen concepts Autogen from Microsoft. And let's get into it okay. So introducing Autogen, it looks like this with that logo AG like that. So Autogen from Microsoft, an open source framework. It was released. The 0.4 version of it was released in January, and they explained this as a from the ground rewrite, adopting an asynchronous, event driven architecture to address some of what I imagine was the criticisms that they were facing before. Observability. This is a common agent issue about do you really understand what's going on with these agent interactions? Flexibility, control and scale. So this is a straight up replacement for Autogen 0.2 with a very different kind of feel and architecture to it. And so you know, obviously I had to make a difficult decision for this about whether we were going to use Autogen 0.4 or 0.2. And I decided to to stick with the original 0.2. No, of course I'm lying. We're going with 0.4. Why wouldn't we? Actually we're not. We're going with 0.5.1, at least as of now, because that's the current version of it. They've already gone past 0.4, but naught .5.1 isn't very different to to 0.4. It's not got the radical change. So yes, we are using the latest autogen, the new refreshed version as of this year. And just be aware of the fact that there might be if you do some of the if you look for documentation, you need to be very aware of whether you're looking at the documentation for 0.4 plus or for the 0.2 versions, which looks and feels quite different. But wait, there's more. There's more to the story. There is some drama to tell you about. So late last year, the original creator of Autogen and a bunch of the the co-founder of Autogen and a bunch of people involved in it left Microsoft where it was being built and open sourced, and they split off and created a fork of Autogen, a different version of Autogen managed by this group of people. And the the one of the creator is now at Google and is now working on this version. Um, and um, it's called AG two I guess, for Autogen Gen two, but it's also given the name agent OS two. And confusingly, they started from Auto Gen 0.2, the earlier version of Auto Gen, and so it's compatible and somewhat consistent with that other version of auto gen. And it has broken off from Autogen 0.4 that Microsoft released after the split after the fork. Uh, and so it is like a version that's, that's more common with what it used to be, which is super confusing. And the reason that was given for this was partly to to be able to move more, more quickly and more flexibly, to not be under the kind of corporate bureaucracy that is Microsoft. But having said that, being under the Microsoft umbrella also comes with lots of benefits. The main auto gen, Microsoft's auto gen is very, very well used. It has a lot of enterprise clients. It's used quite broadly. Uh, and so obviously this is a difficult situation. Uh, it's particularly difficult. And Microsoft have gotten this bizarre situation that they've also, as they've put it, sort of lost control of the discord chat group that was for Autogen that is now controlled by the Ag2 people. So a lot of the community discussion is about ag2 and people that come new to the Autogen ecosystem that don't know about this are super confused, because if you look up documentation for Autogen, you might find yourself looking at this which Ag2 which would be based in Autogen 0.2 the earlier version. Or you might find yourself on the Microsoft track on the official supported. Uh autogen from Microsoft and Microsoft have made it very clear indeed that they have no plans to take the foot off the pedal in terms of pushing forwards with Autogen as as seen by Autogen 0.4. But meanwhile, the Ag2 camp is saying, look, we can be more flexible, we can do things faster. And they have been turning out releases and they are currently if if release numbers are anything to go by, they are currently, as of right now on Ag2 Agg2 version 0.8. So they've got many version numbers. Not that that means much, but but at least sort of optically, it sounds like they're making swift progress, which was one of their original drivers for breaking free from Microsoft. So it's quite a lot of drama. And just to add one more spicy element to it, the Autogen two people, the Agg2 people also have control as they say. They have ownership of the official package in PyPI, which is where things are controlled for doing Pip installs. And if you do a pip install of Autogen, you get Agg2. You don't get Microsoft's official Autogen, which is which is kind of amusing. It's also obviously problematic because people new to Autogen find this super confusing. I mean, nowadays one tends to just do pip install and just expect that you get what you get, particularly with a product from Microsoft where you would think that of course they would own Autogen, the official PyPI install, and if it if not, then you'd think it would be something completely different. But the idea that you do pip install Autogen and you get a kind of offshoot of Autogen built by by some renegades, a well, some very important renegades, uh, who the rebellion that has built something obviously very impressive. Uh, it's, uh, clearly quite, quite bewildering for someone new to this. But anyways, I've clearly I've made the decision that we're going with the Microsoft track. That is the one that that has, I'd say by far the bigger community and traction right now. But I bring your awareness to this. You need to understand this and watch out for confusion in documentation and so on. Uh, with Ag2 now, because we're using UV as our environment, I've already set all the right projects. So what will be installed in your environment is going to be the official Microsoft Autogen, which for me right now is at naught .5.1 and will probably be be making quite quick progress itself then maybe not at 0.8 just yet. That's the story. I hope that makes sense.