And so with that, I'll just move on to talk about what Autogen actually is. Let's remind you, these are the frameworks we've been going through. Autogen the last of the frameworks, uh, before, because MCP isn't really a framework. Uh, okay. So what is autogen? So Autogen, as with the others, it's a bunch of different things all wrapped under one autogen umbrella name. It's first of all, something called Autogen core. And Autogen core is something which is like, uh, it's agnostic to the, to the framework that the actual agents and llms that are being used. It is like a general generic framework for building scalable multi-agent systems, something that manages things like messaging between agents, even if they're distributed in different places. So it's like a fabric for agents to, to run within. It's something different. It's got some stuff in common with, with an idea like Landgraaf, but much, much simpler. It's got uh, but but basically it's like a runtime, an agent runtime for running agents together. That is autogen core autogen agent chat. It's quite a mouthful. Autogen agent chat. That is a framework that is going to be very familiar to you, because it's very similar to OpenAI agents SDK and to crew. It is a lightweight, simple abstraction for putting together llms in an agent construct to allow them to use tools to allow them to interact with each other, that is, Autogen agent chat and then built on top of Autogen agent chat. Agent chat itself is built on top of core. Built on top of agent chat are a couple of offerings. There's something called studio, which we've heard that name a few times now that is Autogen low code, no code app for sort of constructing things visually. And there's also something called Magentic one, which is like a product. It is a console. It's something you use in the command line, which can take care of things for you and do them. So it's like an application. It's a it's a application to run an agent framework that's out of the box that's canned, that runs from the command line. So these are the various bits and pieces that make up Autogen. And uh, all of this is part of open source. It's part of it's sort of managed by Microsoft Research, but it's available. There are people who contribute from all all over the place. And it's an interesting point that whilst when we talked about crew and and Lang Chain, we saw that there was perhaps the possibility that that monetisation commercialisation was driving some of their product roadmap. There's a different angle here with Microsoft. This is all a Microsoft research for the community kind of thing. And so you don't necessarily see that things like Studio and Magenta X1, Magenta studio is considered like a research environment. It's not it's not considered ready for production. And they state that very clearly all over it. So it is a different positioning. This is a big open source contribution, uh, through and through. And of course, no surprise what we're going to be focusing on is going to be the, uh, agent, uh, Autogen core and the Autogen agent chat, those two parts of the puzzle. We're less interested in the low code. No code, because we're coders. That's what we do. Uh, and, uh, magenta one, it seems, seems like a cool thing to try out, but it's. I guess it's a bit like, uh, someone building what we've already built. Uh, in the end of last week, uh, with with our co-worker that we have our sidekick. Our personal sidekick. Uh, so one more point to make here is that we're going to be focusing mostly on Autogen agent chat. Uh, because that is the sort of direct comparable with Crewe and with OpenAI agents SDK and with the sort of agent interactions part of Landgraaf. We will also look at Autogen cause some pretty cool things about it, but but more to give you some interest in it and to experiment a bit. Um, not as much as agent chat. And even when we do, we'll be using agent chat as well. So that's the lay of the land. And to talk about the concepts behind, uh, the, the Autogen framework and particularly behind Agent Chat that we're now going to talk about. What are the building blocks here? Well, they're going to be very familiar to you. They are straightforward and things that we've already met before. So they have a concept called models. And their concept called models is similar to Llms that we've seen in other platforms. Messages I guess it's new that they identify this as a core concept. Messages that can represent messages between agents, or it can represent events that happen within an agent's interactions, which which really is referring to, like calling tools. Those are also considered messages. And so we'll see some some stuff about messages that can be from a user to the model. It can be between agents. It can be within an agent when it's calling tools. But those are called messages and agent. It's going to be what we're used to. It's something which has a model behind it and something which is able to carry out a series of tasks on behalf of, of a request, on behalf of a user or another agent and then teams again. That's familiar. This is like a crew from crew. Uh, it'd be a group of agents that can interact to achieve some goal. So these are the sort of core building blocks and there are others. But but I think these are probably the ones to introduce. And for today we're going to look at the first three models messages and agents very briefly very quickly to set up a quick example. But we'll do something new. We'll involve some SQL in it because I know that's that's going to be useful for some people. So let's do that right now.