And welcome back to cursor and welcome to week five directory. Here we go. We're going to the first lab. Week five day one Autogen Agent Chat, which is the main part of Autogen. That's sort of comparable with, say, crew. And a lot of what we do right now is going to look very familiar because it's very consistent with crew and OpenAI agents SDK, particularly this first thing which we always do, which is to load the env as usual. All right. So the first concept then is the model. And the model which is similar to concepts like LM that we've had before. It's like a wrapper around calling a large language model. And here we import something called OpenAI Chat completion client, which is the wrapper for for the LM we'll be using, which is GPT four mini. And this is how you create your model client as it's called. And it's very simple indeed. And you just pass in the name of your model. And so let's run that. And also I just want to show you here that you could do the same thing with Obama to run a local model like llama 3.2. It's just exactly the same idea. You could run that and you could continue all of this in exactly the same way, running locally instead of using GPT four or mini. Okay, that is the first concept. The second concept is the message. This is something which is a different concept for Autogen agent chat. It's this idea that you create an object called text message. In this case that has the content. I'd like to go to London is my message right now. And the source is the user me. And so if we run that and print it, we see it's a text message. The source is the user. And the, uh, there's the content. And now that is all there is to it. That is the message. The third concept is the agent. And it's very similar to things we've seen in the past. The the thing that we import is called assistant agent. That is the uh, you'll see this many times. This is the kind of most, the most fundamental class that will work with in in Autogen agent chat. So we create a new instance of assistant agent. We give it a name, airline agent, we give it a model client, the underlying LM, we give it a system message rather like the instructions in OpenAI. You are a helpful assistant for an airline. You give a short humorous answer. So let's give it that to see what that does to it. Uh, and uh, model client stream is how we say that we want it to stream back the results. Uh, and so it's something that we've, we've already done from time to time, but that is an agent that has been created. And then the thing that brings it all together is something called on messages. That is what we call on an agent to pass in a bunch of messages, which we do right here. We just put our single message in a list. We pass that into all messages. You also have to pass in this thing called cancellation token, which is how it knows when the messages are finished. That's a sort of fiddly thing about about agent chat, but but I wouldn't worry about it. You just call, uh. And of course it's an async. It's a coroutine, so we have to await it. Await agent on messages pass in the list. You pass in this cancellation token, which is how the framework is going to know when this agent is completed. And then I'm going to print the chat message content. So we're passing in this message. Um, the messages I'd like to go to London and the assistant is, uh, your helpful assistant for an airline. You give short, humorous answers. Let's see what happens if we do this. Great choice. Just remember, if it starts raining, it's not a sign to panic. It's just London welcoming you. Ha! A nice humorous answer, of course, from our agent, and it's worth pointing out that we're having a same kind of moment as with, uh, OpenAI agents SDK. It's so easy to do this, to package it up and to make this call. It's really a nice, lightweight abstraction. There's not a lot of heaviness to this, just a lightweight abstraction around calling LMS. Well, let's take that a little bit further. Let's of course we have to bring in tools. It's always about tools. Let's bring in a tool, do something more interesting right now. Now we're going to make a tool that's going to get ticket prices. And we're going to arm our agent with the ability to look up ticket prices. And we might as well use like a SQLite database because people often like to think, say, say, okay, what would it be like if we had, uh, our agents being able to query the database? Now, there's there's sophisticated ways of doing it to actually write a SQL tool that gives agents the ability to write SQL. But in this case, it's perfectly simple. We can just write a tool that can just look up in the database. So let's do that right now. So we're going to import Sqlite3. We're going to create and we're going to delete tickets database if it already exists because we ran this before. And then once it's been deleted, we will then connect to a new database and create a table called cities, which has a city name and a round trip price. And uh, people that are familiar with this will know perfectly well that it's created a DB database that will now be empty. And we are going to populate our database with a bunch of tickets for to London, Paris, Rome, Madrid, Barcelona and Berlin. And that's been done. And we're going to write a simple query function get city price that takes a name, and it will get the round trip price to travel to the city. It will simply connect to the database and it will run a little select statement passing in the city name and return the result. And yes, for security conscious people, there's perhaps more things that I should do to make sure to validate this and make sure the city name is a city name and all the rest of it. But this is just a toy example for now. So we run this. We've got get get city price. Let's just check it out. Let's try get city price for London. It's populated in the database. We get back to 99. Let's do Rome and we get back for 99. That does appear to be working. And now check this out. This is the same as before. This, uh, creating an assistant agent. I'm calling it smart agent now because it's going to be smarter than before. Uh, otherwise that's the same. This is the same. We're passing in the same underlying client, the same underlying lm the system message. Uh, I have actually added in, but I'm not sure if it's necessary to tell it that it has the ability to look for a round trip ticket. Um, we're streaming again. We're passing in this function as one of our tools in here. And there's also this slightly curious attribute reflect on tool use, uh, which is a way of indicating that we don't just want it to return the tools results. We do want it to be able to take that and continue processing even after the tool has returned. True. We we continue until it replies. So that's like it's rare that you wouldn't want that to be true. So you should always assume that that will be your default, I think. Um, and that's I'm not thinking of something obvious. So, so this is the way we do it. And there's something to point out here, which is a tiny difference from the other frameworks, a tiny way in which autogen maybe is a little bit better, a little bit superior, that you'll notice we're just passing in this Python function directly here. We didn't have any kind of decorator or anything. You remember in OpenAI agents SDK, we had to put in a decorator. We've had to in things like Landgraaf, you have to to, uh, wrap it in a, like a tool. We haven't had to do anything like that. It's, um, it's just really lightweight. And it's because, of course, they've just got a little bit of extra stuff in the abstraction code that sees this as a Python function. It uses this comment to figure out the description of the tool. So it just does a bit of that for you. It makes life a tiny bit easier. Removing some of the of the of the learning curve, which I think is really nice. Um, so what we're now going to do is we're just simply going to call smart agent this guy on messages passing in our same message. I want to go to London. Um, and then just just for the for fun, I'm going to print the inner messages. I mentioned that the message construct isn't just for the human to the agent. It's also for what's going on between agents and inside the agent. So we can see that by printing its inner messages. And then we will print the result and let's run that. And this is what happens. So you can see first of all that there's been a function call. This was an inner message with city name set to London. And it's a get city price is the function call. Uh the results came back. The result was 2.99 and there we go. This is linked back to there, as you would hope. And then this is the final response from the model are the city of T and top hats. A round trip ticket to London will set you back 2.99. Just remember, the only thing you should pack is your sense of humor, because the weather might require it. Very droll. There we go. Uh, so, uh. Great. Great answer. But of course, more important than the great answer is the fact that it was so simple to write that tool, to have it make a SQL call to a database. That's right. Sitting right there. Uh, and to have that run use the tool, um, and it just shows, uh, first of all, um, how quick and simple agent chat is, but secondly, how good you're getting at understanding this stuff because honestly, this is so familiar to you now that this is just in a less than ten minutes, you're already an expert at agent chat.