And of course, I should have been clear on what I just said as I was, uh, waffling away about the problem with the agents going going, uh, off track that you can use more intelligent termination conditions to make sure that this doesn't go awry and that you keep your agent interactions on rails. Don't just look for a hard coded piece of text in an agent response if you don't want to get yourself in trouble, right. Uh, there's an exercise for you. Okay. But now, in the meantime, big drum roll MCP is a topic for next week. But it is, of course, all the rage. And so I thought I'd give you a teaser, a little a little tiny sense of what it's like to work with MCP without going into any detail, because I don't want to spoil the show for next time, but let's just do a quick, quick bit of looking at MCP within Autogen. Okay, so what is MCP? Well, again, I don't want to spoil it for next time, but but MCP amongst other things is just a nice, simple, elegant way that that we can package up tools so that different models can use those tools. It's like a it's it's not an abstraction layer. It's not particularly code. It's just an agreement for a way. If you write tools in this way, then models LMS can discover them and call them in many ways. If you think of it like with something like Langshan, there is an ecosystem and Lang Chain built some code and they built some wrappers that lang chain tools and they say, if you can wrap your stuff in a Lang chain tool, then anyone else writing lang chain or lang graph will be able to use the tools that have been packaged this way. And what anthropic have done with MCP is they've said, well, actually, let's just go simpler than that. We don't necessarily need to have this glue code. We can just say, look, anyone, if you write a function a particular way, that's good enough that as long as it conforms to a particular kind of spec, then that that can be a tool that we can make available to any model we want. So it's very similar to the long chain idea. It's just more open. And rather than saying you need to be part of the lang chain lang graph ecosystem, it's just saying, look, anyone can be part of the MCP ecosystem, anyone can use this. And anthropic describes MCP as being like the USB-C connector for AI for Llms. It's just an agreed protocol, an agreed way that we can plug models into tools and also into into what they call resources, which is stuff like context for RAC. Um, so if this was just to give you some intuition for it, I didn't mean to explain it because we will explain it next time next week. But, uh, one of the things that's great about Autogen is that not only do they give you a nice little, little wrapper so that you can use any Lang chain tool, but they also give you a nice little wrapper so you can use any MCP tool. So if there's an MCP tool out there you can just use it in Autogen really, really easily and that is what we're going to do right now. And so let me take you through this. This is the whole extent of the code. Uh, we are using the assistant agent. We're using the OpenAI chat completion client. And from Autogen tools, we're bringing in this class here. There are two different types of ways of working with MCP. And this is one of them. Uh, and we will talk about those next week, of course. And in particular, uh, we are going to be using a tool called MCP fetch. And what this, this this is going to be running locally on our computers. So we're going to kick off this tool to run locally on our computers. And because it's been written a certain way, that tool is just a tool we can use from Autogen. So the key to MCP is that different people can write tools and as long as they write them a certain way, you can just use them out of the box. It's a bit like saying people could like, write a long chain tool and you can just use it out of the box. But MCP is just more open, available to any ecosystem, not just the long chain ecosystem. So MCP server fetch is an example of a tool that is open source and available, and that you can just download and run it yourself. And that is what this thing here does. It runs it locally, and it is a tool which actually runs the playwright browser in a headless mode and allows it to go and fetch web pages. So it's doing something a bit similar to what we worked on with sidekick last week, but it's just doing it not not in a way that brings up the browser, but just does it quietly behind the scenes, headless as they call it. And it will run that and then it will, it will, uh, get those tools and it will put those tools into this thing called fetcher. And we can just provide fetcher in as our tools. That's it's, just as simple as that. And so, uh, yeah, basically what we're doing here is that we're using a public online tool available that runs Playwright Browser locally and uses that to scrape the web. And we're making that tool available to our assistant. And what we're going to ask our assistant to do is review the website epodunk.com. But you can change that to any website that you want and summarize what you learn and reply in markdown. So without further ado, let's kick this off. And again, the takeaway for you is just to show. And there we go. There I am. Look at that. A technology enthusiast with a focus on coding and experimenting with llms. Sounds about right. Uh uh. And oh look, it's got a link. I wonder if that's an actual link to my LinkedIn profile. It almost certainly is. Uh, these these, uh, things are amazing at it's replied in markdown, and I'm sure it's got the right, the right links. Uh, so, um, the, the this is cool. And the reason it's cool is that we've just used a tool that someone else has written for, for running playwrights in a headless way. And we have just incorporated that tool because that tool uses this, this open standard, this standard called MCP. We're able to just drop that tool in and use it from within Autogen. So just like we could use a Lang chain tool from within Autogen, we can use an MCP tool. Anyone that's written a tool that conforms to the MCP standard. And the cool thing about MCP is that it's such an open standard that anyone can write tools, and there are websites where you can get access to lots and lots of these tools. So it's like saying, we've got access to the Lang chain ecosystem only it's a whole lot more. It's this massive open source, public community ecosystem of tools. Anyone that writes tools that conforms to the MCP standard, you can then access just like this, and you can do it from within autogen in this way and immediately have access to any of them. So it's only meant to be a teaser. I wanted to show you how you can use MCP tools. Don't worry if you don't really understand. Just get an idea and we'll we'll go through MCP and then you can come back once you fully understand it and use lots and lots of MCP tools right here from Autogen. And so there we have it. We went multimodal. We looked at structured outputs. We used tools from Lang Chain. We saw briefly teams the round robin teams. And you can experiment with more should you wish. And then we introduced a special guest in the form of MCP tools. Your teaser your preview that we will come back to shortly. And that wraps up day two of Autogen. And it is the, the probably the our last deeper foray into Autogen agent chat. Next time we switch to Autogen core, the underlying infrastructure part. I'll see you then.