And welcome to our continuing exploits with Autogen. As we head into day three of week five and talk about Autogen core. So just to remind you, this is where Autogen core sits in the scheme of things. It is the kind of base. It is the basis of Autogen agent chat. And it's the fundamental infrastructure behind it all, which is exciting. One other thing I wanted to point out while we're on this screen is that you might have heard of something called Microsoft Semantic Kernel, and you might be wondering, where does Semantic Kernel fit into all this picture? Isn't that an agentic framework as well? And what's that got to do with all of these? Well, the answer is semantic kernel is a bit different. It is more akin to something like long chain. Semantic kernel is a reasonably heavyweight glue code that does things like wrapping calls to llms. It handles stuff like memory, it handles stuff like tool calling with its own sort of framework around that and its own name. It calls them plug ins and, uh, and, you know, everything else, structured outputs and so on. So it's very much akin analogous to long chain. It even has its own like prompt templating framework as well for building templates and populating templates and prompts. Um, so it's different. There is of course overlap. You can use semantic kernel to be managing things like tools and agent calls, and there is some agent functionality there. So there is some overlap that Microsoft's very aware of. But they would see it as a pretty different kind of offering. Autogen is is a high level more, very much more agent focused. All of this is is very much focused only exclusively on the world of building autonomous agent applications, where semantic kernel is more about stitching together calls to llms, generally for business purposes. Well, I hope that gives you some some context there and explains why we're not looking at semantic kernel for this course, because that's more something you might do alongside looking at long chain or something like that. Okay. Onwards. So what is Autogen core exactly? Well, well, here's a here's a story. So it is an agent interaction framework that that is how they describe it. And that's what it is. It is agnostic. It doesn't care about the platform, the product you're using to actually code your agents. The actual abstraction you have around agents, you could be just calling LMS directly, or you could be using an abstraction around them. Some some framework, some glue. Either way, doesn't matter to Autogen core. It is just about agents interacting. If you wish to use, uh, the agent chat framework as your agent abstraction, that works well, and that's what we'll do. And they're clearly somewhat designed for each other. And we know that that, uh, that agent chat is built on top of a autogen core. So, so that makes sense, but it doesn't require it. Um, a bit like Landgraf doesn't require Lange chain, but. But it helps if you use Lange chain because there's lots of similar kinds of of thinking there. So in some ways it is actually similar positioning to Landgraf. Landgraf, you could argue, is also about interactions between agents, although very much thinking of things in terms of the graph of operations and dependencies, the node graph that now we know so well, uh, but similarly, you could argue Autogen core is about interactions between operations. That's, that's what it, it, it thinks about. And similar to Landgraf, Autogen doesn't care. Autogen core doesn't care about how you've implemented your agents. So there's definitely some parallels there. Um, but the big difference is that Landgraf is all about this idea of robustness and repeatability. This this idea of being able to replay back in time everything that's been built around Landgraf is for that purpose, you can tell, Whereas it seems to me that the kind of the driving force behind autoencoder is more about building a kind of environment where agents can do things like, like interact with each other, where agents that could be in very distributed places, they could be all over the place and they could be very diverse. They could be written in different languages, they could use different abstractions, but they one could be written in JavaScript and one in Python. It could be from all sorts of different shapes and sizes, and they're all able to play nicely in the auto gen core world, because auto gen core takes care of the interactions between them, it takes care of creating them, and and it takes care of messages between them. So that's that's the kind of thesis behind auto gen Core. And arguably Landgraf also thinks about that kind of thing. I think it's just a different emphasis. This is the real emphasis of auto gen core. It's about the interactions and supporting diverse interactions.