So here's the core idea behind Autogen core. And I've already alluded to this idea, and it's that it's all about decoupling the logic of an agent, what it actually does from how messages get delivered to it, from the interplay between them. The framework deals with creating and communicating. It deals with creating agents, the whole life cycle of an agent, and the messages, the communication between them and the agents themselves or us as the people coding the agents. We're responsible for the logic. It's not the mandate of Autogen core. It just deals with with letting them play. And there's two ways that it lets them play. Two types of runtime. The runtime is the kind of world in which agents interact and the two types. One of them is called standalone, which basically essentially means it sort of runs on your box in a simple way. And the other distributed is that it runs in a way that could allow remote agents to interact with each other. So these are the two kinds, and you code them both a bit differently. We are going to look at the standalone one today, and we're going to go to the distributed one tomorrow. And look, I have to tell you, I'm only going to do this at a high level. We're going to breeze through this quite quickly and the examples will be somewhat superficial. And there's a reason for this. I feel like we've done enough detail on lots of frameworks and actually building agents. I'm not sure how applicable this is going to be to your use case. I think it's good for you to get a feel for it, and to get a good sense of how this is positioned and where it might be useful. And that's my goal. Give you a flavor, give you, give you that kind of sense of where it fits in the ecosystem and if it's relevant for you, if this is something that you do want to put into practice, then you should carry out more R&amp;D and work on this a bit more yourself. And I'll give you plenty of starting points for that. But I'm not going to go so deep into this as some of the other frameworks as like Landgraf last time, but enough so you get a feel for it. And then and then we, uh, we, we move on because I know you're anxious to get to MCP. All right. Let's let's do a lab. So here we are in good old cursor going to the fifth folder for Autogen, and we are going to lab three Autogen core. Uh, so this this is where we begin. Uh, there's, there's, as I say, something a little different. This is going to be different to anything we've looked at before. Um, okay. So there's a bunch of, uh, imports, including a good old, uh, load dot env. Let me just restart this, make sure it's fresh. Do, uh, do the load dot env. All right. So the first thing we do is we define our own object which is going to be used for passing information around the place, our own message object. And it is a type of, uh, I don't know if it's if this is required, but a data class means it's a class that's not going to have any feel any, any methods. All it is, is something that holds data in, uh, and that makes sense because the message is not going to be something with functionality. It's going to be used to transport transport information between our agents. And in a way, like doing this is sort of analogous to when we were in Landgraaf. We started by defining a state. Landgraaf is a state machine. It's very focused on what is the state and making sure that that's something that you can move backwards and forwards in. And it's interesting that, you know, auto Jens auto gen core fundamental idea is all about messaging. And so the thing that you start by defining is your message. And in our case, we're going to have a very simple one that just has one field which is content, which is a string. But you can experiment with what you pass between your agents being something much more sophisticated with all sorts of different bits of information. So there we have it. We have a message with a string, and that's all the message we'll be using for today. So now we get to define our agent in Autogen core. And it's important to bear in mind that the agent that we're about to create in Autogen core is different to the agent that we just created in Agent Chat. It's different. It's like a tongue twister to say all of this. It's hard to keep your mind on it. You're like, what? How is it different? Well, look, the agent that you define in Autoencoder is just like a wrapper. It's like saying this is a thing that can be messaged, it can be created, it can be managed, it can be referred to and it can be messaged. But what you do with this is your responsibility and you're going to have to delegate to something. But this, this, this is like a management object, if you will, a management object which you're going to use. And it has amongst other things, it has an agent ID and every agent has a unique ID, and that ID has two, two parts to it, a type and a key. So every single agent has a type and a key. And that combination of type and key is then unique and can uniquely identify it. So if you imagine when we in the future look at a distributed runtime in that runtime, there could be agents from from all over the world collaborating in this distributed runtime, but every one of them will have a unique type plus ID that that identifies it precisely, and any agent will be able to talk to another one if it knows it's its name and its ID, or its key and its ID. So this gives you a sort of good sense of the fabric of it, and that an agent class that you make is not actually an LLM. It's not an Autogen agent chat agent. It's just this management holder object, something which has a type and a key. So here is our first Autogen core agent. It's called Simple Agent. As you will see it is a subclass of something called rooted agent, which is the typical the thing that you that you have as your as your parent as your superclass. And it only has two, two methods. One of them is the init that the constructor. And all it does is it calls its its parents passing in its name. Simple. That's all it does. Then it has another, uh, method called on my message, which is an async. Uh, so it's a coroutine. It's an async method. It is an async coroutine. It is a coroutine. Uh, and it's decorated with message handler. And that's what matters. Any method that you decorate with message handler means that potentially this is something that will receive messages and Autogen core handles. The fact that you'll be able to register this, and a runtime is going to manage this. And if someone sends a message to something with my name and my ID, then it's going to end up here. At least it's going to end up here. If what they dispatch is a message of this class. So this is a bit of a pro thing, but you can have multiple different classes and you can use that to be able to handle different types of message. Uh this may be more detail than you need, but you you could, for example, have a text message and an image message and have two separate handlers. And just by virtue of the different signatures, the different method signatures, Autogen core will automatically dispatch the right message to the right method, the right coroutine. That's that's what it does. It's all about dispatching messages properly. Uh, and so this, this simple, uh, agent is going to return a, it's going to receive a message and it's going to return a message is now that I said it is a bit like this idea that in Landgraf we, uh, took in our nodes, took a state and returned a state. But this is just like a parallel thing. But it's all about messages. It receives a message, and it. And it returns a message. Um, and it's an async. It's a coroutine, as I said. So it receives a message. And this one isn't going to do anything with the message it receives. There's no lm, there's nothing here. It simply returns, uh, a message which has this is and gives my ID and my key. So it's sort of identifying itself as saying this is blah, blah, blah. You said and I'm going to I'm going to replay back what what the person said. So I do actually I do, I do use this. You said blah blah blah and I disagree. Uh, so that is simple, agent. Maybe I should call it a disagreeable agent. Uh, that's that's what it does. There's no lm there's no AI involved in this at all. It's, uh, you know, it's just a piece of code, but that that doesn't matter to auto gen core. Auto gen core just cares about the handling of messages.