All right, we're nearly there. We're nearly there. I've just got one more thing to show you, which is world pie, which is quite short, which is the overall thing. Creator pie. You have to send it. It's an agent, and you have to send creator a message like agent one, agent two, agent three, and it will create them. So this is where it all comes together. World pie is not an agent. This is this is just a Python script. Everything else you've seen has been agents. This is just a Python script, but it uses async Python in quite an interesting way. So there is this async function, this coroutine create and message which takes a worker uh, and a creator id and an I, which is going to be the agent number going 12345. Um, this how many agents up here is a pretty important one to look at. This is how many of these it's going to kick off at the same time. And the other thing that's unsafe about this, of course, is cost that this is going to hit, uh, the real API's. And for me it's cost like a couple of cents when I run this for 20 agents, which is pretty cheap, all things considered. And obviously if you do it for like three agents, it costs nothing. But there's a risk there that we are allowing in theory, the, the this, um, the agent creator could change the model requirements. It could, it could decide to use, uh, an expensive model instead of GPT four or many. And so that's that's just something to watch for. It's very unlikely. Uh, but it's not like it's not impossible. Anyways, we've got 20 agents here, so we've got this async method creator and and message it, uh, it says it takes this worker and it sends a message, uh, to the agent number, whatever dot dot pi. Um, and then it writes the results to idea whatever dot markdown. Um, that's, that's what all this, this thing here does. Okay. So now we go to our main async method and, our main async function, our coroutine. So it creates a host a gRPC worker agent runtime host as we did in the notebook before. It starts the host, it creates a worker and it starts the worker. It then registers the creator. So it registers the creator from creator dot pi that was imported here. So that will launch a creator. And this is its id creator default. Then this is the async thing. So I don't want to have a loop and call this creating worker after worker. Sorry creating agent after agent because then it will be serial or will happen one after another. If I do like a wait and then I call this this this coroutine, then we'll be waiting there. It will create one file. It will send it a message. Back will come the answer. Maybe it'll send it somewhere else, and then it will go on to the next. And we'll be sitting here waiting and it won't be exciting. But what you can do with coroutines, as you hopefully remember from we briefly talked about this, is that you can get a whole stash of coroutines together. So I haven't got the word await here, which you need if this is actually going to run. I'm just gathering a whole list of coroutines and then I await them using Asyncio gather and Asyncio gather runs them all in parallel. And as hopefully you remember, it's not like multithreading. They're not going to be actually running on different threads, like with the CPU chopping between them, but rather they're running in the event loop. That's how Asyncio Python works. They run an event loop so that every time it's waiting on OpenAI, which means it's waiting on a network connection, another one can be running, and that means they all get to run at the same time. And as long as I stay within my my rate limits with OpenAI, we'll be able to run plenty in parallel. And so it does all of that. And then at the end it stops and any exceptions it will, it will print them and that's it. This is, by the way, how you run async Python from the command line or from a from a Python module. Your main file needs to do this, which uh, brings which initiates an async IO event loop and then runs your async method, your coroutine. So that is how it hangs together. And I do believe this is it. I don't think I've got anything else to show you. I think you've seen everything. You've seen agent, which is the prototype, the thing that gets cloned creator which does the cloning agent by agent. It's called one by one. And, uh, world Pi is. This is not an agent. It's just Python code which will orchestrate, uh, which will launch the whole process running. Okay. All that remains to do is to actually show you this thing working. Let's see if it does work. See you in a sec. Okay, let's give this a whirl. So we'll bring up a command line. We'll make it nice and big. So we see what's going on. We will go into the fifth directory and now we don't say Python and then a module, but rather we say you've run and then world.py is our script that will call creator 20 times for 20 different creations. You're expecting to see Python modules appearing over time as it builds the Python agents. And then you should see ideas starting to appear as well. After the conversations have happened, it might take a bit of time. We'll see what happens. Do you think it's going to work? Some problems, some some messages about threads and gRPC. I don't know what that's about, but it doesn't seem to stop it. And then off it goes and you will see that it's that it says agent 16 is live. Agent 17 is live, agent nine is live. Lots of things going on. And now you'll see messages going between agents and lots, lots of stuff here. Let's take a look at some of these agents. You'll also start to see ideas are appearing here. We look at these agents. Here is a tech savvy innovator in the field of entertainment, gaming, film and virtual reality. 0.3 chance that he speaks to someone else or she and a 0.8 temperature. Let's try this one here. It's also another. This one is futuristic technology solutions. Very short system message 0.8 0.4 16. Finance industry this one. Innovate within the finance industry. Fintech, e-commerce and digital transformations. I wonder what this one will be. Agent 16 we should go and look at idea 16. It's already finished the 20 ideas. So it's very fast. And that's the great thing about this. We just created 20 agents. They just came up with ideas. Many of them will have had conversations. It all just happened while you were watching. And I do hope that this was worth your time investment for for this and that. You see the the as I say, the entertainment value and the educational value of going through this. Let's take a look at agent 16 and see the financial services ideas. Uh, let's open a preview and let's get rid of this. Oh, and the fact that we've got this. I absolutely love the vision behind fin, buddy. This thing at the top here tells us that this is the, uh, that this was sent to another agent for feedback. At least one agent added feedback to this. So this this went through a couple of people. So I absolutely love the vision behind Fin Buddy. It's a powerful concept, the potential to make significant impact on financial literacy and accessibility for underserved communities. Let's refine it and elevate the idea even further. Refined concepts. So this is great. It's an idea for applying Agentic AI to, uh, to financial services that's been refined by another agent, Fin Buddy, your AI powered financial companion for empowerment and inclusivity. Uh, so it's, uh, it's basically an education platform for, uh, for people who are under underserved in financial services. Contextual financial advisor. Localised community support hubs. Micro investment pools users can join collaborative investment pools collectively decide on small scale investments that is cool and engagement driven. Gamification with real rewards partner with local businesses. Very interesting, very interesting. Well, I might give this a read. My own. You might not hear from me again. Uh, so anyway, the the goal of this is to is to give you a live agentic platform where agents are created and agents collaborate and interact in an autonomous way in such an autonomous way that they were even created by another agent. And I hope you find this as satisfying as I do, and I hope it was worth it. I hope it was worth the half an hour investment to get here and do take a look through the code. If nothing else. As I say, it's it's definitely got some interesting, uh, Ideas built in there about how to use things like autogen for this kind of messaging between agents. And if nothing else, if you give it a run, if you feel bold, you will find a bunch of ideas. And maybe, maybe you'll be off on your yacht before too long. All right, I'll see you for the wrap up. Well, thank you for indulging me for the last half an hour of going through that project. I do hope that you at least found it somewhat interesting. Educational. And, yeah, it's opened your eyes a bit into some of what's possible at the frontier of Agentic AI, which is very much where Autogen is. It's very much an experimental and futuristic platform as we've seen ourselves first hand. So the challenge for you, the end of week challenge is an optional one, because this week has been experimental and a researchy week. But should you wish, uh, invest some more time in this, in this idea, uh, see if you can work with me on on the making it a bit more robust and something that it's safer for people to run, perhaps by dockerizing it, but in particular, something which I think would be fascinating would be to have it so that the creator is not only able to write new agents, but it's also able to write a new version of itself. It can create a new creator, modeling it off its own template of its own file, which it can also read. It might be interesting to turn that into a tool, rather than just having it be there in the Python code, have it be able to run a tool that reads in its own code, and it can then rewrite itself, making a replica something which itself is able to create new agents. And perhaps it could change its own logic slightly in some interesting way. So I think that would be fascinating. Super meta. It's something that creates creators. And then, I mean, if it creates itself, then in theory it can create creators of creators. Uh, so. Yeah. Mind blows. Uh, interesting. Interesting project. A great way importantly to be experimenting with interactions between agents in this kind of idea of an environment where the where the messaging, the communication and creation of agents is a separate concern from the implementation of the agents, which is, of course, the fundamental point of Agincourt. All right. And with that, finally, I'll stop yammering away about this. We're with the agent creator is done, and we are on to week six. The the fantastic, the exciting conclusion. And it is going to be a legendary week. Uh, I can't wait to show you everything that MCP is about and can offer, and I can't wait to return to OpenAI agents SDK. Still my favorite, even after enjoying all of the others, enjoying Crew and Landgraf a lot, and being generally, uh, entertained by by autogen and by the its forward thinking ness. But OpenAI agents SDK is next with MCP. I'll see you then.