So let's practice using Amazon Cognito, and we want first user pools. So we want to click on the left hand side on user pools, and you're taken here, and then create user pool. So here we're going to tell them about our application, so we have different options. We have traditional web application, single page application, mobile app, or machine-to-machine application. In this instance, we're just going to use a traditional web application and then we name it whatever we want, my web app, and then we configure options. So what do we want our sign-in options to be? So we want people to, for example, log in with an email, or it could be phone number or username, but email is good. And if you wanted to set up social sign-in, then we would need to set up federated users. So we'll see this in this configuration. And then what attributes do we want to require for sign-in, for example, the first name or the email, the birth date, and so on. Right now, nothing, so it's good. Okay, return URL is where people are going after successfully signing in. So this is your website, so here I'm just going to have example.com, but this tells you that they have successfully logged in, for example. Okay, so let's create this. And now we have created our first application and our user pool, and now we need to go ahead and continue the setup of our user pool. So let's go on the left hand side on this user pool right here, and I can click on it and I can configure it. So I will go on the left hand side and we have access to all the information we need for things. So our client is the application that will connect to user pool. This is the web application. Users is where we see all the users we have. So right now, no users, but we could create the user based on the email address, and then setting a temporary password. Groups is to group users. Here we could set up authentication methods. So we have several option. Here, we're going to send an email to verify email with Cognito, but in production, you would use Amazon SES, because Cognito is just for testing. You can send up to 50 emails per day. And then what's the from and the reply to address? So let's cancel this. SMS is to validate your users with SMS. Password policy is to set up a password policy to make sure that, for example, your minimum length is eight characters, your passwords expire in seven days, and then what are the requirements of the password requirements? And passkey is if you want people to sign in with biometrics and to bypass any kind of passwords. Okay, so for the sign-in experience, we can set the email, as we said there was this, the setting we had before, and we cannot edit it, but we can also edit, for example, multifactor authentication for higher security. And so you would edit this, and for example, say require MFA or optional MFA, and you would specify how your users are using multifactor authentication, as well as, for example, how you want users to recover. For sign-up, this is where you want to have a look at user verification, so we can have SMS verification, and then what attributes we want to have. This is not modifiable. So again, this is something you set up in the beginning. And then you can add custom attributes that you want if there's strings or numbers for people to register with, okay? And if they can register themselves, yes. So here we can set up what's called federated identity provider, and here we're able to, for example, say, "Hey, I want people to log in using Facebook or Google or Amazon or Apple or SAML or OpenID Connect." So this is a website. You know when you go and you have email password, but also you have a login with Google? This is where you would set this up, and each of these identity provider will have its own setup. And you can have extensions to plug in Lambda into Amazon Cognito user pools to invoke the Lambda functions after, for example, signup or after authentication or custom authentication or after messaging. So this allows you to really customize how Cognito is working. In terms of security, you have WAF to monitor requests to your pool and make sure you're not being attacked. You have threat protection to see if you wanna be protected on this user pool, and you can stream the logs as well to see if any of these logs may be suspicious. For your branding, you have a domain that's automatically generated, and if I open this, as you can see right now, it's missing authentication token, but we have access to our auth domain and you can set up your own custom domain if you have your own custom domain and you have something, for example, in root 53. But we, we need to create it here, and this would be a bit too much for now. Manage login is a way for you to manage the login directly from Cognito. So you have the hosted UI, that's the classic thing, or you have the managed login right here. And so here we have access to the styles of the managed login. So we can create the style, but we can also look at this style right here and you can really customize how you want your login to look. So this is my email address, my password, and then my sign-in button, but you have the option to customize pretty much anything as well as sign-in pages, continue as, the reset password page, for example, here and so on. So this is very powerful and this is the new edition. Before it used to be called Hosted UI, but now it's called Managed Login, and really allows you to have a custom experience for your app authentication pages. So now how do we test this login page? Well, I go to my overview and then there is view login page right here. So we have the sign in experience, but we are new user, so we're going to create an account, and here we need to enter an email address. So I like to use Mailinator as a service to go on the websites and get a fresh email. So I call this one demo-cognito, and that's it. That is temporary email address that I have on this website. So I'm going to use demo-cognito@mailinator.com and then you enter a password. So you enter a password that you have in mind, and then you sign up. So this is going to confirm our account, and so we need to enter the code. So first of all, if I go on the users now, as you can see, this user is now appearing here as our username, and the email is unverified for now, and the confirmation status is unconfirmed. So I go on Mailinator, and as you can see, I received one email with a verification code, so I'm going to paste this code and enter it here. And we confirm the account, and now we are redirected to example domain because this is after a successful again, where we set up the redirect URL to be built. Of course, this should be your websites. So this is perfect because the login has now been done, and if I refresh this, now my email is verified and my confirmation status is confirmed. And so this is super handy, because now, well, we are able to register users onto a user pool. Finally, if you wanted to edit your message templates, for example, your verification message, you would just edit this one and have more than just your verification code is whatever, and this could be something more of your brand, for example. So that's it. We've seen how to create users in Amazon Cognito user pools. We've seen the kind of settings we can have for authentication, security, and branding. We have actually registered a user and we have used the managed UI to actually have a login page. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.