So, just a short theory lecture to reiterate on what I've said in the hands-on. So first, we can use Lambda Triggers so that the Cognito User Pools can invoke any Lambda function synchronously on some of these triggers, and we've seen most of them, but so, the important ones are going to be around the authentication events, so pre-authentication, post-authentication and pre-token generation, we can have a Lambda trigger, for example, to accept or deny your sign-in request, to log events after a successful authentication for custom analytics or to augment and suppress token claims. Then for the sign-up, we can do a pre sign-up, post confirmation and migrate user Lambda trigger. This will be helpful, for example, in this one, to give a custom welcome message or event logging for custom analytics after a user has signed up. Finally, we can customize the messages that we send to the user thanks to a Lambda function, and finally, we can modify the token creation by adding or removing attributes in ID tokens. Another very nice thing about the Cognito User Pools is that we had a hosted authentication UI and that was allowing us not to program that UI in our application, we can just reuse the one Cognito has created for us, and with it we can handle the sign-up and signin workflows. In using this hosted UI, we have a foundation with all the integration for social logins, OIDC or SAML, so we don't have to reprogram everything, and if we wanted to include this UI into our own application, then we can customize the logo, as we've seen, and we can customize the CSS to make it look like it belongs to our websites. So this will be a login screen with your own custom logo in big. Now for the hosted UI, you may want to host it on your own domain and therefore a custom domain. So the trick you need to know is that if you're using custom domains with Cognito User Pools, regardless of where it is created, you must create an certificate for using HTTPS. That certificate must be in ACM, okay? And the region it needs to be in must be us-east-1. You have no other option. So, this is a trick because, well, even if you have a Cognito User Pool in, say eu-west-1, you must create it in us-east-1, your certificates. Now the custom domain, you must define it in the app integration section of Cognito User Pools because this is going to be a configuration for all app claims. This is a general configuration. Another very nice feature of Cognito User Pools is adaptive authentication. So the idea is that you allow your users to sign-in as normal using their username and password, but then with adaptive authentication, in case there is a suspicious login, then the sign-in can be blocked or we can reqUIre multi-factor authentication. How does it work? Well, each sign-in attempt is going to be examined by Cognito, and then is going to be a risk score, low, medium or high for how likely the sign-in request is going to be from a malicious attacker or an unknown login, and so, if that's the case, then users may be prompted for a second multifactor authentication only when there is risks. So you as a normal user, that Cognito is used to, maybe you log in from your own computer in your workplace, so you're good, you can sign-in using a password, but then if somehow you or someone else's tries to log in from a new location using your password again, Cognito may say, "Hm, that looks like a suspicious login. Please use MFA to verify your identity." So the risk score is based on many different factors, such as if the user is using the same device as usual, the location, the IP address, and so on. And in case of compromised credentials, there is account takeover protection and there will be phone and email verification as well. On top of it, any kind of work done by the adaptive authentication mechanism is going to be seen in CloudWatch logs, such as the sign-in attempts, the risk score, the fail challenges, and so on. Now, when you log in with a Cognito User Pool, what you get back from the pool is a JWT Token or a JSON Web Token. And so these are Base64 encoded. You'll have what's called the header, the payload and the signature, and so Base64 is allowing you to transmit that over the network easily, and then it's going to be decoded and it looks like this. So this is a JWT Token payload. The header is not represented, that's the first line and the token signature is not represented, that's the last line. What I've shown you is the payload, and the payload indicates a lot of information about the user. We'll go over it in a second, but first, when you receive a JWT, to trust what's in the payload, you need to verify the signature. So, the signature is the thing at the very bottom, and there is an algorithm that allows you to say, "Okay, if the signature is correct then I can trust whatever information is in the payload, because otherwise, if that wasn't the case, you could declare here whatever user, and so there are libraries to verify a JWT Token, and once it's done, you can use the payload, and so the payload contains user information. So here for example, we have the sub UUID, which represents the user ID in the Cognito User Pool database. So using that sub UUID, you could, for example, recover any kind of information you want about your user that you've stored in the Cognito database. So, from the Cognito database, you could recover, for example, the user email, the given name, the phone number, any attributes you've defined as part of your Cognito User Pool. Then there's some other fields we can look at. For example, you'll have the username, the Cognito groups. You may have also the expiry of this Jason Web Token, all of this, as part of the payload, but again, if you need extra information, please look up the user in the Cognito user portal database using the user ID with the sub UUID. Okay, so that's it. We've seen all we need to know about Cognito User Pools. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.