So we know we can integrate Cognito with the API gateway to authenticate users, but we can actually do the very same thing with an application load balancer. So your ALB can securely authenticate user and this allows you to remove the work away from your application and have this responsibility put on your load balancer so that your applications can only focus on their business logic. So you can authenticate in multiple ways for your application load balancer. The first one is to use an identity provider that is OpenID Connect, so OIDC-compliant. The second option is to use Cognito user pools and this is for social identity providers such as Amazon login, Facebook login, or Google login or if you have corporate identities that are compatible with SAML, LDAP, or Microsoft AD. So the first one, first option is to integrate directly without Cognito user pools and the second option is to use Cognito user pools, and I will show you them both in this lecture. Now to make it work, you must set up an HTTPS listener, S for secure, and then you can set either the authenticate-oidc or the authenticate-cognito rules. So when you go and you configure your load balancer, you will see something like this where as you can see for this listener detail on HTTPS, the first default action is to authenticate and then to forward to your backend. Now in case your user is unauthenticated, what do we do? We have the option, we have three options. The first one is to naturally say please authenticate. That's the default one. But you can also just deny the request altogether or allow the request altogether, and allow would be very helpful, for example, for your login page because people would access your login page without first being authenticated. So how does that work? Well, let's say we have an application load balancer connected to Amazon ECS and we want to implement a login through Amazon Cognito in which case the users will do GET/api/data. Then the ALB is going to be set up with HTTPS with the action authenticate-cognito. So Cognito will do its thing and authenticate the user, and then the payload and the request is passed on to Amazon ECS with the added information of the user that was doing the request from Cognito. And this is very helpful because now you have more information to deal with with Amazon with your application, for example, with Amazon ECS, and you can return a specific response that is based on what the user information is. So to set it up, it's very easy. You go to the ALB UI and then you would first create a Cognito user pool, a client, and a domain. You make sure that the ID token, the JWT token, is returned, but this is the default in Cognito user pools. Then you connect your Cognito user pool to your social or your corporate IdP if that's what you want, and then you set up several URL redirections and then you go ahead and you set up more callback URLs which are very specific to Cognito user pool so I don't wanna linger on this. And then you just link that Cognito user pool into your ALB with the specific app clients and you're good to go. So it's quite easy. In case you're using OIDC authentication, there is a little bit more work because it's not using the Cognito integration. You can just integrate with any OIDC-compliant identity provider. So let's take the same example. They will be an HTTP requests. Then the ALB is going to redirect the user for authentication to the authentication endpoint of your identity provider which is going to grant an authorization code. The authorization code is going to be passed to the ALB which is going to send it to the token endpoint. So the grant code is going to be switched and exchanged for an ID token and an access token. And then your ALB will again do a request to the user info endpoint of your identity provider to exchange that access token for a user claims. And user claims is basically saying hey, this is the user id, this is the user attributes, and so on. And then once the user claims is obtained, then the request is going to be sent to Amazon ECS with the original request and the user claims. We get the response and the response gets passed to the user. So similar functioning as Cognito but a bit more request happening between your ALB and your identity provider. So a bit more, as you can see, settings to configure as well. So we have what is the authorization endpoint, the token endpoint, the user info endpoint. We need to set up a client's ID and a client secret and then we need to allow proper redirection, again just like before so that your ALB and your OpenID Connect endpoints can function together. But you've seen now the two ways to authenticate users with your ALB. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.