Speaker: Okay, so let's go through the lab on cube config or security context. So, where is the default cube config file located in the current environment? Find the current home directory by looking at the home environment variable. So, let's look at home. And home is set to root, which is current directory we are in. So, we know that it's usually under the cube, the hidden cube directory. So we have a cube directory here. And then, and you have config here. So, if you look at this, you have .cube/config and that's really the cube config file. So, it's at root.cube/config. So, root.cube/config, that's the one. Now, how many clusters are defined in the default cube config file? So, if you look at this, your clusters, you have one cluster and then you have context. So, you just have one cluster. So that's one. How many users are defined in the default cube config file? So, here you see the users are just one again. So, here you have the user and you have the certificate information here. So it's just one. How many contacts are defined in the default cube config file? If you look at the context, you have one, and that's just one. So, you just have one context. Now, what is the user configured in the current context? So, if you look at the current context, it's Corrinasadmin@Kubernetes. That's the name of the context. And so that is, this. So this is that context. And if you look at this, the user is Kubernetes admin. So remember that this is just the name. So, you shouldn't assume that this is the actual user, configured, but it so happens that in this case, the name and convention is this user at the cluster. But you should always look at this field. So this is the actual user that's configured, for that context. So, it is Kubernetes-admin. Now, what is the name of the cluster configured in the default cube config file? So the name of the cluster. So this is the cluster and the name is Kubernetes. Okay, so a new cube config file names, my cube config, is created and it's in the root directory. So, let's look at that, my cube config. And it is placed in the root directory. And how many clusters are defined in that cube config file? So let's look at this file. So you have one, two, three, four, four clusters. How many contexts are configured in the my cube config file? If you look at this, you have one, two, three, four, four context. What user is configured in the research context? So, if you look at the research context you see that the user is dev user. So that's dev user, is that user. Now what is the name of the client certificate file configured for the AWS user? So you have, users here and you have AWS user. The client certificate file. The file name, is AWSuser.CRT. So that's AWSuser.CRT. What is the current context set to, in the my cube config file? The current context, as you can see here, it's testuser@development. So that's the current context. That's testuser@development. Now, I would like to use the dev user to access test cluster one. I set the current context to the right one, so I can do that. And once the right context is identified use the cubicle config, use context command. So, dev user to access test cluster one. So, we're gonna look at context and dev user, dev user. So this is the dev user. And to access test cluster one there's already a context, called research, created. So we're going to use that. So what we need to do, is use the cube cuttle config command. So cube cuttle config command, and use context command. And the context that we're going to use is research. Now remember that, by default, the cube config, cube cuttle config command, I will use the default cube config file, which is in root.cube/config. This is in a different file that we want it to work on. So, we have to provide this file name, like this. Okay, so switched to context research. Let's check it out. And we see that the current context, but in the file, is set to research. Okay, let's check the work. Now, we don't want to have to specify the cube config file option, on each command. So, make the my cube config file the default cube config file. So, this is what we want use, going forward. So, what we're going to do is, gonna move this cube config file, as the default one, which is available here. Okay, let's make sure that move was complete. Yep. So, going forward, we don't have to... We can do a cube (indistinct) config view and we can see that, this is the new view. Yes, Check it. So, this is the new file. Okay. Now with the current context set to research, we are trying to access the cluster. However, something seems to be wrong, identify and fix the issue. So, let's do a cube cuttle at notes command. We see that there's something wrong. So it says, unable to read client cert. PTC Kubernetes, PKI users, dev user, developeruser.CRT, for the dev user. So, let's check, in terms of the file. And we see that, the dev user has a client certificate, which is set to, dev user developer user.CRT. Now, all user certificates are stored in this directory. So let's go here, we have the dev user, let's go here. And we see that it's devuser.CRT, devuser.CSR, devuser.key. So, it's devuser.CRT, not developeruser.CRT. So we're gonna have to modify that. So let's go in and let's change this. So that's fixed. Let's try it again. Yep, that seems to be working. Okay, so that is the end of this lab.