-: Okay, in this lab we'll go over cluster roles and cluster role bindings. So for the first few questions of this lab you would have to inspect the existing cluster roles and cluster role bindings that have already been created, so let's go over that. So how many cluster roles do you see defined in the cluster? So let's do a cuddle get cluster roles. Okay, so there seems to be a lot. So you have the cluster admin, a lot of system cluster roles, and then a few others. So we're going to count this, but we're not gonna count it manually. So we're gonna do no headers, right? And then we're gonna do a word count, sorry. Word count dash L and that's 69. So we're gonna select 69. Now how many cluster role bindings exist on the system? So let's do the same thing. We're gonna give cluster role bindings and that's 54. Now what namespace is the cluster admin cluster role apart of? So if you do a get, that'll get cluster roles you'll see that they all are here. But as we learned these are not name space. So cluster roles and cluster role bindings are not name space. So they're not specific to any name space. So cluster roles are cluster wide and not part of any name space. So that's the correct answer here. Now, what user or groups are the cluster admin role bound to? So the cluster role binding for the role is with the same name. Let's Take a look at that. Okay, let's get cluster role bindings and look for a cluster admin. So the cluster admin role is associated with the cluster admin cluster role binding. There are a few others as well, but we're just gonna look at this. So let's describe the cluster role bindings or cluster admin, and we see that it's part of the group system U masters. So it's asking the user and groups. We can also check these out. Let's check those out. As you can see, they're associated with a service account, and I'm guessing this is to associate with a service account. So we'll just focus on this, and it's associated with the system masters group. So all of this is system masters. Now what level of permission does the cluster admin role grant? So let's take a look at that. That'll describe cluster role and cluster admin. And we see that it's all star, star, dot, star, and star, star, star. So star means any and all access to all resources. So that's basically perform any action on any resource in the cluster. Now a new user, now Michelle joined the team. She will be focusing on the nodes in the cluster. So create the required cluster role and cluster role bindings so she gets access to the node. So basically we're looking kube cuddle get nodes but as the user Michelle, and as you can see it says nodes, forbidden user Michelle cannot less resource nodes in the APA group. So it does not give any kind of specifications on the cluster role name, role bindings. So basically we should be able to do, we should be able to create any role and role bindings as we want. As long as this command works this exercise should be good. So if there are no specifications given, we are free to you know name things anything as we want. So let's do a kube cuddle create cluster role. Let's look at the health. And we see kube cuddle create cluster role, then the name, followed by work and resource. And this is basically what we want. So we're going to name this, let's say Michelle role, and we should have a get list and watch. And the resource is nodes. Okay, Now we have to create a cluster role binding. Cluster role binding, and let's look at the help. And so a cluster role binding binds a cluster role to a user, right? So as simple as that. We're going to create a cluster role binding. We'll call this, we'll call this Michelle role binding. Then we'll have cluster role, which is Michelle role. That's what we created. And the user is Michelle. Let's take a look at that cluster role. So let's first look at the Michelle role and then let's look at your role binding, which is a role binding. So we have get list and watch access to nodes. Then we have the Michelle role associated with Michelle user. So let's try the command again to test access. So kube cuddle get nodes as Michelle. And that's working. Okay, so let's check our work. Okay, so that's successful. Now the next question is Michelle's responsibilities are growing and now she will be responsible for storage as well. So create the required cluster role and role bindings to allow her access to storage. Get the API groups and resource names from the command kube cuddle API resources. So the kube cuddle API resources command is a command that'll help you quickly. Let's just maximize this so we can see it better. Okay, so this command lists all the resources as well as their short names. So if you ever want to know what the short names are for some of these this is the command that you should look at. So deployments have deployed because it's have MRS. So that's one thing. It also lists the EPA version. So when you're creating an object and if you're not sure about the EPA version this is something that you can look at. And also if they're names based or not. So as we learned the personal volumes and personal volume claims, I'm sorry the cluster role bindings are not name space. So you should be able to see those here. So cluster roles and cluster role bindings are not name spaced. And this is the kind that you would use while creating a definition file. Right, so that's pretty neat. So what we want to do is we want to create back. So we wanna create a cluster role to allow Michelle access to storage classes. So I'm gonna do a create cluster role. The name is storage admin. So storage admin, and the resource, there are two resources, persistent volumes and storage classes. So first resource is persistent volumes. Skip that, and storage classes, skip that. And the verbs are, let's do list, create it and watch. So that those are the four words that are used. So let's give this a shot. Okay, so it's created and let's check it out. Kube cuddle describe cluster role storage admin. Okay? So that's created the role. And I wanna look at the role in the yaml format. And we can see that the cluster role is created. Name a storage admin. There are two rules. So it's created two rules, one for each resource. So you have persistent and volumes and then you have storage class. Okay, so that's good. Now we have to create the cluster role binding. So which is this? So cuddle create cluster role. So the name is Michelle storage admin. The user is Michelle, and the cluster role is storage admin. Okay, so let's take a look. Okay, and we can see the cluster role that is associated to the storage admin, and the user is Michelle. So let's do a kube cuddle as well and get storage process and see that that's working as expected. Okay. So that's about it. Well that's the end of this lab.