-: In this video, I'm gonna walk you through the solutions for the admission controllers lab. And for the first question it's asking, what is not a function of admission controllers? And the correct answer is authenticate users. The admission controllers doesn't handle any of the authentication side of things, that actually takes place after the authentication. The next question is asking which admission controller is not enabled by default? And so the way we can get this information is by checking the enable admission plugins in the kubeapi server help options. So I do a kubectl get pods -: ncube-system. You'll see that we have the kubeapi server control plane. So I'm gonna do a kubectl exec-it. And I'm gonna grab this pod -: n kube system. Then I'm gonna run a specific command. I'm gonna run the kube-apiserver and then we're passing the -h flag. And what I wanna do is I wanna grep for enable admission plugins and the output we're looking for is right here. So it says admission plugins that should be enabled in addition to the default enabled ones. So this list right here is going to be the list of all of the default enabled plugins. And so we could see namespace lifecycle is enabled by default. So that's not the answer. We'll take a look at mutating admission webhooks. If it shows up on this list that means it's enabled by default. So here's mutating admission webhook then we have validating admission webhook. However, we don't see NamespaceAutoProvision in this list. So NamespaceAutoProvision is not enabled by default. The next question is asking which admission controller is enabled in this cluster, which is normally disabled. And so we have to go to the kube-apiserver.yaml config. So this is going to be in /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-apiserver.yaml. And what we wanna do is we can search for something by doing a forward slash and then searching for enable-admission-plugin. And so you could see what is enabled that wasn't enabled by default, and that's gonna be node restrictions. So this is the plugin that was enabled which isn't enabled by default. And if you don't wanna go into vi we can always just grep for this. So I can say grep enable-admission-plugins and then pass the path to that specific file. And so this is gonna show us all the plugins that are enabled. So node restriction is the correct answer. The next question is telling us to create an engine X pod in the blue namespace. And it points out that the blue namespace has not been created yet and it explicitly tells us to not create the namespace beforehand. So let's copy this command which is going to create that pod. And we can see that it throws an error because the namespace blue was not found. Now the reason this ultimately failed and it threw that error was because Kubernetes has a NamespaceExist admission controller enabled which rejects requests and namespaces that do not exist. So if you wanted it to automatically create a namespace for you, you could enable the namespace auto provision admission controller. And for this question, that's going to be the task at hand. We have to enable that specific admission controller. And so to do that, we wanna go back into that same file the /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-apiserver. And we wanna go down to the same line we looked at at one of the previous questions which is the enable admission plugins and we could see we just have node restrictions. So we're just gonna add the new one after this. So we'll just add a comma and then put in the name of the new admission controller that you want enabled. So that's gonna be NamespaceAutoProvision. Then we'll save that. And after we save that, the API server is going to restart. And we'll give this a couple minutes before we run the validation because it takes a little while for it to restart. All right, let's run the validation. Okay, so now it's telling us to run that nginx pod in the blue namespace again and check to see if it succeeds. So I'm just gonna hit the up arrow a couple times. We're gonna run the same command. And once again, keep in mind, right now the namespace, blue, does not exist. So when we run this, what should happen is, it should now create a namespace called blue. So if I do a kubectl get namespace, we can now see that the blue namespace was created seven seconds ago. And so that's because of that admission controller. And this next question is just pointing out that the namespace exists in the namespace auto provision and mission controllers are deprecated and are now replaced by the namespace lifecycle admission controller. The next question is asking us to disable the default storage class admission controller. So once again, we're gonna go into the kubeapi server yaml manifest. So I'm gonna do vi/etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-apiserver. And just like we had the enable admission plugin we're going to add a disable admission plugin. So I'm gonna go right below this line and I'm gonna say disable-admission-plugins equals and then we're gonna add DefaultStorageClass. And once again, after you make these changes, the API server is gonna have to restart. So give it a couple minutes and then we'll run the validation. And for the final question, it says that the kubeapi server is running as a pod. So you could check the process to see enabled and disabled plug-ins. So if we just copy this command this is going to list out all of the enabled and disabled plug-ins with this command. And that's going to wrap up the admission controllers lab.