-: In this video, I'm gonna walk you through the validating and mutating admission controllers lab. For the first question is asking, "Which one of the below combinations is correct for mutating and validating admissions controllers?" So for the first one, it says that a namespace auto-provision admission controller is mutating. And when you think about it since it's automatically, you know, creating a namespace and changing something mid, right? That would be correct. And then the namespace exists. Well that's gonna be validation 'cause it's validating to see if a namespace exists. So, the first one actually ends up being the correct answer. If you take a look at the other ones, Namespace auto-provision validating, the auto-provision is not validating, it's actually just making a change for you. Namespace exists is the validation. So, it's gonna be the first one. "What is the flow of invocation of the admission controllers?" Well, the way it goes is first it mutates, and then it validates. So, it's going to be the first answer here. Next question is asking us to create a namespace called Webhook-demo. So that's just gonna be kubectl create ns webhook-demo. And if I do a kubectl get ns we can see our newly created namespace. The next question is asking us to create a TLS Secret called webhook-server-tls for a secure webhook communication in the webhook-demo namespace. And it's already created a certificate and a key. And these are gonna be the respective paths for both of those. And so to create a TLS Secret, we can do kubectl. And we'll do -n to provide the namespace. That's gonna be the new webhook-demo. And then we're gonna create a secret tls and then this will be webhook-server-tls. And then I'm gonna go down to the next line to keep everything pretty --cert. And then now we provide the path to the cert. So, this is gonna be this path right here. And then we're gonna provide the path to the key which is gonna be this path here. And then we can hit enter and then it was successfully created. I'll then run the validation. For the next question, It's asking us to create a webhook deployment and they've already provided us a sample deployment definition. And so if you wanna take a look at that, we can just do catwebhookdeployment.yaml So, we're gonna just deploy this until all we have to do is do a kubectl apply -: f and then we'll just call webhook deployment. So, that's been deployed. And then for the webhook, we also need to create a service so that it can communicate, and we've already been provided a service configuration that's gonna be in webhook-service. You can take a look at that if you want. I'm gonna do a kubectl apply-f webhook-service. And a mutating webhook configuration has been supplied to us under webhook-configuration.yaml and it's asking us, "If we apply this configuration, which resource actions will it affect?" So, let's actually take a look at this. So, we'll do webhook-configuration. And if you wanna figure out what is doing, go under the rule section and we can see that it works for operations of creating on resources of pods. So, pod with the create operations. Now, we have to deploy the webhook configuration. So, once again we'll just do a kubectl apply-f webhook-configuration. So, in the previous step we deployed a demo webhook which does the following. It denies all requests for a pod to run as route in container if no security context is provided. So, if no value is set for run as non-root, a default of true is applied in the user ID defaults to 1234. In addition to it, it allows a container to run as route if the run as non-root is explicitly set to false in the security context. So, what we're gonna do is we're first going to test this out by deploying a pod with no security context. So, there's been a configuration provided under pod with defaults. So, you can see there's nothing provided from a security context perspective. So, it's just gonna use the default. So, I'm gonna do a kubectl apply-f and then we'll do pod-withdefault And so the next question's asking us, "What are the run as non-root and run as user values for the previously created pod security context?" Because remember, we didn't explicitly provide this. So, I'm gonna do a kubectl: get pod and it's gonna be pod-withdefault. And then I'm gonna do a -oyaml. I wanna see the configuration and hold on, what is this called? Get pod and I realize I forgot the S. And so if we look for a security context, we should see what provided. So, we could see when you provide nothing, it's going to default to runAsNonRoot: true and the user's gonna be 1234. So, we wanna find run runAsNonRoot: true run as user1234. The next question is asking us to deploy a pod with a security context explicitly allowing to run as root. And this definition file for this has already been provided. So, if we take a look at pod with override, we can see that the security context is set to runAsNonRoot: false So if we do a kubectl apply, so we can deploy this. We can check this now and go to the next question. The next question is asking us to deploy a pod with a conflicting security context. So, a pod with conflict .YAML is gonna provide the definition for that. So, if we take a look at that, and we can see under security context, it's set for run, runAsNonRoot: true And it's gonna say, run as user of zero. So, do kubectl apply-f and we should see that it's going to reject this because we are asking to runAsNonRoot: true but then run as user set to zero, which is the root user so. You can't have runAsNonRoot: true and then asked to be run as a root user. So, we would have to set it as false. And so the validation was successful and it rejected the application of the creation of this pod. And that's going to wrap up this lab session.