Instructor: We will now discuss about API versions. We talked about APIs and API groups, resources and verbs. Now we are going to talk about API versions. We know that everything under APIs are the API groups such as apps, extensions, networking, et cetera. And each API group has different versions. Now, what we see here is the V1 version. When an API group is at V1 that means it is a GA stable version generally available stable version. The API group may have other versions such as Beta or Alpha as V1 Beta 1 or V1 Alpha 1 respectively. So what are these different versions? What do these each of these versions mean? Now Alpha is when an API is first developed and merged to the Kubernetes code base and becomes part of the Kubernetes released for the very first time. At this stage, the API version has Alpha in its name indicating that it is an Alpha release. For example, it could be V1 Alpha 1 or V1 Alpha two, et cetera. This API group is not enabled by default. For example, at the time of this recording, the API group internal dot API server dot case dot io, which has the resource storage version is only available as V1 Alpha 1. This means that if you were to create this object now you will have to say in the amul definition file the API version as internal API server dot case dot io/ V1 Alpha 1. However, this Alpha version is not enabled by default. So if you try to create this object you will not be able to do that. We'll discuss about how to enable a particular API version specifically those in the Alpha version, a few minutes later in this video. Now, since this is an Alpha version it may lack end to end tests and may have bugs. As such, it is not very reliable. Also, there is no guarantee that this API will be available in the future releases. It may be dropped without any notice in future releases. As such, this is only really for expert users who are interested in testing and giving early feedback for the API group. As of this recording the API groups in Alpha phase are the internal API server dot case dot IO group. Now, after some time the Alpha version and once all the major bug are fixed and it has end to end test, it moves to the Beta stage. This is where the API version name gets Beta in name. For example, V1 Beta one or V1 Beta two, et cetera. The API groups in Beta stage are enabled by default and they have end-to-end tests. But since it is not GA, it may still have minor bugs. However, there is commitment from the project that it may be moved to GA in the future. This is for users who are interested in Beta testing and providing feedback for the features. As of now, the flow control group is in Beta phase, as as you can see from this chart. Now, after being in the Beta stage for a few months and with a few releases the API group moves to the GA or stable version. Now, this is when the version number no longer has Alpha or Beta in it. Instead, it is just V1, and it is of course enabled by default in the API group, and it is part of conformance tests and has all the tests written. Now, since most bugs are fixed in Alpha and Beta stages in the API group, this API group is highly reliable and it'll be supported and present in many feature releases to come. And of course, this is when it is available to all users. Now, as you might have noticed most of the API groups such as apps, authentication authorization certificates, coordination, et cetera are GA and stable now. However, if you look at some of them, they have multiple versions. For example, autoscaling has V1, V2, Beta 2, V2, Beta 1, et cetera. The node API group has V1 V1 Beta 1 and V1 Alpha versions. And so why is that and what does that mean? So an API group can support multiple versions at the same time. For example, the apps group can have.. V1 Beta 1 and V1 Alpha 1 all at the same time. This would mean that you will be able to create the same object using any of these versions in your YAML file. So say I want to create an nginx dot yaml, I could create it with the API version set to V1 Alpha 1 or V1 Beta 1 or V1. So any of these will work. But even though there are multiple versions supported at the same time, only one can be the preferred or storage version. So what is a preferred version? Now, when you have multiple versions enabled and you run the cuckoo get deployment command which version is the command going to query? That's defined by the preferred version. In this case, if V1 is set to the preferred version then that is the command that it will query. Or when you run the kubectl explain command the version that it returns is the preferred API version. Also, when multiple versions are present, only one version can be the storage version. This means if any object is created with the API version set to anything other than the storage version, such as V1 Alpha 1 or V1 Beta 1, then those will be converted to the storage version, which is V1 before storing them into the etcd database. So that's what the preferred and storage versions mean. Preferred is the default version used when you retrieve information through the API using kubectl get command or something like that. And the storage version is the version in which an object is stored in etcd respective of the version you have used in the yaml file while creating the object. Remember, only one can be the preferred or storage version. And even though the preferred and storage versions are usually the same they can be different. They don't necessarily have to be the same. So how do you identify the the preferred version if there are multiple APIs? So the preferred version is listed when you list that specific API. For example, when I list the APIs available for the batch API group, by going to the URL as shown here I see that it has V1 and V1 Beta 1 versions available which are the supported API versions of which the preferred version is V1 as is shown below. And as of now it is not possible to see which is the storage version of a particular API through an API or a command. The one way to find that out is by looking at the stored object in etcd itself by querying the etcd database directly. Here's a sample command where we are querying the blue deployment object using the etcd kubectl utility using the get command. And in the output we see the API version to be apps slash V1. So to enable or disable a specific version you must add it to the runtime config parameter of the Kube API server service. For example, we talked about a number of Alpha APIs earlier and since these APIs are not enabled by default you will not be able to create objects for them. So if you'd like to try those out what you could do is you could actually add those to the runtime config parameter and the APIs here are comma separated and you would like to enable and specify the APIs that you would like to enable. And of course, once you do that you must remember to always restart the API server service. And that goes to whenever you edit these options. And once done you should be able to use that API and test it out. Well, that's all for now and I will see you in the next lecture.