-: We will now discuss about API deprecations. So we discussed that a single API group can support multiple versions at a time, but why do you need to support multiple versions and how many should you support? When can you remove an older version that is no longer required? This is answered by the API deprecation policy. By looking at the answers to these questions we will also understand the rules in the API deprecation policy. First, let's look at the why. Let me give you a quick tour of the life cycle of an API group. Let's for example say that we are planning to contribute to the Kubernetes project. So we create an API group called code cloud.com under which we have two resources called Cores and Webinar. This is just an example. So we develop it in-house and we test it and when we are ready to merge it to the Kubernetes project we raise a PR and hopefully it gets accepted and we release it as an alpha version. So we call it V1 Alpha one because it's the first alpha version of the V1 version you can create a course or a webinar object using yaul file like this and using the API version code cloud.com/v1 alpha one. Now, let's say for instance the webinar object didn't go well with the users and we decided to remove it. In the next Kubernetes release. can we just remove it from the V one alpha one version? No. That's where the first rule of API application policy comes into play. API elements may only be removed by incrementing the version of the API group meaning you can only remove the webinar element from the WE one alpha two version of the API group. It will continue to be present in the V one alpha one version of the element. So at this point, the resource in database is still at B one Alpha one but our API version has now changed to B one alpha two. So this is now going to be a problem. We will need to go back and change all API versions in our files from B one alpha one to V one alpha two which is why the new releases must support both V one alpha one and V one alpha two. But the preferred or storage version could be we one alpha two. This means that the users can use the same yamo files to create the resources, but internally it would be converted and stored as V one alpha two. So that brings us to the second rule of API deprecation policy. API objects must be able to round trip between API versions in a given release without information loss with the exception of whole risk resources that do not exist in some versions. If we create an API, an object in the V one alpha one version and it is converted to V one alpha two and then back to V one alpha one, it should be the same as the original V one alpha one version. For example, we have a course object in B one alpha one. It has a spec field called type set two video. This is then converted to B one alpha two with B one alpha two we introduced a new field called Duration. This field was not there in we one alpha one where we now convert this back to B one Alpha one. It will now have the new field, but the original one didn't. So we must add an equivalent field in B one alpha one version so that the converted B one alpha one matches the original B one alpha one version. So continuing with our story we fixed some more bugs and are now ready for beta. Our first beta version called v1, BTA one is now ready and then after a few months we release the next beta version of v1 beta two. And finally we release our stable version, the GA version which we call as v1. So that's kind of how an API evolves over time. Starts with we want alpha one, then alpha two you required more alpha versions and then to beta versions beta one, beta two, and more beta versions if required. And finally we want now we don't have to have all the versions available at all times like this. Of course, we must deprecate and remove older versions as we release newer versions. So let's look at what are the rules and best practices around that. So let's say with the Kubernetes release of version X and we released the B one alpha one version of our API group. So X here could be Kubernetes version release 12.1 0.1 for example. And that's the first time our package was included. So we made it version V one alpha one. Now since it is the only version it is the preferred and storage version. With the Kubernetes release of x plus one we released the V1 alpha two version of our API group. Now, since we are in the alpha phase we are not required to keep the older V1 alpha one version as part of this new release. And this is part of the rule for a of the Kubernetes deprecation policy. This rule states that other than the most recent API versions in each track older API versions must be supported after they're announced deprecation for a duration of no less than GA 12 months or three releases for GA and nine months or three releases for beta and zero releases for alpha. So alpha versions need not be supported for any release, but beta and GA versions once released must be supported anywhere from nine to 12 months. So that's why the release x plus one does not have V1 alpha one. So that may break things for those who had previously used the V1 alpha one as as we discussed earlier in this in this video. And so you must mention about this change in the release node of that Kubernetes version. Here's an example of one such mention of the removal of V1 alpha two configure API and the release node requests users to convert the V1 alpha two to V1 alpha three. In that example, we will talk about how to do just that a bit later in this video. So now in the x plus two version we release the first VI version of our API group is called V one, beta one. And now since the previous version was an alpha version which is V one alpha two, it is not required for that version to be part of the new release. And same as before the release notes must be updated to notify users to migrate from B one alpha two to V one beta one. Now that we are in beta going forward things are going to change because rule four A states that beta versions need to be supported for nine months or three releases, whichever is longer. So continuing to x plus three release. Now on x plus three, we have, we want beta two released. Now, as we discussed earlier from the beta version onwards it is required to have the previous beta release which is V1 beta one in this case as part of this release. So this release has both the new beta version as well as the previous beta version as part of this release. The V1 beta one version is now deprecated a note that we want beta one version is only deprecated but not removed. It's still part of this release it's still going to be there for a couple of releases before it, it is actually removed. If you were to use the we want beta one API at this point it would display a deprecation warning. Now also note that at this time we want beta one is continuing to be the preferred version. So why is that? Why isn't the, v one beta two version the preferred and storage version because rule four B states that the preferred API version and the storage version for a given group may not advance until after a release has been made that supports both the new version and the previous version. So in this case the current release is the first release where both new and previous version that's beta one and beta two are supported. So we cannot change the preferred storage version yet. Instead, we must wait till the next release. The next release also has both versions except beta two now becomes the preferred storage version. But continuing on with version X plus five we now finally have the V one GA stable version. But along with that, we also have V one beta one and V one beta two versions. V one beta two is still the preferred or storage version because this is the first release that has the V one version, but it now becomes deprecated. So now V one beta one and V one beta two are deprecated. In the next release, we can remove V one beta one version because as per rule four A a beta version needs to be supported for three releases. beta one version was deprecated in release X plus three and it's been around for X plus four and X plus five. So that's three releases and it can now be removed. With x plus six V one can now be the preferred and storage version while beta two is going to stay around for another release to complete its three release support with X plus seven version, nothing changes as beta two continues to stay around for the last time before it will be removed. And in x plus eight version, beta two is removed and we are left with just the GA stable V one version. That's kind of how a version progresses. Now, let's say for example with the next release, we are now for the first time having the first version of V two so we decided to start working on a V2 version and we now have the V2 Alpha one version available for the first time. Now, if you look at the releases in the past every time we had a new version available, we deprecated we immediately deprecated the older version. But now that we have the V two alpha one version ready can we deprecate the V1 version now? No, because that's where rule three comes in. And rule three says an API version in a given track may not be deprecated until a new API version, at least as stable is released. Meaning GA versions can deprecate beta or alpha versions but not the other way around. An alpha version aren't deprecate a GA version in this case the V2 alpha one is an alpha version and V one is a GA version, so we cannot deprecate V one now. The V two alpha one version needs to go through its life cycle of becoming a V two, alpha two then V two beta one, then v2 beta two, and then V two and and only can the V2 version deprecate the V1 version. So that brings us to the final topic of this video, the cube converts command. Now, as we have been seeing when Kubernetes clusters are upgraded, we have new APIs being added and old ones being deprecated and removed. Now, when an old API is removed, it is important to note that you have to update your existing manifest files to the new version. For example, say I have a yamo file with a deployment definition of v1 beta one and when Kubernetes is upgraded the beta one version of deployment is removed. So I would need to use the V1 version going forward. However, I may have a lot of yamo files in the old manifest in the old version, which has V1 beta one in it. So to convert my YAML files to newer version you may use the cube cuttle convert command and specify the old yamo file and the new output format. For example, to convert this deployment definition file to the new version, run the cube convert command and specify the old file name followed by the new version which happens to be app slash B one. And this will output the new version of the manifest definition in YAML format on screen. Note that the cube convert command may not be available on your system by default and that's because it's a separate plugin. So the Cube kele convert command is a special plugin that you have to install. The installation instructions can be found in the Kubernetes documentation pages, along with the instructions for installing the cube kele utility. And so it's available at this link. We will go over this in the upcoming labs. Well, thanks for your time and I will see you in the next one.