-: In this lecture we will look at developing Custom Controllers. So to pick up from where we left off, we have created a custom resource definition, and we are able to create our Flight Ticket objects. And the data about the ticket is stored in ETCD. Now what we need to do is monitor the status of the objects in ETCD and perform actions such as making calls to the flight booking API to book, edit, or cancel flight tickets. And that's why we need a Custom Controller. So a controller is any process or code that runs in a loop and is continuously monitoring the Kubernetes cluster and listening to events of specific objects being changed, in this case, the flight ticket object. And now we could do that in any way we can. Of course you need to write some code. So say I know Python well. So I could write a code in Python that would query the Kubernetes API server for objects in the Kubernetes API. And then I could watch for changes and make further calls to the API to make changes to the system. However, developing a controller in Python may be challenging, as the calls made to the APIs may become expensive, and we will need to create our own queuing and caching mechanisms. Developing in Go with the Kubernetes Go Client, provides support for other libraries like shared informers that provide caching and queuing mechanisms that can help build controllers easily and in the right way. So how do you start building a Custom Controller? So there's a GitHub repo named sample-controller. So first clone this repo, and then we modify the controller, .go with your custom code. Then we build and run it. So make sure you have the Go programming language installed on your machine. Install it if it is and if it is isn't already installed. And then clone the GitHub repo of the sample-controller. We then see the into the sample controller directory, and then we customize the controller.go with our custom logic. And we're not going to get into the details about the code itself at this point. We will probably go over it at some other time where we will focus on advanced topics that would include like building controllers and operators. For now, let's just assume that we've customized the controller.go code. And somewhere within the code, we're making a call to the flight booking API and to book flight tickets. And then once we do that, we then build the code, and then we run it. And when we run it, we specify the cube config file that the controller can use to authenticate to the Kubernetes API. And then the control process starts locally and it then watches for the creation of the flight ticket objects and makes the necessary pulse. Once your controller is ready, you can decide on how to distribute it. Now you don't want to build and run it each time. So you may package the Custom Controller in a Docker image and then choose to run it inside your Kubernetes cluster as a pod or a deployment. That's a high level overview of building a Custom Controller. Now in the exam, I don't expect them to ask a question about building a Custom Controller as it requires more coding knowledge. So I don't anticipate a question on this. However, there may be questions to build custom resource definitions and work with customer resource definition files, right, or to work with existing controllers that are already there. It's good to know. All right, so that's all for now. And in the next video, we will talk about operators.