Okay, so next we are learning about step functions. And step functions you don't need to know them in depth going into the exam but you need to know the capabilities and where they fit in your solution architecture. So the idea with step functions is that you're going to build serverless visual workflow to help you orchestrate your Lambda functions, but not only. They represents the flow as adjacent state machine. And if it has so many features such as sequence actions, parallel actions, conditions, timeouts error handling, and so on. The maximum execution time of a workflow is one year. So that is something you need to know as a solution architect. And you have the possibility to implement human approval features if you wanted to go on with your flow. The idea is that if you chain Lambda function with step functions, which is a very common pattern, you need to be mindful that there is going to be latencies between all the calls to the Lambda functions because you are passing some information from one Lambda function to another. So if we look at step functions visually here's what it looks like. So this is the graph that AWS will generate from your JSON state machine. And as you go through an execution, you will see in real time what the execution is and how it looks like. And so you get success, failed, canceled in progress and then when it's done, you can look at the entire flow that your step function went through to go to completion. So step functions has a lot of integrations. There are some optimized integrations, for example with some Lambda functions. So step functions can obviously invoke Lambda functions. They can run AWS batch jobs. They can run ECS tasks and wait for it to complete. They can also insert an item into a DynamoDB table. They can even publish messages to SNS and SQS. They can launch EMR jobs, Glue SageMaker jobs and so on. They can launch another step functions workflow. And then using the AWS SDK integration, you get access to over 200 AWS services directly from your state machine. And it works like a standard AWS, SDK API call. So step functions are very versatile. On top of it, there are ways to trigger step functions, and there are multiple ways. So you can invoke and trigger a step function state machine using the management console, using the AWS SDK. You can use the CLI, you can use AWS Lambda data will be leveraging of course the SDK. You can use API gateway so that any call to API gateway does trigger a step function. You can use EventBridge and then the integrations are limitless. Code pipelines so it's possible for you and your CSD pipeline to invent, to invoke step functions. And finally, well step functions can also invoke step functions. Now step function have so many applications and you can see a bunch of sample projects at this URL in your console. The idea is that there's so many different applications I can't even count them all but I'll give you some, right. Process high volume message from SQS. and level function to process a lot of message from SQS or and Lambda function to process a lot of message from SQS. Or for example, train a machine learning model when you have to synchronize between SageMaker, Lambda and Amazon S3. Or manage a batch job if you want to have batch Amazon SNS and so on. Or if you want to manage a container task, so you wanna run Fargate task whenever something happens. And so there's so many different of those. But the idea is that as soon as you need to change stuff and orchestrate stuff in AWS the best way to do so is usually with step functions. So what can a step function do? It can do many things and you have to remember them going into the exam. Number one is do stuff with AWS Lambda, they're called Lambda tasks and they will just invoke a Lambda function. You also have activity task and the activity is something a bit more broad. It is you have to set up an HJTTP activity worker. It could be an EC2 instance, a mobile device or even an on-premise data center. And they will pull the step function service and they will get the activities out of the step function. So this is not serverless. This is your activity worker who have to pull the step function service and say Is there something for me to do? And then step function, you say, yes there is, do that. You have service task which is more integrated. So when step functions will connect to a supported AWS service and that it can include a Lambda function an ECS task, a Fargate container, a DynamoDB table, a batch job and SNS topic and SQS queue. So there is direct integration between step function and all these services as part of your workflow. And finally, a wait task. If you want to wait for a certain duration or until a timestamp. So a very common question at the exam is going to be does step functions integrate with AWS mechanical Turk? The answer is no. The best way to do it is to use SWF as you'll see in the next lecture. So that is the one little thing, if you see Mechanical Turk usually they want you to use SWF instead of STEM functions. So the standard workflow was the first workflow for step functions. The maximum duration was one year and you can start about 2000 standard workflow per seconds or you can have about 4,000 state transitions per second, per account. The pricing is going to be per state transition. And so state transition means whenever your execution goes one step at a time. You can see the execution history and you get exactly once workflow execution. So this was the first one, but then some customers of AWS thought they were very expensive at a high rate and sometimes they didn't need all the niceness of one year. They just wanted to do very, very quick activities. And so AWS came up with the express workflows. So the express workflows have a maximum duration of five minutes. So they're expected to complete very quickly but you have a much higher rate of starting them. You have over 100,000 per second express workflow you can start. The state transitions is nearly unlimited and you're going to be to be priced by the number of executions you run as well as the duration and how much memory you consume which looks a lot like Lambda functions. And the executions themself don't have a history but they can be inspected using CloudWatch logs by logging your whatever happens in your state machine directly into CloudWatch logs. And you get at least once workflow execution. So just knowing at a high level the difference I think is pretty obvious when it's for very express, fast high throughput workflows. The other one is for longer, slower throughputs. It's going to be enough for you going to the exam. So in the case of express workflows, we have two cases the synchronous and the asynchronous case. So if you have a synchronous express workflow you're going to wait until the workflow completes and then return the results. This could be very helpful if you want to orchestrate microservices, handle errors retries, have parallel tasks and so on. So here's an example with the API gateway. We do a request to the API gateway which is going to start a workflow but synchronously, therefore, we're going to wait for it to be over to complete its execution. The result is going to be returned to the API gateway which is going to return the results to our users. For the asynchronous express workflow is going to be slightly different. So we don't wait for the workflow to complete. And so this is for workflows that just don't require immediate responses or messaging and so on. So here's an example. We have, again, the API gateway but this time it's integrated with an asynchronous express workflow. So when the API gateway invokes our workflow it's just going to start it. And then the response is going to be that the start has been confirmed and then the user knows that the workflow has started but cannot know the execution result at least from this request. So how do you do error handling in step functions? Well, we can add retries and end all the errors from within the state machine and then outside of it we can set up Event Bridge to get alerts in case our state machines fail. So here's an example. The user is going to invoke a state machine which is going to invoke Lambda function. And let's say that we know that this Lambda function can fail from time to time, but we can retry it. Therefore, we're going to add a retry block saying, Okay for two more times you're going to retry calling this Lambda function. But what if it fails all the time? Then we can set up Event Bridge and we can have a rule to look for the execution failure events. If so, we can trigger an SNS topic. So we send this message, this event into an SNS topic that is configured to send us an email. That is sort of the best practices for error handling in step functions. So let's see a solution architecture with step functions. So we have step functions and we can invoke them in three different ways. We can use, for example, the SDK and the CLI. We can use Event Bridge integration to have pretty much any service trigger a step function workflow. Or we can also integrate it with the API gateway through a service proxy integration. So that's any user doing an HTTP rest API call can start a function function, for examples as we saw asynchronously or synchronously. Now within step function you describe it with adjacent document and it gives you a visual representation if you wanted to. And you could integrate it, for example with different services, such as Lambda such as DynamoDB or SQS. What I want to show you through this diagram is that step functions are not just made of Lambda functions, okay? They have deep integration with other services. For example, to read messages from DynamoDB or to send messages from SQS. We can just do it straight from the step functions. We don't need a Lambda function for that. Okay? So that's it for step functions. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.