-: In this section, we will talk about Helm. Now, Kubernetes is awesome at managing complex infrastructures. We humans tend to struggle with complexity though applications we deploy into our Kubernetes cluster can become very complicated. A typical app is usually made up of a collection of objects that need to interconnect to make everything work. For example, even a relatively simple WordPress site might need the following, a deployment to declare the pods that you wanna run like with MySQL database server or the web servers. A persistent volume to store the database, a persistent volume claim, a service to expose the web server running in a pod, and a secret to store the admin password and maybe even more if you want extra stuff like periodic backups and so on. And for every object, we might need a separate YAML file. Then we need to kube cuddle apply to every YAML file. Now, this can be a tedious task, but it's not the end of the world. Now imagine we download these YAML files from the internet. We're not happy with the defaults, so we start changing stuff. Persistent volumes are 20GB, but we know our website will need much more storage and we go to the YAML files where persistent volumes and claims are declared. We change 20 to 100 and more stuff we wanna change. We'll have to open up every YAML file and edit each one according to our needs. Well, not bad enough yet. Now imagine two months go by. We now have to upgrade some components in our app, and back to editing multiple YAML files with great care. So we don't change the wrong thing in the wrong place. We need to delete the app. We'll need to remember each object that belongs to our app and delete them all one by one. Now you might be thinking, hey, it's not a big deal. We can just write all object declarations in a single YAML file. Well, that's true, but it might make it even harder to find the stuff that we are looking for. We'd have to continuously search for stuff we need to edit in something that could be 25 pages of text, at least in multiple files, it'd be somewhat organized and we'd know we'll find deployment related stuff, in the the MySQL deployment of YAML file. Enter Helm. Helm changes the paradigm. Kubernetes doesn't really care about our app as a whole. All that it knows is that we declared various objects and it proceeds to make each of them exist in our cluster. It doesn't really know that the persistent volume and that deployment and that secret and that service are all part of a big application called WordPress. It looks at all the little pieces that the administrator wanted to have in the cluster and takes care of each one individually. Helm, however, is built from the ground up to know about such stuff. That's why it's sometimes called a package manager for Kubernetes. It looks at those objects as part of a big package as a group, whenever we need to perform an action we don't tell Helm the objects it should touch. We just tell it what package we want it to act on, like our WordPress app package. And based on the package name, it then knows what objects it should change and how. And even if there are hundreds of objects that belong to that package. To make this easier to understand, well think about this. A computer game is contained in hundreds or thousands of files. There are a few files with the programs executable code, other files with audio, game sounds, and music and other files with graphics, textures, images files with configuration data and so on. Now, imagine what would happen if we had to download each of these files separately. That would be tedious. Fortunately, we don't have to go through such horrors as we get a game installer. We run it. We choose the directory where we want to install, we press install and the installer does the rest, putting thousands of files in their proper location. Helm does a similar thing and more for the YAML files and Kubernetes objects that make up our application. Hence, we get advantages like this. We use a single command to install our whole app, even if it needs a hundred objects. Helm proceeds to automatically add every necessary object to Kubernetes without bothering us with the details. We can customize the settings we want for our app or package by specifying desired values at install time. But instead of having to edit multiple files in multiple YAML files, we have a single location where we can declare every custom setting. It's called a value.yaml file, and this is where we can change the size of our persistent volumes, choose the name of our WordPress website, the admin password, settings for the database engine and so on. We can upgrade our application with a single command. Helm will know what individual objects need to change to make this happen. We can roll back to the previous so-called revision. We use a single command to uninstall our app. It keeps track of all the objects used by each app, so it knows what to remove. We don't need to remember each object that belongs to one of our apps anymore or use 10 separate commands to remove everything. Helm does all the work. We will look into these commands in more detail in the upcoming lectures. For now, understand that Helm works as a package manager, with install or uninstall wizard, and also a release manager, helping us upgrade or roll back application. The core thing is that it lets us treat our Kubernetes apps as apps instead of just a collection of objects. This takes a huge burden of our shoulders as we don't have to micromanage each Kubernetes object anymore. Helm can do that for us.