-: Let us now understand the helm concepts. So back to our WordPress application. We have now discussed about the challenges. Let us now see how Helm solves these challenges using charts. Here are the yaml files that we plan to use. We have the deployment dot yaml the secret dot yaml tv dot yaml, PVC dot yaml and the service dot yaml. Now each with its own definition to deploy a component of the WordPress application on Kubernetes. Now we know that some of these have values that might change between different environments. Well, users may prefer to use a different version of the WordPress image that is used to deploy the WordPress application or different size of disc. And of course, the WordPress admin password is going to be different as well. So the first step is to convert these files into templates where these values become variables. The two curly braces indicates that these are variables and that the values specified within our variable names which will be used to fetch these values from another place. So what is that other place where these values are fetched from? These values are stored in a file named Values dot yaml. These, this file has the image storage and password encoded variables defined with the values We want these to have. This way anyone who wants to deploy this application can customize their deployment by simply changing the values from the single file called Values dot yaml. So a combination of templates plus values dot yaml gives us the final version of definition files that can be used to deploy the application on the Kubernetes cluster. Together the templates and the values file forms a helm chart. A single helm chart may be used to deploy a simple application like WordPress in our example and it'll have all the necessary template files for different services as well as the values file with the variables. It also has a chart dot yaml file that has information about the chart itself, such as the name of the chart the charts version, a description of what the chart is some keywords associated with the application and information about the ERs. Now you can create your own chart for your own application or you can explore existing charts from the artifact hub@artifacthub.io and look for charts uploaded by other users. This hub is called as a repository that stores helm charts. As of this recording, there are over 5,700 charts available. Search for a chart for the application you're trying to deploy. You -: Can either search using this web interface or you can search using the command helm search followed by hub to indicate that you wish to search the Artifact Hub. The artifact hub is the community driven chart repository but there are other repositories as well such as the Bit nami Helm repository. To search for charts in other repositories you must first add a repository to your local helm setup. For this run the command Helm repo add to add the bit NAMI repository with the link to the Bitnami charts repository. Then search the repository using the helm search repo command instead of the search hub command. And you can list existing repos using the helm repo list command. Now, once you find the chart the next step is to install the chart on your cluster. For this run, the helm install command followed by a release name and the chart name. Now, when this command is run the helm chart package is downloaded from the repository and extracted and installed locally. So each installation of a chart is called a release and each release has a release name. So that's the release name that you specify within the helm installed command. For example, you can install the same application using the same chart multiple times on a Kubernetes cluster by running the helm Install command multiple times and each time you run the helm install command. A release is created and each release is completely independent of each other. Let's proceed to some additional helm commands. To list installed packages, run the helm list command to uninstall packages, run the helm uninstall command. Now, we saw that we could use the helm install command to download and install a helm chart, but if we only need to download it and not install it, then run the helm pool command. Now use the dash UN option because the chart is normally downloaded in a TAR archive format. The Antar option will extract its contents after downloading it. Now once extracted, you can find the contents of the chart. When you list the files under the extracted folder it's gonna be in the name, same name of the chart and you may open and edit the values dot yaml file to change any values that if required. Now, once the changes are made install the local chart using the Helm Install Command but by specifying the path to that particular directory. So that is all that we will be discussing about Helm in this course. There's so much to learn about Helm so it requires an entire course of its own. So we are working on an entire course on Helm for beginners and we'll be releasing that soon. So watch out for that. From an exam perspective we have already covered what is required for you to know. So head over to the labs and practice working on help.