Instructor: In this video, I'm going to walk you through the solutions for the Helm lab. The first question is asking which command is used to search for a wordpress helm chart package from the Artifact Hub? To do that, we would run helm search hub and the name of the chart. So in this case, it's going to be a wordpress. And that's going to give all the results. So, helm search hub wordpress. The next question is telling us to add a bitnami helm chart repository in the controlplane node. And to do that, we can run a helm repo add bitnami, and then we're going to give the URL right here. "Which command is used to search for the joomla package from the added repository?" It's going to be helm search repo joomla. "What is the app version of joomla in the bitnami helm repository?" So the app version is 4.1.5. "Which chart version can you see for the joomla package in the bitnami helm repository?" That's going to be 13.2.16. Next question is asking, "How many helm repositories are added in the controlplane node?" To find that out, we'll do helm repo list. That's going to list out all the repositories. And we can see there are three total. For the next question, we have to install drupal helm chart from the bitnami repository, and the release name should be bravo. And to do that, we'll do helm install. Then we'll provide the release name. And the chart is going to be bitnami/drupal. And after that's run, we can do a helm list to see if it was installed. And we can see bravo. "Which command is used to list the packages installed using helm?" That's going to be helm list. "Uninstall the drupal helm package which we installed earlier." And so all we have to do is helm uninstall bravo. For the next question, we have to download the bitnami apache package under the /root directory. And it's telling us to not install the package, just download it. And to do that, we'll do a helm pull --untar bitnami/apache. The next question is saying, "Inspect the file values.yaml and make changes so that there are two replicas of the webserver running and the HTTP is exposed on nodeport 30080." And if you want, you can take a look at the documentation. So, I'm going to move into the /apache directory. And I'm going to open up the values.yaml. And so we want to find where the replicas are defined. So I'm going to do a / to search, and I'll search for replica. And so we can see replicaCount. And I'm going to set that to be 2. And the next thing we want to search for is nodePort. And we can see nodePorts here. And I'm going to change the HTTP port to be 30080. And I'm going to hit OK. And then after that, after we make those changes, we have to install the apache from the downloaded helm package and give it a release name of mywebapp. And to do that, we'll do a helm install. Give it the name mywebapp. And then the current directory because we're already in the /apache directory. And we'll run the validation. And the final question is just saying that you can take a look at the Apache page by clicking on this link right here. And so that's going to wrap up the Helm lab.