Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn, add, remove and rename column transformations. I will show you some examples so that you can learn these three types of transformations in a better way. So let's start. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to chapter five add remove rename columns. I'll be using this notebook to help you learn three types of transformations. Let's connect the serverless cluster. And we will need a data frame to try whatever we are trying to learn here three types of transformations. So I give you a requirement to create a data frame as below. In the earlier lectures in the previous chapters, you already learned how to create a data frame. How to programmatically create a data frame from maybe a Python list, so you can use that technique here. To create a data frame. Using a Python list, we need three records, and we need four columns in that data frame. So I hope you can recall how to create a data frame manually without reading data from a file or from a table. We will create a data frame programmatically, and this technique is very helpful for creating test data frames to test your application, or to learn and try and test your logic right while you are developing. While you are building your logic, this technique is often very helpful. So let's create a data frame for this. We know that creating a data frame has got two parts. Define the schema of the data frame and data. We need schema and data. Combine these two things and we can create data frame. So let's define a schema for this data frame. Defining a schema is super simple. We can use a string like create tables statement to define the schema. So we have four fields here id name, age and salary id. Let's assume this I want to be an integer name. This should be a string. Age should be integer or long. Let's make it short because we know that age cannot be a very large number, right? Cannot go beyond three digit number. So age is short and salary. Let's make it double. So that's my schema for creating this data frame for fields. Now let's create a data list in Python. And uh we want to create a list. So empty list. And within this empty list we will be creating records which can be done using this pair of parentheses. So first record ID is 100. Name Prashant age 45 and salary 45,000. So let's start putting that ID 100. Name is a string, so it goes as a string. Prashanth age 45 and uh, salary is 45,000. That's my first record. And then I can create second record like that 101 name Tarun, Then age 36 and salary 33,000. Let's create the third record also. 102. David, age 48 and salary 28,000. And maybe we can format it like this. So we have both the components of a data frame schema and data. Now we can create a data frame. Let's call it a sample DF right. How can you create a data frame. You already learned that in the previous lectures we talked about it. We can use spark session dot create data frame. And this create data frame takes two options. One is data and the other one is schema. So let's give our data to it. Data equal to data list right. Schema is optional. So if you don't give schema what will happen. What kind of data frame it will create. Let's quickly look at it. Let's run it and look at the sample DF and understand without schema what it will do. It will not know what is the column name for these records. Right. And spark will also not have any clue of what are the data types of these records. So what spark is going to do? It will create some imaginary column names and infer the data types from the data. And we will get a sample df and the schema of the sample DF will look like this. The first column name is underscore one. Second column is underscore. Two underscore three underscore four. And what it is doing the create data frame is assuming that or giving some imaginary column names underscore one, two, three, four like that and inferring the data type with this uh, type's long string long, long for any numeric value. It is recommended to use long. It is not recommended to use int or short. Those kind of types. We already discussed that in the previous lecture, that there is not much saving in terms of space. And, uh, we have risk of going out of the range. So recommendation is to use long. And that is why Databricks or the spark, when creating a data frame infers the data types it prefers, inferring it as long instead of short or int. So we got this. Uh, is it possible that we specify only the column names and not the data types to this? Yes, we can do that. So we have the data frame. Then we have one more transformation. Uh, let's comment this and change this again in the next line. So you have a record of all the approaches. Second next approach is to use a new transformation called two DF. Two DF is a transformation that can be applied on any data frame. Right. We created a data frame here using spark create data frame. And we have got some imaginary column names. We want to apply two df transformation on that result data frame. You can apply two df transformation on any data frame. It is a general transformation. And what it does, it allows you to rename all the columns at once. Right. So we have four columns here. So what I can do I can say okay first column name should be ID. Second column name should be name. Third column name should be age. And fourth column name should be salary. Right. Just take this data frame and rename all the columns in this order first column, second column, third column, fourth column. And we don't want this kind of naming. So if I run this I will get a sample DF with the column names. So if you want to give only column names and let spark infer the data type itself, you can use DF or preserve the existing data type of the data frame. Just change the column names or rename all the column names. You can use to DF transformation and get this. But this is not the best way to create data frame. Ideally, we should be creating data frame by specifying the schema. That's the best practice. So you can say schema equal to this schema variable right. That's all. And if you do that you are doing the right thing. So whenever you are creating a data frame or reading data from any source to create a data frame, recommendation is to always specify the schema for performance reason, for avoiding unnecessary errors, and for reading data correctly. So let's run that and we will get a data frame sample df. The id is integer a string short double exactly what we specified in the schema. So that's all. We have a data frame now. And we also learned one approach of renaming data frame columns right. So using the two DF transformation. Now let's learn some more transformation with some examples. So we have a requirement. We have a data here. And we have a requirement add following columns to your data frame. Two more columns we want to add. First column name is increment 10% of the salary up to 300 maximum increment. So we have salary here right. We have salary column. What we want to do. We want to add an increment column which will be 10% of the salary or 3000 is the maximum. So if 10% of the salary is 5000. Then we take 3000. If 10% of the salary is 2000, we take 2000. That's what they mean here. 10% of the salary up to 3000. Maximum increment. And one more field revised salary, which is the original salary plus this increment. So we want to add two fields or two columns in my sample data frame. How can you do it. We already learned that right. If we want to add new columns or replace values of a column, we can use with column or with columns transformation. So let's prepare for that. We will be needing exp function to specify the expression for calculating 10% of the salary, or calculating increment and calculating revised salary. So let's import that function Pi spark dot SQL dot functions import e PR. Right. And now let's create a salary df which I will create from let's say sample df. Or let's do it like this. We will be creating it from sample df and applying with columns because we want to create two columns. So with column and with columns, these two guys allows us to add new columns to an existing data frame or transform an existing column from the data frame. So we will be providing a dictionary of Off key value pair. Key is the column name that we want to either add or transform. So we want to add a new increment column and provide logic of how to create increment column. Here I'll add logic here in a minute. And then we want to create this revised salary column. Right. Revised salary column and provide an expression for calculating how do we calculate the revised salary. So let's try writing the logic of increment. What is the logic of increment 10% of the salary. So. Salary multiplied by ten by 100. This should be the increment up to 3000 maximum. But if this is coming as more than 3000, then we should take only 3000. If it is coming less than 3000, we should take only 3000. So there is an if involved here right in SQL expressions. If you know SQL in SQL, how do we write if conditions we can use case expressions right. Case when this do this when something else do something else. So let's convert this into a case expression are case when celery greater than 30,000 then take 3000. Else take 10%. That will work right. And case ends here. So that's my logic case when salary is greater than 30,000, 20,000 only. Right. Because if salary is 40,000, then 10% of salary is going to come as 4000. In that case, we don't even want to do the calculation. If salary is greater than 30,000, simply take 3000. If not, then we want to take 10% of the salary. So that's my increment. And what is the revised salary? Revised salary is salary the original salary in the data frame. If you look at the data frame we have a salary field here. Right. Salary plus. Plus what plus this increment. Right. Plus this increment. And it should work. Right. But there is a small glitch here. Increment is a field which is calculated within this same with columns, right. So with columns will calculate this increment using this formula. And we want to reuse that increment calculated increment within the same expression. Same set of expression within the same transformation with columns is a single transformation here right. Which will transform these two columns. So can we refer this calculated column here. The answer is yes and no. This is allowed if you are creating a new column. Right. So here we are creating a revised salary which is a new column. So this is allowed. But if you are changing or modifying an existing column or transforming an existing column, then this is not allowed. Why? There are some technical reasons why spark couldn't implement that. We don't want to go into that, but we want to learn what is allowed and what is not allowed, so this should work. Let's display the salary DF that we calculated here and we have salary is 45,000. Increment is taken as 3000 right? When salary is 28,000 then increment is taken as 2800. So it looks like logic is working and revised salary is 45 plus 348. And here 28 plus 2800 is equal to 30,800. So it looks like work right now let's look at the third requirement which is kind of same what we did here right. We calculated increment and then we calculated revised salary. Here the requirement is to calculate these two fields. Increment is a new field. Add following columns to your data frame. Increment is 10% of salary up to 3000 maximum increment. but then replace the following column in your data frame. Replace the salary with the current salary plus increment. So now what do we want? We have a different requirement where we don't want to calculate the revised salary. We want to update this value here itself right. Transform the salary to revised salary. Change this 45,000 value to 48,000. How can we do it? Logic is almost same, so let's try that here as it is. And instead of revised salary which field we want to implement here or transform here. Salary. Right. So increment calculation remains the same. Salary calculation or salary transformation equal to old salary plus increment. Is this allowed. Why? Because we are referring increment from the same with columns Transformation. This is calculated in this expression itself. So can we reuse it. So as I mentioned earlier, this is allowed if you are calculating a new field. But if you are transforming the existing field this is not allowed. So if I run this this is going to fail. Most likely. Yes. Failed a column variable or function parameter name increment cannot be resolved. So spark is not able to resolve increment. It is saying what is this guy? How do we get this right? Because this is also done in the same transformation. Increment is also calculated in the same transformation. So that's a catch here with the with columns transformation. What is the solution. There are two approaches to solve it. The first approach is use the expression. Once again don't use the Column name instead of increment. We can recalculate the increment here. Right case. When salary is greater than 30,000, then 3000. Else salary into ten by 100. That's. So now we are referring salary column which is there in the original data frame in the sample DF right. It is not being calculated within the same transformation. So this should work. That's the first approach. We have done that and let's try that. So now it's working. We got the salary updated as 48,000 36,000 and 30,800 for these records. So that's one approach. But we have another approach where we can break this with columns into two transformations. What do I mean. Let's change this. Or let me rewrite this entire thing. Right. What? Instead of with columns I will use with column and with column I will transform or calculate increment right increment. And the logic for calculating increment is same that we did earlier. So let me copy that logic for calculating the increment is this. So we calculate the increment as the first step. And after that I can add one more width column. And this time I can update the salary. This salary right. And what is the logic for calculating the salary salary plus increment that we did earlier. Salary plus increment. So now we are breaking our transformation into two transformations. First, calculate the increment and then you can refer the increment. So spark will do it in two steps with columns is done in single step. All these are done in single step. And that's why referring and column which is calculated within the same width columns is not allowed. It is partially allowed if we are creating a new column, but if we are transforming the same column, then it is not allowed. So we can break it into two steps and then it should work. It worked. And we have the same result that we saw using the previous approach, where we reuse the logic to calculate the increment. But now we can refer it from performance perspective, breaking it into two transformations is less performant. It will be little slow. You might not even notice, but it will be little slow if you are doing it in two step, doing it in single step like this is comparatively faster. And that's why spark is trying hard to allow this in one case where it can and does not allow, in other case where it cannot. So avoid using a chain of width columns like this if possible. If not possible, then we don't have any alternative, so do whatever is possible, right. So that's about uh with column and uh adding or replacing or transforming an existing column. Now let's look at the next requirement. So next requirement is to add a batch number Uuid column to your data frame. So what it means. Let's generate a batch number or Uuid. So I'm going to import uuid. It's a python package and create a. Batch id and uh. Let's use the uuid dot uuid for which will generate a random number. And let's look at the batch id what it is generated. Right. So what we have, it's a unique randomly generated id uuid which is of Uuid type. So we don't want it to be uuid type because Uuid data type is not there in spark. Spark doesn't not support a data type called Uuid. It supports string, so we convert it into a string. Right. And uh, let's say now it is a string right. So we have this batch ID let's assume you are processing a batch of data, a data frame which has a which should be processed at once as a single batch. And then next time when you are processing, you are processing a second batch. And for each batch you want to generate a Uuid as batch ID, and you want this batch ID to be added in your data frame as a column. So we have ID, name, age, salary increment. Or if you look at the original data frame, this sample data frame ID, name, age, and salary. Let's assume this is the data frame. And we want to add one more column here called batch ID. And batch ID should be the same ID repeated for all records, right? Whatever we generated here. Right. This ID, how can you do it? We learn adding a column to a data frame can be done using with column right with column transformation. So can we do this kind of transformation also. Right. So let's create a salary batch df. DF after transforming sample df into a new data frame which contains a batch id. So let's try doing it with with column because there is only one column that we want to add here. So I can use with column. And we want a column name called batch ID and Um, add the batch ID there. Right. So how do I add the batch ID? Uh, can I do it like this batch? Batch ID and maybe use it uh replacement here. Variable value, something like this. Can we do it? Let's try. It won't work. It won't work because we are having an expression kind of thing here. So let's try wrapping it into expr also and see if that works. Can we do it like this. Uh, looks like it worked, but we don't see any result here. It's not throwing any error as of now, but we don't see any error. Now let's try to display this. This is when spark will actually execute this transformation and show me the result. We already learned that spark doesn't execute the transformation immediately. It executes the transformation only when we execute an action. So display will work as an action here. So let's try that. And it throws error. That's a runtime error right. We got the runtime error variable or function name with this blah blah blah cannot be resolved. And this name is coming from the batch ID right. That the batch ID that we generated. So this is not working. Why it is not working. Because in the with column, whatever expression we are building here is an expression made from columns, right? We can have expressions like this where we are saying salary plus increment. Salary is a column name. Increment is a column name. Add these two things right. We can have expressions like case when case is a valid SQL statement. So this is statement case when salary is greater than 30,000. What is salary? Salary is a column name. Else salary multiplied by these numbers. What is salary? Here it is a column name. So the expression should be made up of column names. Right. Or the literal values. What is this 30,000. It's a literal value. What is this? Two literal values ten and 100. And a mathematical expression made from these two values. So Expression should be made from the column names or the SQL like statements, valid SQL statements and some numbers. Whatever you want to use in your expression, right? When we say expr batch id, what does it mean? We are saying some f for nine, a dash dash, blah blah. The unique number spark will say what is this? What is this string? This is going as a string, right? What is this string? What to do with this? What is this? So it doesn't understand and that's why it is saying it. Spark assumes that this should be a column name. This value. Whatever is going should be a column. Name it. We cannot have a literal there. So it is not a valid expression. And we cannot do that in the with column. This is not a valid expression. So that's why it is not working. So how do we push some literal values? We do not want expression here. What I want I simply want to say that take this batch ID value and use it as the column value for this column. So for doing that, that's a special case for doing that. Spark gives us a new function called lit. So let me import that from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import lit. So we can use lit function here and pass a literal value string. Batch id is just a literal value. And what lit will do. Lit will take this literal value. Create a column value and return it as a column or as a valid expression. So that's a special case. To convert a literal value into a valid expression. So if you want to add a literal value to a data frame, you have to use lit function expr function. And the string expression is not likely to work there. So now let's try running this. And we got this right. Batch ID is given by the width column. This is the column name. And uh expression resulting into these values is provided by the lit. And we got this column added here. So adding a literal value to your data frame is little tricky. So that's all. Now we have one more requirement here. And in this requirement we want to rename the data frame columns as listed below. So assume that your data frame has an increment. We want to rename it as annual increment. And your data frame has a salary field. We want to rename it as incremented salary. So which data frame should I take as an example? Uh this data frame has got salary and increment salary. DF so let me take salary DF and use that. Let's create a new data frame called new salary df. Uh, from from salary df. Because salary DF has got increment and salary. Both the columns. What do we want to do? We want to apply some transformation that can rename these two columns only. Right. And for that we have a transformation similar to with column there is a transformation called with column renamed, with column renamed, and there is a one more dot with columns renamed. So with column renamed allows us to rename one column with columns. Renamed allows us to rename multiple columns. So we will be using with columns renamed here because we want to rename two columns in one shot. Renaming a column cannot be done with with column. With the with column we can create new columns and we can change the values of an existing column transform existing column. So if we try to rename we'll have to give the new name here. And then with columns will assume that we want to create a new column. Right. So renaming cannot be done with the width column transformation. So we have a similar kind of transformation here with columns renamed. So let's start giving the details what we want to create. We want to create one transformation that renames increment to what is this annual increment right. And change or rename. Salary to incremented salary right. This should be. Like this. Right. And once we have this guy new salary we can display this just to Verify. If you are doing the right thing. That's all. Incremented salary and annual salary and the old increment and salary fields are gone because the same fields are renamed. So that's how you can rename the data frame columns here. And then the last thing that we want to learn here is how do we remove the columns from your data frame. Right. Let's assume that we have this new salary DF. And from this new salary DF we want to remove age and annual increment. So age field is there and annual increment field is there. We want to remove these two and keep only three. There are two approaches to do that you can use select transformation, select ID name and incremented salary only. and create a new data frame, and you will get a new data frame with these three fields only leaving these two behind. But think of a data frame which has got 100 fields, and you want to eliminate only one field out of 100 and still keep the 99 fields then. Or eliminate five out of 100 and keep 95 fields. Then writing a select expression that selects 95 fields and does not select the five fields is a cryptic write. You have to type a lot of code, so we should have a simple transformation that allows us to remove or drop or leave some fields and keep everything else right. So for that we have a transformation called drop. So let's create a new data frame let's say a small salary DF. DF and ah, which one we want to use for this transformation? Let's use new salary df so new salary df dot we have a transformation called drop drop which fields drop age field and drop annual increment. Right. This annual increment. Drop this and create a new data frame a small salary DF. And then maybe you can display it here. So. We got only four fields. How many. We had 12345. Uh incremented salary okay. This is not ve. This is annual increment. So we got only three fields. So you learned one more thing with my mistake. When I had V here, it didn't throw any error column not found. So what drop will do it. Drop will look for this column. If it is found in the data frame. Drop that if it is not found in the data frame, do nothing. All we want is to drop. So we cannot find nothing to drop. That's fine. That's not an error. So it will not throw an error if the column is not found, but it will drop the column if the column is found. So that's all for this lecture. You learn some new transformations. In this lecture we will be using them as we progress with the course. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.