Welcome back. So far in this course we have learned to develop data frame column transformation expressions. We have already been writing expressions to do data frame transformations. But in this lecture we will go in little more detail of writing data frame column transformation expressions. And we will learn couple of ways to write the expressions and understand what are the difference in different ways of writing the column expressions or transformation expressions, and when to use which type of expression. So let's start learning this with some examples. So I am in my dev environment. Let's go to chapter five and data frame column expressions. Let's connect a server with this notebook so we can run our code. So we have a simple requirement here. Requirement is read data from flight time and transform as below. So flight time is a table that we created in the previous lectures. We have some flight data in this table which has already gone through some transformations. Right. We loaded raw data. Then we created a table with the raw data. Then we did some transformations to create flight time table. Before we go deeper into the requirement, let's quickly look at the table once right. Let's keep it here and percent SQL. And let's do a select star from this table. Spark db dot. Flight time. Let's limit only three records so we can quickly look at it. So here are some records shown from that table right now. Try to understand the requirement. Read from flight time and transform as below. First one is rename flight date to DEP date. So we have this FL date field here. We want to rename this as DP date. That's a simple transformation. We learned how to rename a column. We can do that. Compute RR date. What is RR date. I think the requirement should be more clear, but RR date is arrival date. Do we have arrival date? We have a flight date here. Then we have a scheduled departure. Departure Archer Wilson taxi in and scheduled arrival time and actual arrival time. We don't have a arrival date. Right. So we have scheduled arrival time, which says 14 hours, which says 15 hours, 59 minutes, 17 hours, 21 minutes. But this is only time without any date. So 14 hours on which date? You might assume that flight was on 1st January 2000. So this scheduled arrival time will be first January 20th 14 hours. But that's not going to be correct, because it may be possible that the flight was, uh, late night on 1st January, let's say 23 hours in the night, and it took maybe a few hours, six, seven hours or ten, 12 hours. And, uh, next day, 14 hours. It is reaching there, right? So these values are not very useful. The scheduled arrival time and arrival time, unless we have a arrival date. This one is departure date or flight date. This one is actually departure date. And that's why we have a requirement here to rename flight date to departure date. Right. And calculate arrival date. Compute arrival date. How can we compute? Very simple departure date. Plus departure time. Right on first January 20th, 2011 13 hours was my departure time plus 13 hours, 43 minutes. Wheels on time. It took from 1113. If we add this, we will get time after 13 hours, 43 minutes. Plus, we will also have to add the taxi in time and then we will get the actual arrival time right. And uh, take only date part of it and you will get the arrival date right. So calculating arrival date is my requirement and I understand my data. I looked at the data and now I can figure out the formula how to calculate the arrival date. Arrival date. I can calculate simply by having a departure date or calculating the departure date plus departure time plus wheels on. That should be enough. I can also add taxi in plus taxine and whatever date and time comes, we only take the date part of it. Leave the time part because we want to calculate the arrival date, not the arrival time. Right. So that's how we can compute arrival date. And then we have, uh, following fields to represent full time for the requirement where we want CRS. DP time means scheduled departure time, departure time, scheduled arrival time, and arrival time to represent full time stamp as of now. These guys represent interval only. Time only the time component 1115. But which date? So if we combine this guy and this guy, we will know what is the time stamp? The exact time. Which date, what time. Right. So that's the requirement I hope you understand the requirement. Now how do you want to do this transformation from flight time to, let's say, flight time transformed, right? Or flight time gold table, which becomes the gold table for doing the analysis. Right. How do you do this transformation? Think about it. Whatever transformations you learn, you learned uh select transformation and select Export transformation. Can we do it using select or select EXR. You learn with column transformation and with columns transformation. Can we do it using with column and with columns you learn with columns renamed or with column renamed. So these three four transformations we already learned I'm giving you a hint. How can you do it? First let's try. Can we do it using select or select exp or transformation. So let's assume that I want to create a flight time one df from data frame. What is that data frame? I have to read that data from the table. So write time df and I can read spark dot read table and give the table name here. This table and I will get the flight time. DF. I want to transform that guy and create flight time one DF and I want to try select transformation or select expression. I know I'm going to do transformation for multiple columns here Are right and are all of these guys are going to require some kind of expression. So I'll be using select expr and start transforming them one by one. So the first guy is rename PHL date to date. Can I do it. Uh I can write a expression select PHL date as. Date right. That's all. Select PHL date as DEP date. Right. And then next guy is compute RR date or arrival date. And we discussed the logic. Right. Uh, I can take uh, this guy PHL date plus. actual departure. Right. So what I will get 1st January 2000 1113. That's my departure time. Right. And what do I want to get? Arrival date. So. My flight is started on first January 20th, 1113. It took 13 hours, 43 minutes. So I'll add that. Then it took five minutes for taxi in. And then I got the actual arrival time, and, uh, I want date out of it. Right. So, uh, expression will be. Flow date. And flow date is renamed as DP date. So now let's take DP date plus. Actual departure time. Right. So DP plus, DP time plus wheels on plus taxi in. I got all this. It will be a complete time stamp with date and time components. We want only date out of it, right? So this will be a time stamp. The result of this expression will be a timestamp. I want to convert it into date. So it is a data type conversion from timestamp to date. How do we do it. We can do it using cast or we can do it using two date right. So let's do it using two date. So I'm giving it to two date function and telling that give me a date only from this timestamp so it is converted into date. And I don't need to provide a format here because this is a timestamp in the default format in the represented internal format. And this one I want to rename as RR date or arrival date. So I'm done with the second requirement right. I'm done with the second requirement. Rest. All I want to do here. But are you having some doubt? Did something, uh, clicked or some question clicked? I am cross referencing this DP date in the same expression right select expression. We are taking DP date. We are transforming dp date here and then reusing dp date here. I can use FL date No problem. But I want to use DP date again here. Is this allowed in a select expression? We learned that this kind of cross referencing is allowed in the width columns transformation. If we are creating new transformation, but the same kind of cross referencing is not allowed if we are transforming the same column right in select expression, everything is a new column, right? What it will do? Read FL date and give me a new column called DP date. Read these all fields and give me a new column called RR date. Select works like that, right? Everything is like a new column. So this kind of cross referencing is allowed in select expression. So that should not be a problem. Then let's do the rest of the transformation. Um. following fields to represent full timestamps. So schedule, departure, departure, scheduled. Arrival and arrival. So how do we convert them from, uh, interval to complete timestamp? Simple. First one is scheduled departure time. So what we want to do? Departure date. Right. Departure date this guy. Plus are scheduled departure date date plus interval. And it will be scheduled departure date. Right as. Scheduled departure date. This looks like I'm transforming the same column. Right? I'm scheduled. Departure date is already there, and I want to replace the value of scheduled departure date with the result of this expression. But in select everything is creating a new column so it works. Cross referencing this DP date from here to here works. Then uh, next one is DP date. Date. Plus de p time as DP time. Then next one is arrival date plus p. Arrival time as CRS. Arrival time. Scheduled arrival time and then. Date plus arrival time as arrival time. That's all. And hopefully I can see this guy, right? So let's, um, display that. But displaying maybe 10,000 record doesn't, uh, make a good sense, or it's difficult for me to understand if my results are correct. So let's, uh, filter it. Right. I want to add a where condition to filter few records. And for my requirement, I have, uh, defined this filter condition where flight number is 1451 and departure date is 1st January 2000. So I want to restrict to one flight number for one date, and then display it so I can investigate the result and do some calculations and check. Cr's dep date where it is Cr's dp date. Maybe some typo is there. CR Ssdp date. Okay, um, the field name is DP time, right? So CP time and we want it to be Cr's dp time. DP time as dp time Cr's arrival time as arrival time. Arrival time as arrival time. Let's try again. And it worked right. So first field is renamed as departure date. And we got one more field. Arrival date. Right. Arrival date is. Departure date is first gen, first gen, first gen for all three second gen, second gen and first gen. How this is calculated. We know that departure was on first Jan and departure arrival time was on second Jan. That's why arrival date is second Jan. Why arrival time was second Jan because first Jan it started or. It started on first Jan 13, 1113. Right. And, uh, where are the other fields? I got only these fields. Right. And other fields are lost. And that's how select expression works, right? You select only five fields and you get only five fields. But what was my requirement? My requirement was to rename this, compute this, transform these four columns and other columns. What about the other columns, other fields? I wanted to keep them as it is without any change. And that's why select or select expression is not a very useful transformation for modifying only few number of columns we should have been doing with column here, right? Uh, otherwise I will lose the other fields. So let us do it using with column right. With column or with columns. How do we want to do it. So. Let's create one more, uh, data frame. This time I want to call it flight time two df. and do it using width column. So the purpose for showing you this approach was that you can use select or select expr to implement column transformation. You can definitely do that. But there is a disadvantage that with select expression, if you want other columns. Also you can list the remaining columns here like that if I want. Uh um what was the field, let's say op carrier. Then I have to list down the op carrier field also, so that after this I get one more field here as op carrier. So let's run it and try that. See. Ah I e. Carrier not career. So we got one more field. Right. So if you have a requirement to take only the transformed fields and maybe few other fields, you can use select expression. But if you have a requirement to transform few fields and take everything else you will be using with columns transformation. And that's what we are going to do here, because we have a requirement to transform few columns and take everything else. So the source is flight time, right. Flight time DF so we start with the flight time DF and do the first one, and first one is with column renamed because the first requirement is to Rename one column and rename what to what rename FL date to dep date write rename FL date to. Date. That's done. Then we have one more requirement to transform or calculate arrival date. Right. So we will do with column. Dot with column. Arrival date and expr. For calculating the arrival date I have not imported x PR. So from pi spark SQL dot functions Import export. Right. And what is the expression? We have developed the expression here. This is what we want right. Same expression. So that one is done. Then I can use with columns for all other for transformations. This one I am doing separate because I am creating a new field. And then we will be referencing that, uh, arrival date, arrival date here, which we will be creating here. Right. Referencing that in other transformations. And I do not want to have that confusion whether it will work or not, I will be creating it separately. Right. So now what? are the other transformations? Maybe we can copy code from here to here and quickly modify it the way this guy wants. Right. So this is the expression and. Here we will have new column name. So we want scheduled departure time logic is this expr. Right. Like that we will need one column name here and column name here. Here. And this should be departure time. This should be Arrival time. And this should be. Arrival time. We need to wrap everything inside expr. So let me do that. Guys. I guess we are done. And then we want to display this. Don't forget to change the data frame name that we want to display. and let's try running this. This also worked right. And we have all the other fields right. FL date is renamed as DP date, then remaining fields and all the new fields that we calculated like arrival date is at the end. So with column transformation preserves the previous column order right and also preserves the existing columns and works only on the columns that we want to transform. Right. Now let's quickly look at the data and make sure we have got the correct calculation. So departure date is 1st January 2000. And uh departure time is now 1st January 2000 1113 and Wilson is 13 hours 43 minutes. If we add 1113 plus 13 hours 43 minutes, we will land into the 2nd January right next day. And that's how we calculated arrival date as 2nd January. All this calculation is correct or incorrect based on the assumption or our understanding about the data. Our understanding about the data is saying that wheels on is the flight duration, right? We are assuming or we are believing that 13 hours 43 minutes is the duration of the flight, right? So if that understanding is correct, we have calculated the things correctly. If that understanding is incorrect, our results might be incorrect, but that's fine. We are not trying to prepare the data for our project. We are trying to learn data frame transformations. So we learned how to use with columns, how to develop expressions for your with column transformation and use it to apply the transformation. Same way we learned how to develop expressions for your select or select expr and use it to do the transformation for data frame transformations. Developing expressions is one of the critical part, right? And so far we have learned how to develop expressions. String. Right. We are developing expression string similar kind of expressions we develop in the SQL language. Right. So these things looks like a SQL string or part of a SQL string and they are expressions and these expressions are evaluated by the expr. Here in the select expr, there is an hidden expr. For evaluating all the expressions in the width column. We are explicitly adding this expr call to evaluate these expressions. There is another approach for writing these expressions without letting expr to evaluate our expressions. We can directly write these expressions that there is a way spark supports that which one to use is developer's choice. We'll talk about when this is good or when the other approach is good. But let's first learn how to write expressions in a different way. So what we are going to do, we are going to develop this same code maybe here and learn alternative approach to write expressions. So let's do that instead of importing expr, because we are not intended to use the expr, we want to develop these expressions without the help of expr, but we will be needing functions that we are going to use, like we will be needing two date functions here. So let's import to date function and we will need one more function called call function. Then we can change all these expressions. Right. Let's do the smaller one. First let's remove this expr and remove this guy. Right. What do we want to do. We want to add arrival date and arrival time. But arrival date is unknown thing right? We don't know what is arrival date. So what we can do, we can wrap it in the call function, which tells that this is your column column arrival date plus column arrival time. Add that and that should be all. And this is my new expression right. So this is one way to write expressions where everything is not a string. You are developing expression using columns and applying all the mathematics directly. Right. So if I have to change this how it is going to look, remove the expr and we will be using call. What is the column name arrival date and then Plus, what is the column name? Arrival time. Same way. And this will be column name. Departure date. Plus departure time. This will be again. Column departure date. Plus column departure time. And this guy is going to be to date. And to date. This guy is a column. Right. To date. And. All these are columns. So Add departure date column and departure time column. Add wheels on column. Add taxi in column right, and then pass everything to date. What about this as this as is not going to work here. And we actually do not need because that's column name or aliasing. Or the column name can be derived from here. So did I lost the parentheses. Okay. So with columns. And here this guy is the two date. And then this guys are like that. So that's how we write expressions. The idea is that you take the column name, wrap it under the column so that you know this is a column. And spark also knows that this is the column column name and develop your expressions directly. You want to do plus or you want to do minus or multiply division or whatever kind of operations you want to apply. You apply those directly. And if you try to run this, this should also run successfully. If I've not left some typos and it gives the same result. And these expression developments are not only for with columns or with column. This kind of expressions are supported everywhere in every kind of transformations. All the transformations that we already learned or we are going to learn many more everywhere. So even these kind of expressions you can develop in the select. Instead of passing this string, you can write a expression using call function. Develop the expression yourself using call function and even the select will work. You do not need select expr. We will be using those examples in the coming lectures. The point is that we learned a new approach to develop the SQL expressions. Why develop SQL expressions like this? Why? Because they give access to column functions which might not be available as a SQL function. What do we mean? This to date is a SQL function. Why? Because this two date function is wrapped in a string, right? When expr evaluates this string expert will use SQL engine or the SQL to evaluate this expression, so this should be a valid SQL function to date, death date, departure time, Wilson taxi and should be a valid column names in this data frame. Right? And as R date should be a valid SQL syntax and all are correct to date is a valid SQL function. So all these expressions are made using SQL functions. Now let's come to spark documentation and let me show you uh, we have SQL built in functions. Spark SQL supports maybe 100 plus SQL functions. If you look at this guide to date To date to date is a SQL function. Along with that, we also have APIs. If you come to API reference. We have a column class. And that column class also gives a bunch of functions, right. These functions may be available as SQL function or may not be available as SQL function. For example, let's look at uh get field or get item. These two guys, if you search in the SQL functions get field and get item. Only get is there get bit get list grouping. There is no get field or get item function. And these two functions get field get item. These similarly drop fields that is also not there. These functions give some functionalities which are very powerful while working with semi-structured data. Your JSON data or XML data, those kind of data sets. These are very powerful. So why use these kind of column expressions instead of SQL expressions? Because column expressions give you access to some additional functions which are available as column methods. Right? So when we say call dp date this function will return a column object. And all these functions are available to us as column methods. And that's why we should be using, um, this approach of developing expressions. Sometimes over the, this approach of developing expressions. So that's all. That's all. Now if you want you can change this expression also into this style of expression. Right. Let's let's change this. Let's remove this, uh, double string notation and then convert this. Right. So op career is a column. So I can tell this column value should be equal to 1451. And this column value should be equal to this date. So when we write expressions like this, these guys should be. Python operators or your language operators. If you are using a Scala language, it should be Scala language operators. If you are using Python, this should be Python operators, right? So for and what is the operator in Python I guess. And right. And for equality this single equality is not going to work in Python. For equality we have to use double equal to when we write it as a string, then. Single equal to or double equal to both works in SQL, so that successfully evaluates as a valid expression. But when we write it like this we have to use the Python operators here. And let's try this. Okay so it is saying. And. And this column. Date. Double. Equal to. This date. Right. And, uh, maybe, uh, this expression I should wrap around a parenthesis and then this expression. Also I should wrap around, uh, parenthesis, uh, to make sure this and understands that this whole thing and this whole thing. Right. And this should work, right? It works. So the point is qualify the column names with the call function and develop your expression using more your language specific notations like pythonic way right for doing the equality check. Use double equal to for doing the and operation use and for plus use plus for minus use minus will keep on learning as we practice more and more and learn more data frame transformations. So that's all about this lecture. In this lecture we wanted to learn about writing data frame column expressions. Right. And for that we developed one requirement. And we tried to write expressions using select expr inside select expr. And we learned we can develop expressions like we develop SQL expressions right. And pass it as an string. Let the expr function or select expr. Evaluate this using the built in SQL functions, column names and SQL expression like things. That's one approach, and this approach can be used anywhere in data frame transformations, wherever expressions are expected. Write in with columns. We provide the logic or the expression for transformation. We can use string like expressions using expr function by evaluating these expressions using expr function. Or we can develop expressions directly. We don't need to get it evaluated through expr function. We can just wrap every column name with a call function and build our own expression, which is evaluated by a spark at the time of compilation, right? It doesn't need to go and get it evaluated at runtime using the SQL engine. And that's all. This approach gives us access to some of the additional column methods. And it's not a huge list a small list only only a few column methods are there. But there are some critical column methods that are available to work with the semi-structured data. Right? So we should be learning and being in practice of developing this kind of expressions for the added benefits or advantage. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.