Welcome back. In this lecture we will focus on learning two types of transformations filtering and removing duplicates. These transformations are applied at the row level, so you can filter out unnecessary rows or the rows that you don't want in your data frame, and you can remove duplicate rows from your data frame. So let's start learning these two types of transformations with the help of some examples. So I am in my development environment. Let's go to chapter five Filtering and Removing Duplicates. Let's connect a cluster. Good. So we have a very simple requirement here. Create a test data frame as shown below. So we want to create a data frame with these records and then apply these requirements or develop logic for these things. So before we start doing these things, let's create a data frame. And as you already learned, creating a data frame requires two things. The first thing is to define a schema for the data frame. Second thing is to load data. So let's define a schema for the data frame. Let's say data schema. And we learn super simple method for defining the schema like a string. And if we look at the requirement we have four fields id source, destination and distance. Right. So let's define id and make it int. Source. Let's keep it a string then Destination. This is also a string and then distance. Let's keep it as int. And then we need data. So we are not going to load data from a source or from a file. We will be creating a data list for these many records. And then use that data list to create the data frame. So let's create a data list and this is the list right. And within the list we define records. So first record is like 101 ID then source let's say Mumbai and destination let's say Goa. And then distance 587. That's our requirement. Similarly, we will define the next record and then third fourth. Like that we will define all the records. So first record ends here. And we define second record here with 102. Source is again Mumbai. Destination is Bangalore. And distance 985. Like that we will define all the records. So let me copy paste those records for simplicity. Done right. So we have the data list. Now what is next. Next thing is we can create a data frame. Let's call it D And creating a data frame requires a spark session. And then we can use create data frame and pass the data. List data equal to data and schema equal to my data schema. This will create a data frame for us and then we can display the data frame. Displaying data frame is simple DF dot display. This way display is also available as a function, so you can do it like this. Display and pass the data frame which you want to display. So both way it works, it's up to you which way you want to use the display function. Let's run it and hopefully it will display the data. So we have the data frame created and displayed here. Now let's look at the requirement. Select records that satisfy the following criteria. Source is Mumbai and destination is Bangalore. So we want to select all the records where source is Mumbai, destination is Bangalore and we hope to see two records here Mumbai, Bangalore, Mumbai, Bangalore rest all should be filtered out. That's a very super simple thing we want to filter. And you already learned we have a transformation called where. And we can use where method or transformation to filter records. And we have a filter method also which is same like where there is no difference. We can use filter method to specify the condition and filter out the records. But there are different ways or approaches to writing that where clause to develop that filtering expression. So we have four approaches. And I want to show you all four approaches here. The first approach is using a single filter. Second is using two filters. Third is using a call function expression and fourth is using a data frame qualifier expression. Let's learn all these four approaches. The first approach is using a single filter. You already learned these things in the previous lectures, but I want to consolidate different ways of writing the expressions with the help of filter condition here. So let's use a data frame and then we can use either filter method or we can use the where method. Right. And simply write a single expression representing our requirement. So requirement is. Source is Mumbai and destination is Bangalore. So you can write it as source. Source is Mumbai. And. Destination is equal to. Bangalore. That's all. And the result is a new data frame after filtering. So we can simply add the display or show action after that. And it should display the result. This is super simple and most preferred approach for writing the expressions and we can see the result. Second approach is using two methods or two filters. So let's do that and it will make more sense. So let's use DF and we can use filter or where. So let's use filter again because we used filter earlier. And in the filter we can write our condition source equal to. Mumbai. That's the first condition. And after the first condition you can add one more condition as a separate method like dot filter again and provide the second condition destination equal to. Bangalore. That's all. And what does it mean? You can have multiple filter conditions or multiple where clauses, each Where clause or each filter condition is specifying one condition, the second one is specifying second condition, and this is by default automatically assumed to be an and condition. So this and this right. That's how this expression is evaluated. And once we have this we can display. I hope everything is fine here. Yes it worked. So you can combine all the conditions with explicitly mentioning and or in a single expression. Or you can break it into multiple conditions. And spark data frame will assume that these multiple conditions are combined with the and operator. So these are using 2 or 3 separate separate filters. So this is also one way of writing the expression. The third way of writing expression is using the call function. You already learned this. Also for using the call function we have to import the call function. So from pi spark dot SQL dot functions. Import call function. And once we have the call function we can use call function to define our expression. And it is super simple as df dot filter you can use where. Also I'm simply saying filter. And then what is the condition. Condition is source equal to Mumbai but source is a column. So I have to say call Source Mumbai and then write the expression using Python style of writing expression, which is for equality. We have to use double equal to and double equal to what? Mumbai. Mumbai is just a literal so we don't have to say call Mumbai. This should be called source, right? Call source equal to Mumbai. So column name is explicitly qualified with the call function. So spark understands we are talking about the source column equal to Mumbai. Right. And this condition is done. And after that we also want to add the second condition using this and operator so we can use and here. Right and right. The second condition, which is my column destination. Double equal to Bangalore. Bangalore. And close the parentheses here. So if you are doing it something like this, then we need to make sure this is combined as a single item. Maybe using a pair of parentheses here. Right. Because and accepts two arguments the first argument and the second argument. So we have to make sure that the entire first argument is combined together. It should not be like Mumbai and called destination, right? We have to combine call source equal to Mumbai. And, uh, yeah, this works. And then from here we have to combine these things into one item. So let me looks like parenthesis somewhere. Something is wrong. So, um, this is done and uh, this is done up to here. This looks like extra. And then this is done here. And this is done up to here, and this one is closing the filter. And once this is done, we can do the display. So this is another way of writing the expression. You might be thinking how do I write if there are multiple ways of writing the expression easiest? Is this right? This is the easiest approach. So if you also feel that this is the easiest approach, you can choose to write your expressions this way. But other peoples might be feeling that this is easier or this is easier. So they might be writing expressions like this. So we need to understand what are the different ways of writing expressions so we can understand others code also. Right. So that's third way. Fourth approach is something new which you might not have learned yet. So this is using data frame qualifier writing expression using data frame qualifier to qualify the column in the earlier we were qualifying the column with the call function, there is one more way to qualify the column with the data frame itself. So let me write and it will make more sense. So df dot filter filter. And what do we want to write here. We want to write data frame source column equal to Mumbai. So you can write it like this df dot source equal to. Mumbai. Right. And put this into one pair of parentheses. And and and then next condition inside this pair of parentheses and next condition is df dot destination equal to. Bangalore. Right. And then we can display. So this approach is same as the approach we used to write the expression with the help of call function, but instead of qualifying the column with the call function, we are qualifying the column with the data frame variable itself df dot source equal to Mumbai and df dot destination equal to Bangalore. This type of approach, qualifying it with the data frame variable itself is sometimes helpful when we are trying to join two data frames, and there are columns with the same name in both the data frames, so that time specifying data frame is mandatory is kind of becomes mandatory to avoid confusion. So for now, just learn that we can qualify the column name with the data frame variable itself. And when we are learning about joins different things about the joints, we will come back to this approach and we will use it there. Let's run it and see if we get the same result. So we got the same results. So we learned how to filter right. And along with that we learned different approaches for approaches of writing the expression you can choose whatever method of writing the expression feels more natural and easy to you. There is no difference. When I say no difference. I mean no difference in terms of performance, no difference in terms of result. Everything. All these four approaches work with the same performance and same result. Now let's talk about removing duplicates. We learned how to filter records based on some condition, but assume that we have duplicate records. The entire row is duplicate in the data frame. How do we filter out one of those? Think about this initial data frame where these two records are duplicate, right? ID 102102. Source Mumbai. Destination Bangalore. Distance is also same. How do you filter one of these? Keep maybe the first one and leave the other one. How do you filter that? You cannot filter it using a filter condition. When you say source is Mumbai, destination is Bangalore. Both the records are taken. Or when you say leave this record right. A condition filter condition like where source is Mumbai. Destination is Bangalore. Do not take that record. Then it will leave both the records. So whatever condition you specify, it will either take both the records or leave both the records. It is not possible to filter one of these, keep one and leave the other using the filter condition. These things can be done using removing duplicates, right? We have a duplicate and we want to remove the duplicate. But what do you mean by the duplicate. So let's look at the data frame once again. DF dot display the initial data frame. We have this data frame here with seven records. So when I say remove duplicates what do you mean by duplicates? Duplicate may have different meaning. The simplest meaning of duplicate is when the entire row is exactly same, right? This entire row is exactly same. That's the one and easiest and the most commonly understood definition of duplicate. So how do we remove this? these duplicates. How do you do it in SQL? In SQL we do select distinct star from the table and it will remove the duplicate and keep only one right. Same approach can be done or taken with the data frame. So simply take the data frame dot and we have a method called distinct or transformation called distinct. That's all df dot distinct data frame dot distinct. It will look at all the records in your data frame and identify what are the duplicates. So these two are duplicates right. This these two guys also looks duplicate Delhi Chennai. But ID is different 103 and 104. The distance is same but ID is different. So these are these two guys are not duplicate. Only these two guys are Duplicate here. Also, if you look at these two records. Same same same. But distance is different. So these two are also not duplicate. In this example only these two guys are duplicate. So what spark will do is spark will take one of these records and leave the other. Which one does not matter. Right. Will it take the first one and leave the second one, or will it leave the second one and take the first one? That doesn't matter if we take any of these end of the day result is going to be same. So distinct will look at the entire data frame, leave one record and take the other record as duplicate removal. Even if there are five duplicates of the same record, it will take the one and leave the four other four. So that's what distinct will do. And once it is done, we can display it right to verify. So out of seven we should get six records. Here we got six records. Mumbai, Bangalore. Only one record is taken. The other record is removed. So that's the default definition of duplicate. Right. But uh, you might have a different definition for duplicate or you might have a little different requirement. So you might have a requirement to remove duplicates based on the specified column values. So for example we want to look at id source and destination only if these three fields based on these three fields, if there are duplicate records remove them and do not look at the distance or look at only three columns. Even if there are 100 columns there, look at only three columns Or four columns are the columns of my choice and remove duplicates based on that. So, for example, if we want to identify duplicates based on id source and destination, ignore the distance which all records will be identified as duplicate. Let's look at the initial all the records in this data frame when we had seven. So these two guys are definitely duplicate. Even if we consider only three columns id, source and destination. These two guys are not duplicate because ID is different, source and destination is same, but ID is different. What about these two guys? These two guys are duplicate, right? Based on these three columns, distance is different, but we don't want to consider distance for identifying duplicates. We want to consider only three columns. And based on these three columns, these two guys are duplicate. So we have one duplicate removal requirement from here and one duplicate removal requirement from here. Out of seven we should get five records. If we are able to successfully remove duplicates based on only three columns. Spark DataFrame gives you a transformation for this requirement also, and that transformation is known as drop duplicates. Drop duplicates and give a list of columns which you want to consider for identifying duplicates, we want to consider ID and source right source and destination. We want to consider only three fields for identifying duplicates and then display the result. Let's run it. And we expect five records. We got five records, right? We have two records for Delhi, Chennai. But IDs are different, right? So we managed to remove one duplicate for Mumbai Bangalore and one duplicate for I think Delhi, Chennai or which one was. Bangalore. Kolkata. Right. One for Bangalore. Kolkata. Here. And got five records. So that's all. That's what we wanted to learn. In this lecture we learned four different approaches for writing your expression. And we also revisited filter condition or where method. And we learned how to remove duplicates. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.