Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn sorting, limiting and collecting the results. We will learn two types of transformations. Sorting on your data frame, limiting the results from your data frame. And we will learn about one action which is collecting the results from your data frame so that you can work with the final results. So let's start learning these things with some examples. So I am in my coding environment. Let's go to chapter five and open this sorting limiting and collecting. Let's connect a server so we can execute our code. And let's look at the requirement. Read data from flight time table. You already learned how to read it. So let's create a data frame reading the flight. Time table. Flight. Time DF is equal to spark. Dot. Read. Read dot table. Write and specify the table name. Table is in dev. Catalog is Mark DB database and the table name is flight time. We read this and then we want to display this guy right. So dot display. Let's run it. So we can see. There are so many records here. And we can see some samples here and we met our requirement. Read data from flight time table. So we learned how to read and how to display. So that's all. Now look at the second requirement. Find the top three most delayed flights on 16th January 2000 from US to AUD. Right. This is source and this is destination and this is flight date. And we want to find top three most delayed flight. So that's the first part of the requirement. And you can meet this requirement using maybe filter condition on these. Right. And then sorting your data frame with the delay right. If delay is given great. If delay is not there in the table we can calculate the delay. How do we calculate the delay? Look at the scheduled arrival time and arrival time difference of these two guys. Is the delay right? Scheduled arrival time is 14 hours and actual arrival time is 1348. So from actual if we deduct scheduled, we will get the delay. If the delay is positive right. If it is greater than zero in this example 1348 is the actual arrival time. And scheduled arrival time was 14. So it arrived early. There is no delay, right? So if the difference of these two is positive we have the delay. And if we no delay, then we can sort the records based on the delay and take only three from the top. That's all. Top three most delayed flights. So we kind of know the logic how to achieve this requirement. Then there is a second part of the requirement. Collect the result into a list and display the output as following. So let's do the first part. Let's at least create the data frame with these top three. And then we will think how do we meet the second requirement. So let's start writing it. I want to uh use easiest way to define the expressions. And easiest way, or the most simple way is to use expr function to define your expression. So let me import that function first from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import expr. And then we start defining data frame. Let's say top three Right. Top three DF and I will define code in a pair of parentheses. And let's start with our data frame. Data frame is flight time df dot. What do we want to do? First thing is to apply a filter condition. Right. Where where and uh where what is the condition given flight on this date. And this is my flight date. Right. So. F underscore date equal to what is the date given? I'll define it as a string here. And date is 2000. What is the date format here. This right. So 2000 zero 116. That's my filter condition. And we have from a US to Ord from is uh origin code. And uh this guy is destination code. So let's write the condition as origin. Equal to. A us. And in these conditions you can write column names in upper class or lower class. Doesn't matter. These expressions are not case sensitive. So these column names are shown here as upper case. Even if we look at the data frame schema these are shown as uppercase, but we can use them in lowercase or in uppercase. They are not case sensitive, right? And the next condition is origin is origin. Destination is dest. Destination equal to. What are these values are case sensitive right. Values are case sensitive but the column names are not case sensitive. So that's all we defined our filter condition. And where clause or the where method or the filter method expects a string which is a expression to define the condition. So we don't have to explicitly qualify this guy with the expr. There is no need because where condition or where method or where transformation, as well as the filter transformation. Expect this to be an expression. So it is an expression. We don't have to specify it with a expr. Now next step. Next step is to calculate the delay. Right. Without delay we cannot find what are the top three most delayed flights. So we want to calculate one new column here. Let's call it delayed arrival. How do we do it. One column working with one single column or transforming one single column or creating one new single column can be done using with column right with column and first parameter is the name of the column we want to create or transform delayed. Arrival. Let's create this new column and we need to specify the logic. But with column expects a expression. The with column expression must be explicitly qualified with the expr. And that's why we imported expr. And what is the expression? Expression is as simple as actual arrival minus. Minus. Scheduled arrival. Right. So let's put that. A underscore time. You write it in capital or you write it in a small doesn't matter or time minus C CSR RR time. And this will give me one new column. Delayed arrival. Now, what is the next step once we have the delayed arrival? We need to sort it right dot order by for sorting. We have a transformation called order by. So let's specify the column name of which column do we want to use for sorting. So we want to use this new column which we created right. So let's put that and the sorting should be in ascending or descending. So we want most delayed at the top. So descending order is what we want. And in the order by we have to specify if ascending. Is true or false. So we say that ascending false means order by in delayed. Do I need to filter for delayed arrival being positive? Not in this case. We are sorting it in descending. And let's say if delay is -five minutes means it arrived early for one record and delays are plus three minutes for another record. Then plus three will be at the top. And we are interested in top three only. So we hope we are hoping expecting that at least three records will be there with positive delays. So even if I don't apply a filter condition on the delayed arrival, I am expecting to get the meaningful records. But ideally you should add a filter condition. But for now, let's leave that. And after sorting, what do we want? We are interested in only top three records, so we can limit using the limit method and limit only three records. That is all. This will give me a data frame top three DF. Right. And I can display that. So it is not CSR. I guess it is CRS. Let's try again. Okay so we got three records here right. And is it expected a flight delayed by five minutes. So courier a a a a a a UA five minutes two minutes two minutes. So a a a a ua a and where is the delay? Delayed interval is five minutes, two minutes, two minutes. So looks like we got the same three records that we were expecting here. But this is not how we want to display it, right? The requirement is to display it like this. It is saying AA flight delayed by 5.0 minutes. AA flight delayed by 2.0 minutes. Right. And this is a custom display requirement. We don't have a transformation or action or a method which can fulfill this custom display requirement. It is not only the custom display requirement, but we may have a custom processing requirement which cannot be performed by spark transformations. For example, maybe you want to take the result. In this case, these three records. Take these three records and do some visualization, like charting, right. Show me a chart or a graph. Or maybe you know that you can use, uh, some Python based libraries for displaying the records or results as a chart or as a graph. Right? It is possible that you want to take these results and use it for some machine learning, uh, library or training, a machine learning library and your machine learning API is a Python API. It is written in Python, and you want to get a pandas data frame and use that pandas data frame along with your machine learning API, because machine learning API expects a pandas data frame. So those kind of End of requirements. For example, here requirement is to format the result in a particular desired way and then display it. So those kind of requirements are essentially saying that whatever your results in this data frame, pull that result into a Python variable, right. Pull that into a Python variable and then write custom Python code to process these records in whatever way you want to process. For doing that. We have to use one action called collect right or action to pull records from data frame into a Python variable. We know that spark data frames are distributed. They are processed on a cluster of computers. Pulling records from DataFrame to Two. Python will bring it from multiple computers in a cluster to a single machine in the cluster, and that machine is working as a driver. Or maybe it is available on the client machine, because spark also supports client server architecture where your data is on the server, it is processed on the server, but you want to pull the records, the results back to your client in a Python variable and do the processing there. So for pulling records from a data frame to a Python variable is called collecting record. So what do we want to do. We want to collect records from this data frame into a Python variable. And you can do it here itself. Let's say we wanted to display but now we don't want to display it right. We have used the display and seen how the record looks like. But then we want to collect it into a Python list. So let's say we create a top three. Of rows right. And this list we want to pull or take or collect the data frame records into this list. So we have a action for that called collect. And collect will give me all the records from this data frame into a Python list. It will pull from the server to your client the results. So normally we don't collect a huge number of records because spark is for, uh, big data processing. So assume that you have a data frame with 1 billion records, and you want to collect that your client machine will crash, right? It might not be able to handle 1 billion records on a single machine. It might not be able to hold that 1 billion records in the memory. So it might crash. And even if we think about the network delays from server to client moving 1 billion records assume that it is, let's say 1 or 2TB in size will take forever over the network. Right? So normally these collect actions are used for a small set of final results. We can pull final results, let's say 5100 200 500 records. Even 1000 2000 should be fine. Right. And then bring it into a Python list and then we can process that using the Python list. So let's say we execute this. And top three list of rows will be a Python list. What is the value of this list. Let's quickly just type this and we can see. So top three list of rows is a Python list. We can see that using this kind of angle brackets it's a list. And in the list each record or each item starts from here to here. Then second guy here to here, and third guy from here to here. And each record is a row object with these values a row with a value, a FL date op carrier. So row of key value kind of fields. How do we process it in Python. You need to know a little bit Python. You need to be able to process it in Python. But whatever you want to do, even if you know Python, you have to convert these list of rows into a plain Python dictionary, right? Then only it will be easy to process in Python. So let's write code for doing the Or converting this list of rows to a Python list. Simple list right? So let's create a variable. Let's call it our top three And we want to create a top three list. How do I create a top three list? Top three list from this guy right. Top three list of rows. So from this guy. Easiest way to do that is loop through this uh top three list of rows right. So for let's say each row in top three list of rows. And when we get a row object from this what we want to do row dot as. As dict. And take each value each item of the row as dict and convert it into a list. And we will get this. So what is this row? Row Ro is a spark data frame class defined in the spark data frame, which gives one easy method to convert that row from this to a dictionary. Let me quickly jump to the spark documentation. And show you where this is. Go to documentation API docs API reference in the spark SQL. There is an object called row or class called row. It defines only one single method as dict, right? So that's what we are trying to do here. Navigate through all the rows in this list of rows. And for each row convert it as dict. So we get a list of Python dictionaries. Now let's run this. And this is kind of a mandatory or essential, or a most commonly used step. If you want to process a data frame, bring the data frame into a Python variable or in a Python list, and then process it your way using the Python code. So if we look at this guy now let's see what this guy is. Right. So if we simply run this we will get a list. And each item in the list is a dictionary from starting from here to here. Dictionary is nothing but a key value pair. Right. So FL date key. This is the value key. This is the value. Same kind of structure was there in the data frame or list of rows. But each item was a row object which is not available in Python. So what we want to do convert each row object into a dictionary. So that we can easily process it in Python. So that part is done. We remove this guy. Also, we have done the investigation. So we have a Python list. Now what do we want to do with this Python list. We have a Python list. We want to display it like this. A flight delayed by five minutes. Next line. A flight delayed by two minutes. US flight delayed by two minutes. Print it one by one. Right. So we can print it easily. Print the result in the desired format. How do I print it? Let's run a loop for. Let us say I in in this top three list, right in this top three list. And in each iteration, what do we want to do? We want to print. Print. Uh, Print. What? The first thing that we want to print is this. AA. AA is what it is. AA is my field in the list, which is opie carrier. Right. So what we want print from this element first element I and take the field called. Carrier. Right. This is my dictionary. Right. So from that dictionary we take Opie carrier. Right. And then after the Opie carrier what do we want to print. Let's put a parenthesis here and maybe a closing Using parentheses here for the print. And first we want to print op carrier. Then flight delayed by is a kind of string. So carrier then what do we want. We want to print flight delayed by maybe after op carrier. We want one space and after flight delayed by. Also we want one space. And then what else do we want to print after that we want to print. This guy delayed arrival right. And then say minutes. So delayed arrival is taken from I and field name is. Delayed arrival. Right. And delayed arrival is an interval. If we look at the top three list let's see what do we have in the delayed arrival? Um. Where is delayed arrival? Delayed arrival? Is date time right? Time. Delta seconds. 300 seconds. So it is date time. Time. Delta. When we converted that from spark interval to a python, it is converted into a date time dot time delta. So we have to process that. So if I say I delayed arrival it will be a date time time delta in Python. And we can get uh our total seconds from that using the date time time delta dot total seconds and divide it by 60 to convert it into minutes because we want to show the output in minutes, not in seconds. Minutes. Right. So divided by 60. And, uh, this will be a number. So wrap it around a str so that it is converted into a string. And we can append career flight delayed by this. And after that what we want to say minutes. Minutes, right. Maybe one space before minutes. And that is all that is all about the print, right? That's all. So let's run it. We got the output. AA flight delayed by five minutes. AA flight delayed by two minutes. Two minutes. And this is exactly what we wanted to show here as the right. And this guy, I just printed it to see what do I I have in the delayed arrival. So remove that. And that's all we achieved the result. So what we aim to learn here, we aim to learn how can we do the sorting which we learned earlier also, and many other examples we will see in the coming lectures for doing the ordering. Ordering or sorting of your data frame is super simple. It can be done with the order by transformation, but if you want to collect or pull your data frame records or your results to your client, and then process it using your client library or your language of programming, in our case, it is Python, so you want to pull it as a Python list and do your processing custom processing in Python using Python language. Why? Because in maybe in the data frame that functionality is not available. Or you want to do something like custom preparation, printing, displaying, charting. You may have to pull the records into the Python and how to do that. We learned that in this, uh, lecture. The idea is to collect. And collect also gives you, uh, option to collect only n number of records. So if I say collect three, it will collect only three records, even if the data frame has got 500 records. So but in our case it is only three records. And we want to collect all the records. I got the all the records collect without any parameter. Now we have one more small requirement here. Find the third most delayed flights on this same right. Find the third most delayed flight. Earlier, the requirement was top three most delayed flights and what we want. We want only the third most. Leave the first. Leave the second. Show me the third guy. Right. How do you achieve that? We can achieve at it very simply. How do we achieve top three? Same code. We are going to use and modify it to get the third most. So let's call it top third data frame. We will get that. And then we will simply display that to verify or validate our results. Um display. How do we get that. So where condition is same. We want to apply that uh with column delay. Arrival calculation remains the same. Sorting also remains the same. We need to order by delayed arrival in descending. So that is done and after sorting we will get all the records sorted by most delayed at the top second most delayed, third most delayed. And we definitely want to take only three from the top because fourth onwards is useless for us. But from the top three we want to take the third one only. So limit also gives one more additional option which we can use with the limit. And that option is offset. Offset. And we tell the offset as two in this condition. So what we are saying limit only three records. And after that offset first two Right and give me only the third one. So let's display this. And we got only the third one, which is u a and delay is by 0.0 to R right. And in the earlier also we saw that the UA was the third one. So that's all we wanted to learn about the offset also because it's uh it gives a capability which sometimes is very powerful. If you are looking for third, fourth or maybe 10th specific from a sorted result. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.