Welcome back. So far we have been doing transformations with structured data. In this lecture we will learn two approaches of processing unstructured data or transforming unstructured data using Apache Spark. So let's start learning that with an example. So let's go to a notebook. Chapter five Transforming Unstructured Data. This is the notebook that I'll be using to help you learn how to work with the unstructured data. Let's connect a cluster and start looking at the requirement. So we have a text file Apache logs dot txt file. And this is a text file. So there is no specific structure in this text file. When I say structure I mean the way data is represented in the file, so that it can be read as a row column format in something like a table. CSV files are structured files, right? If your data is represented in the CSV file, you can easily convert or infer or read them as row column structure where each column value is separated by a comma. Same way there might be other file formats where you can easily read them as a row column structure, but this is a log file which doesn't come with a well defined column structure inside it. So first thing, what we want to do here is read that and display and look at the data. What do we have here. So how do you read a text file in spark. Very simple. Same way we read other types of files like CSV file or JSON file. We use text file connector to read data from the text file. So let's create a data frame reading the data and let's call it file df. And I'm willing to write code inside a pair of parentheses for reading any kind of data. We start with sparksession dot read and. Specify the format. So let's say format. Format helps us to locate the connector. So connector for reading a text file is activated through the format text. And we don't want to specify any options here. Simply load load load from which location. So I already have this log file. This Apache log file in my volume already loaded there. And if you have executed your chapter for our notebook for. Setting up your environment. This file should be there in your environment also. So copy volume file path. That's all. And we can paste it here. So it is available as Apache logs dot txt. Once we load the data into a data frame let's display it here. Display. You can use display as a function also and run it. By the time it is loading let's go and look at the file itself in the catalog. I can go to my database and go to my volume and navigate through all the directories and open this log file. So this is my log file. It is a text file. So we have lines of text right. And the first line starts from here and I think ends here. Then second line starts from here and here right. And like that we have multiple lines in this text file. But look at the content of one single line. It has some value here. Looks like IP address then two dashes then some date then some other things. So there is nothing here which helps us to identify where a column starts and where a column ends. Right. So it is a completely unstructured line of text available in this text file, and we want to process that. We want to read it, load it into a data frame and process it. So if we read a text file in a data frame, each line becomes one row one column. So let's see how it is. Spark is reading this. So when we read one line of text, you can maybe try expanding it or look it like this. One line of text is loaded as single column. Column name by default is value. So that's all. One line of text, one column itself. Then next row. One column. So everything that is there in that text file is dumped as a value. Single column value. And this is not very useful for us to infer anything or take out any insight from this file. But we want to process it. So let's see what is the processing requirement. But before that you can print the schema. And we already know it has a value field single field. In the data frame we can see the schema here value which is a string nothing else. But if you want to see the schema you can even print this schema right. So take the data frame and. Print schema. You can call this method and it will print the schema of the data frame. A schema is very simple route and a value which is string. That's all. That's the schema. So we have the data frame where we loaded unstructured data. Now we have a requirement. Develop a strategy to extract the following fields. What are the fields? IP address IP address is a IP address of the site visitor. And we know the first thing here is the IP address. Right. But we don't know where it ends. After that we have something like this uh something like this in almost all records. But we have a requirement to extract the IP address and visit timestamp. It is the date and time of the site visit. We want to parse and format the timestamp to this format. So look at the data. Uh, somewhere in each record we have timestamp which looks like this. We want to extract this timestamp and format it in a valid timestamp format. In this format, why? Why MMD hour minute second and Z represents the time zone in the data. We have these 000 plus zero zero timestamp, which is a representation of UTC timestamp. Third requirement is visit resource. Which resource was visited? So which resource from our website was accessed. Right. And uh, I think where it is this is the API. Uh, maybe this one is the HTTP message. I don't know what this guy is, and maybe this is the resource right in or the URL in my website which was accessed. So we want to extract that and referring URL. It is the clean URL of the referring website. So from where it is coming. Uh I think this should be the referring URL. And uh. Oh, my resource should be something like this. This PNG file. Right. So this is our Apache log where whoever is visiting our website, Apache Log is being generated for each visit. Right. And we want to extract these four fields IP address visit timestamp visit resource and referring URL. How do we extract it? We want to develop an strategy. Traditionally, spark gave us a capability to parse these kind of strings. These kind of strings with a pattern matching. Right. We can develop a regular expression to identify a pattern within this string. And with that pattern matching we can define different columns. And then we can extract the column. So that's one standard approach for parsing or processing Using unstructured text, right? Using the regular expression or pattern matching in the latest version of spark, and in the latest development, when AI is becoming very common, we can use AI to identify whatever we want to identify from here, from this string, right? We can use the AI capability or LM capability to extract that. Right. So we will learn both the approaches, the traditional pattern matching approach using regular expressions and AI approach using LM to extract these things. So we want to develop a strategy how we can extract this. And we will develop both these strategies here. So let's first look at how we can do it using the pattern matching or regular expression. For using the pattern matching approach we have to develop a regular expression which can. And look at each string and break it into multiple fields. Developing a regular expression is a complex skill, and it's a separate skill in itself. When I say separate skill, I mean it is not Apache Spark skill. It is a completely different domain, different skill, and it is hard to learn also. So I'm not going to cover how to develop regular expressions in this course, because that is not in the scope of this course. Beyond the Apache Spark. We are learning Apache Spark here. So assuming that you know how to write regular expressions, I'm pasting a regular expression here developed or designed specifically for this log data. So you can assume that, you know, regular expression or you know how to write regular expressions. And you have written this regular expression, which can be used to do pattern matching in this Apache log. Or maybe somebody in your team knows how to write regular expression and you develop the regular expression. So once we have a pattern matching regular expression we can start using the spark. So how do we use spark assuming that we know how to write regular expression. How do we use spark to apply this pattern matching regular expression and extract the desired fields. So let's learn that because that's the spark capability. And for doing that spark gives us a function called regexp extract. So we will import that function first from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import regexp extract. There are multiple regular expression functions offered by spark. Simple regexp. RegExp. Count. Extract. All instr like replace. We will be using regexp extract here. And, uh, learn how to use regular expression approach for working with unstructured data. The earlier data frame was uh, file df. Now we want to create a new data frame. Let's call it logs df. And, uh, we will create this, uh, maybe let's put a parenthesis here. We will create this from our file df or applying regular expression on file DF. And uh, what do we want to do. We want to select these four fields from each line or from the value field in the file df. So the requirement here is to select. So we can use select right and uh pass for select expressions here to extract four fields. And each field we can create using regexp extract function. So we call regex extract function. What is the field name which from which field we want to extract the value. Field name is value. So you can say value. And how to extract is done through the regular expression pattern matching on the regular expression. So we supply the this regular expression that we have developed earlier. So what it says on the value field apply this regular expression for pattern matching. And once it is pattern matched, pull the first field right. This is a pattern for identifying first field. This is the pattern for identifying second field. This is for third field. This is for fourth field. Like that we have defined a pattern. So what we want is first field. And we kind of know that first field is the IP address. Right. We don't know how to separate this from rest of the string. But we have developed a regular expression which will help us to separate this as a first field. So take the first field and once we have the first field, give an alias to this first field as IP address right IP address. This is the alias we want to give. So regex extract returns a column object right. And on the column object we have Column functions right? In the previous lecture, we learned that every column object gives us a bunch of functions which we can apply. And one function is alias. So we give alias and alias name is IP address. That's all we got the first field then second field again. Same approach regexp extract from value using my log reg regular expression. And next one we want to extract the timestamp and that is available as the fourth field. Look at this I understood this string and tried to define a regular expression that breaks different fields. And then I know which field is what. So this is going to be my first field. This is second field. This is second third field and fourth field is the timestamp. So what I want fourth field and alias as what is the field name that we want. Visit timestamp right. Visit timestamp then third field then fourth field. So let me copy paste it. It's the same that we want here. So we paste things here. And sixth field is my visit resource. And 10th field is my referring URL. And that's all that will give me a logs df. So let's say logs df dot display and we see what we extracted. Lagarrigue is not defined. So let me run this and I think a little bit formatting error. Let me fix that and try it again. So we got the result and looks like IP address is extracted successfully. Um timestamp is also extracted successfully. What is the data type? IP address is string visit timestamp. Everything is string, right? Because we are extracting fields from a string. A long value string. So everything is inferred as a string for visit timestamp. My requirement is to transform it into a timestamp of this format. We will do it in the next step. First step was to extract the value. So we got the timestamp value. Then visit resource. Looks like this is also extracted. And then next field is referring URL right. So URL is also extracted. Looks like are. Some garbages are there or some URL are there. So maybe we want to apply further transformation or some correction on this referring URL, which gives us a better representation of referring URL. Right? So next step is to refine results with further transformation. And this refinement can be as complex as your requirement is. The basic part was to extract these four fields from each line of the Apache Spark. So this was the difficult part. We have done that rest all is going to be simple transformations to refine the result as per our requirement. So let's create a new data frame after doing some refinements. and let me call it as test df equal to. And I'll write code inside this pair of parentheses. And we want to start with my logs df and apply with columns because I want to transform some columns as part of the refinement requirement. And which columns do I want to transform. The first one is definitely visit timestamp. Right. We want to transform the visit timestamp, make it a actual timestamp. As of now we have a string here, right? So do a data type conversion for visit timestamp. That's my requirement. I'll define the logic here. And uh we'll come to that. How to define that logic. And the next transformation. One more column I want to transform. And that column is my referring URL. Referring URL. So this is the guy I want to transform. What do we want to do with the referring URL or how do we want to refine it? I want to take out the root URL only and leave everything else. When I say root URL, I mean http colon double slash semi complete com. That's all. Rest all is not very meaningful for my analysis. So we want to take only the root URL in this example http slash slash. W-w-w-what. Google.com. That's all. Leave everything else. So that's the transformation we want to apply with the referring URL. Now let's define how do we transform the visit timestamp. What do we want to do. Visit timestamp is a string. As of now we want to convert it to timestamp. Converting data type can be done in two ways. First approach is use the cast or second approach is used some data type conversion functions. So cast is not going to work because cast works only when the input is in the default format. Default is Sparc format. As of now, we know the input is in DD, some different format, which is not the default format. Default format for Sparc is v, dd and then our minute seconds like that. So Cast is not going to work. So which function I can use I have a function by Sparc called two timestamp. So let's import that from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import which one to timestamp. And we will use two timestamp here and tell which column to transform. Visit timestamp to transform. And what is the input format? Right. Format is something like this. Let's copy this guy, paste it here and use it to define our format. So this is DD right. And this guy is m m m uh name for the month. And this guy is y y y y. Right. And what is this guy is two digit hours two digit minutes and then two digit seconds. And after that space. And then what do we have? Time zone information. So that's my input URL for visit timestamp. It will do the two timestamp conversion and give me visit timestamp with a valid timestamp referring URL. What do I want to do with the referring URL from the referring URL. What I want to do. I want to extract only root URL. How can I do. It's a string as of now. So maybe I can use some string manipulation function to substring or extract only root URL from this string. But what kind of string manipulation function I'm looking for? I have to develop some logic or some thought process that how I am going to extract only the root URL from this kind of string. Think about it. I have put in my thoughts and I found one approach that if I start reading from here and look for this forward slash first, slash second and third slash, I'll be able to identify a position in this string where the third slash starts. And everything from the beginning to that position is my root string, right? Root URL. So I want to extract root URL based on this logic that start counting slash from the beginning and on the third slash, stop and take everything else right. Quickly look at, uh, different uh, values here. Will that work for everything or most of the things uh, looks like. Right. Looks like some places we have these junks which do not have any URL, so we don't care about that. We care about these guys, these guys to format it a little bit or extract only the URL, the root URL part. So let's do that. I need a substring function which can implement my logic. So do we have a substring function for that in Apache Spark? I do not know because there are 100 plus functions. So let me look for the documentation, uh, and try finding that kind of function. And that's a common practice, because no course can give you a demo or explanation for all 100 plus functions available in spark, right? We learn some of the commonly used functions in the courses, and we learn how to look for the functions that you need. And that's what I'm going to give you uh example here. So we go to API reference. In spark SQL we have this area functions where all the 100 plus functions are listed. Right. All that. And we are looking for a string function. So we go to the section which lists string functions right. And start looking for something substr kind of thing. Right. Because that's what I want. So let's go quickly navigate to it is alphabetically ordered. Look for area where we have substr and we got three substr right substr subbase and substring index which one fits my requirement? Substr asks for which string you are looking for and then position, but I do not know the position. What it is saying is give me the position and give me the length length. I will start from this position. Take that length of the string and give it to you. But I do not know position. What I know is I am looking for characters like, uh, or a character like forward slash and find the position of the third far forward slash. So position I do not know. I want to find the position. Sub string is also looking for position. I do not know. Substring index is looking for delimiter and the count. So this might be the one I'm looking for. So let's go look at the details. STR is the target column to work on. Delimiter is the delimiter of values, so I think I know delimiter is forward slash for my case and count is number of occurrences. So looks like this is the guy I'm looking for. So what I want to tell here is use this Substr index. So import that function also sub string index. This is the function we want to use. And let's apply that substring index. The first value is the name of the column referring URL right. Second value is the delimiter or what you are looking for. I'm looking for the forward slash and which occurrence I'm looking for. Third occurrence and what it will return. Substring of the given value. So it should give me the take the substring and give me that value. And hopefully this will work. Let's try that. And we want to display the result after this transformation let's say. So visit timestamp is now looking like a real timestamp right. Look at the data type. It is timestamp and this is the default timestamp of a spark year month date. Then a t in between, then r minute second. And then this is your fraction of second. And then plus this is your time zone information. So visit time is looking good. Now referring URL. This also looks like I was able to extract only the root URL right? Wherever chunks are there. We cannot do anything with those. But wherever we could, we extracted the URL. Only the root URL, leaving everything else. So looks like I'm done. Right. And we learned traditional approach or one approach in Apache Spark for processing unstructured text data. So that's all for this lecture we wanted to learn one more approach for processing unstructured data using AI, using modern LMS, or using a machine learning model which has this capability to extract information from unstructured data. This is modern approach, latest new approach, and this makes things very easy. But this lecture is getting too long so we will do that in the following lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.