Welcome back. In the previous lecture, we learned how to use Apache Spark for transforming or processing unstructured data. In this lecture we will learn or we will extend the same idea. How do we transform or process unstructured data? But this time we want to learn how to use LM or AI to transform or process unstructured data. So let's start. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to a notebook. Transforming unstructured data. This is the same notebook we used in the previous lecture. Let me connect it to a cluster. And what do we want to do here. We want to learn how to use AI capability or an LM or a machine learning model from Apache Spark to process unstructured data. And we need unstructured data in our data frame. So let me execute this code once again to ensure that we have a file df a data frame where we have Apache logs, dot txt records, and each record is nothing but a value containing a unstructured text. We want to process this using the machine learning model or an AI model, or using an LLM, and the requirement is to extract these four fields from that unstructured data, and maybe do some little refinement to get a meaningful data frame or a record. We learned how to do it using pattern matching or a regular expression in Apache Spark. Now we want to learn how to do it using the AI or machine learning model for using a LM or a model, or an AI capability. We already know we need two things. One is a prompt for the model, and the second thing is a way to access the model or to invoke or call the model. So we will learn both the things. But first let's develop a prompt. Prompt is nothing but a string, right? So prompt. Let's define a prompt. I will define a prompt as a multi-line string and I'll be putting prompt here. What is that we want to give in the prompt for my LM. So let me paste the prompt here. And then I will explain what do I have here in the prompt. So prompt is just a English language instruction to the LM. And what I want to do is what I am explaining here. We are telling the LM that you will be provided with an Apache log file record. It is an unstructured text record. Each record represents some information from our website visits, such as what is the IP address of the visitor? What is the date and time of the visit, which resources was requested or which resource was requested, and the URL of the referring website. You are asked to parse the log file, record and extract the following fields. IP address and we are telling what is it? It is the IP address of the site visitor visit timestamp. It is the date and time of the site visit. We are also telling that parse and format the timestamp in this format. Don't uh, give it just an extract in whatever format it is, try to convert it into this format. Visit resources. What is that resource? What does that mean? Which resource from our website was accessed referring URL? We are telling what it is. It is the clean URL of the referring website. When the actual referring URL is not given, we saw some uh. In the previous approach. We saw some junk characters right in the referring URL. Uh, things like this. What do they represent? They represent that referring URL is not provided in the log file, but using an AI we want to go one step further. We want to tell the AI that when the actual referring URL is not given, you can extract the URL from the user agent. User agent information is also there in the log file. And, uh, you can try looking into the user agent and see if the referring URL is present there. Extract it from there. For cleaning the URL, you should take the values only to the domain extension such as.com, dot in.uk, etc. so we are not only telling the AI to extract these four fields, but also do some transformation, some processing on these fields and then give us the result, right? Only give final answer in the JSON format. Don't give uh, what you are working, what you are trying, how you are doing all those things we don't want only we want. Final answer and record colon here we will append or paste or concatenate the actual record from the log file. So we have a data frame where we have uh maybe 10,000 records. So for each record we will give prompt plus the record right here prompt plus the record here. We will concatenate record here and give it to LM or make an LM call and get the answer. And answer will be final answer in JSON format. So that because LM will return us a text result. Right. So we don't want a unstructured text from LM. We want semi-structured text because we know that JSON we can easily process or parse in Apache Spark data frame. So we don't want a text unstructured text output. We want a semi-structured output from LM so that we can easily understand and process the output. So that's the prompt. What is next. We need a way to access the LM or to call the LM. That part is not offered by the Apache Spark. Apache spark offers APIs to do the processing, but hosting and LM or a AI model accessing how to access the AI model. All those things are not part of the Apache Spark. So in your project, if you are doing this kind of things, we will have to have that solution from some other platform. In this example we are using Databricks. And Databricks gives us that capability. So Databricks takes some of the AI models and host them and gives us an end point to call that model or to use that model. And that you can see from the model serving here. Right. Come to the model serving. And uh, you will get a list of three hosted models by Databricks. So these are the models that are hosted by Databricks GPT 5.1 and GPT open source 120 billion model same way. Lama for Maverick. These models are hosted by Databricks. And let's assume that I want to call Databricks Lmv or Maverick. There is an endpoint name and, uh, URL to invoke the model. Right. So we can make a Rest API call to this endpoint, pass our inputs, uh, data, and let the model work on that data and produce the output. And we will get the output as a response. So all that infrastructure we will need. Right. If you are using Databricks this infrastructure is ready for you. Right. So we want to use this End point from our Apache Spark to give our prompt and the Apache log record and tell. For Maverick to give me the extract. Right. One more thing. Other than the pre hosted things. Models in a Databricks, we can create our own serving end points right where we can use our own in-house developed models or some third party models. Create an endpoint and then use it in the same way. We are going to use this pre hosted lemma for Maverick. So how do we use an end point. The simple approach is to make a rest API call. Pass the inputs, get the output and you are done. But in Apache Spark if we want to apply that we need a transformation. Or what is transformation? Nothing but a method or a function. So we need one function where we can pass our inputs internally. That function is making a call to the end point, to this end point or end point of our choice, getting the result and returning the result as a function return, right. So we need to develop that function. So we haven't learned how to develop user defined functions for Apache Spark right. We will learn that in the later lectures. And then we will learn how to develop functions and how to use user defined functions or custom functions in your spark processing. But for now we are going to use one function offered by Databricks, not Apache Spark. It is not part of the Apache Spark. It is part of the Databricks. Databricks has already developed one ready to use function. They call it AI query function. Right? We can use that function AI query in our Apache Spark data frame. Same like we use user defined functions or other functions like Substr Substr index. We have used our two timestamp function we have used for transforming data. We can use AI query function offered by Databricks to call an LLM. So let's uh, start doing that. So what do I want to do? I want to create a result DF, which will be my data frame result data frame. And I want to develop the logic here. And we want to start with the file df and apply transformations to achieve my requirement. Right. But we know that DF has got, uh, maybe 10,000 plus records, and I am going to call AI or LLM to process all those records. Cards. So let's do it for a smaller set for now. So what I want to do I want to put limit here and ten. Let's do it for a smaller set. We do the testing and once everything works fine we will do it for the entire data set. Right. So we will remove this part. But for now let's do it. Uh, limit ten or maybe 20. That is also fine. Test it for 20 records. So that is fine. Then what do we want to do after limiting. We want to apply maybe with column transformation. With column transformation because we want to create one new column which contains this prompt plus my log record. Right. Because my input to the AI or the LLM is prompt plus the data, the record which it wants to process. Right. So we will have to create one field in my data frame itself which concatenates the prompt plus the value, the record. So let's call that field also a prompt right. Let's call it prompt. And uh what do we want to do. We want to concat concat concat is a function which I want to use to concat. So let me import that. First let's import from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import concat. Right. So I want to use concat function concat function and concatenate two things. The first thing is the prompt string this right. So concat, uh, prompt and concat the value. What is value? Value is the field in my data frame. Right? This field in my data frame, which contains the log record. Right. Or the unstructured log entry. We want to concat these things together. And we know that with column takes an expression. So what I can do I can wrap it in an expression and make these things as a string. Uh, but we know that we can use call function to avoid wrapping things into the expression. So what I need to do here, this value is a column. Right. So I need to tell that. Okay. This is call this. This is a column. So concatenate value column. And I need to import the call also here right. Concatenate value column and prompt. Prompt is a literal right. I cannot directly use a literal. I have to wrap it around a lit function. We learn that in the earlier lectures and since I'm using lit, I have to import the lit also lit also. And that's all. This is my expression in itself. I don't have to wrap it in expr function. Concat is a function which I have imported here, right? Lit is a function which I imported here and value is a column which I have already qualified using the call. So this is my expression in itself. I don't need to wrap it around EXR. And this should give me a prompt column. Concatenating the prompt string with the value. What is the value? Value is the um. This value from the file df. Right. So let's come down and, uh. Let's try that. Let's see if I can see the prompt column. Uh let's display. And I can see prompt column. Here is the prompt record. And we have the record value. So I have a complete input field prepared for my LLM. This will go to the LM and get me a JSON format extract containing four fields I want. Then again, the next will go. Then next will go. Next will go. I have 1520 records here. So 20 LM calls will go to my model or LM, and uh, I will get the answer, but I have to write the code to send it to LM. So let's do one more with column transformation. And this time I want to create let's say JSON extract. Right. And how do I create JSON extract I will define a expression here to create the JSON extract. And since I want to use expr I will be importing expr. So you might be thinking that some places I am not using expr, Exper, I'm simply writing the column expressions directly. Some places I'm writing or using expr. So for me, I'm showing it so that you can learn both the approaches. Parallelly, some places I am doing this, some places I'm doing that. And also I have a feeling that my expression is going to be containing lot of strings. So if it is going to contain lot of strings, I prefer using expr. Or if I feel that, uh, writing that expression using SQL like syntax is easy. I prefer using expr. Sometimes it is very simple to develop expressions using call function and other function calls. So I prefer that. Now let's uh do or define the logic of how do I create the JSON extract for creating the JSON extract, we need to call a function which will internally call the. I pass my input, give me the output, and return that output as the JSON extract. Right. So two approaches. You define your user defined function and use it for doing that. Or if you are in Databricks, Databricks defined a function for us to do that. And the function name is AI query. So you can make AI query call and pass all the details to the AI query and uh, simply get the result. And result will be your JSON extract. And this is a Databricks defined function for Apache Spark. We have to create a similar function ourself. Now what are the parameters. The first parameter is endpoint name. Where do you find the LM and endpoint name. All we have to do is to give the model endpoint name from Databricks environment, not the URL. Only the name. And this AI query function is smart enough. It knows that we want to call this endpoint to access the Lambda for Maverick LM and pass our inputs. Second parameter is the request, which tells what is my input, what do I want to pass to the LM. And that input is this prompt field that we created here right. Which contains the prompt string and the value. So we give that prompt. We have one more optional parameter here third parameter. And it is known as response format. Right. So we want to give response format also. And what is that response format. We want our LLM to produce the output in JSON format, right? We have mentioned that in our prompt, and we don't want LLM to decide the JSON format by itself. Right. We want to specify a response format or a JSON schema and let LLM adhere to that schema. Right. And that's what we can give as a response format. So we want to specify a JSON schema here for LLM to produce the output or stick to the JSON schema. And I will put that JSON schema in a pair of single quotes, because that JSON schema is going to be a string, right. And how do we define JSON schema uh in a string. If you know JSON or you have worked with the JSON, you can define that string. It's very simple. Looking at this example also, you will learn that. So we want to create a object and it is defined as struct and the structure of the object. We will define inside this right. And in that object we want to define one field. That field should be known as extract. And the type of that field itself is an object. So the field itself is a struct. And then we defined structure of this struct. So top level object inside that object one single object extract which itself is a object. And in this object we have four fields. The first field is IP address. Then visit timestamp visit resources and referring URL. That's what we want. So make sure you are copying the names correctly from your prompt IP address. What is the type string then? Second field what we want. Visit timestamp right. Visit timestamp this also we want as string. Ultimately we want visit timestamp as a timestamp data type. But LM doesn't know spark timestamp data type. It knows English. So what. We want LM to return as a string and we will convert. Or we will cast it to timestamp. That's an easy thing. Then visit resource right visit resource. That too is a string. And then last one is your referring URL. And this is also a string. And that should be all right. We define this AI query, wrapped it in the expr. And that's all it should create a JSON. Let's try running it and see if we get the JSON extract this time. So value prompt and JSON extract and looks like IP address. Is there, timestamp is there, resource is there and referring URL is also there. But we got a single field here called JSON extract which is very well defined JSON string, but it is a single column. What we wanted to have is four fields IP address, visit timestamp, visit resources and referring URL. But that's the easy part, right? Extraction from unstructured data to a semi-structured data was a difficult part. Once that is taken care of by the LM, we can do rest of the things. So I think this is not needed. And what we want to do here is parse the JSON extract to individual columns. We want to extract the fields from a semi-structured. We want to convert semi-structured to a structured record. That's an easy thing. But we haven't learned that yet. In this course we will be learning how to work with the semi-structured data in the coming lectures. But for now, let me show you how to do that. So let's assume that I want to create final results DF right using our results DF right result df final results df or final result df from. result df dot. We want to do some transformations. Let's do first transformation with column and transform. Extract field itself. And as of now JSON extract field has got one JSON string. What we want to do parse this JSON string and take out four fields from this JSON string. And for doing that, spark provides a very simple, easy to use function called from JSON. So if I want to use the function we have to import it. So from pi spark dot SQL dot functions import from JSON. Right. And we want to call that from JSON function here to parse the JSON and extract the fields. So for parsing the JSON we will have to tell which column to parse. So this is the column to parse right from JSON. Parse the JSON extract. And I don't want to wrap it again uh in expr. So let me put a call here so that we are telling that this is a column name. What is JSON extract. It is a column name. And let's import the call here so we don't get the error. So parse this. But for parsing we have to tell what is the schema of the JSON. What to look inside the JSON. We know inside the JSON we want to look for IP address, visit timestamp, visit resource and the visit referring URL. Right. We are looking for four fields, So we have to tell the schema also. Let's say extract schema. What is that. Extract schema I can define it here right. Extract schema is nothing but a spark schema string. And that's going to be super simple. IP address string visit timestamp string visiting resource string and referring url string. So let me paste the schema here for saving time. IP address string visit timestamp string like that. We want to give this here and let's quickly look at the final result dot df this way and see what do we have in the result. How this JSON extract is transformed From earlier. This JSON extract was like a JSON string. Now JSON extract where this guy is JSON extract still looks like a string, right? But if you expand that, it shows like an object. What is the type? Data type. So, uh, JSON extract is a struct means it is a record, right? With four fields and first field is a string, second field is a string, third is a string, fourth is a string. What was it earlier before this from JSON extraction. Look at the JSON extract. It was one single string, right? So we managed to transform one single string into a child record. It is like a child record. The main record is. This. This is your main record value. First field. Second field prompt. Third field JSON extract. But JSON extract is a child record. It is an object which represents these things. So that's fine for now because we haven't learned how to work with the semi-structured data. So it might look, uh, difficult as of now, but that's fine. Later we will clarify that. But that transformation is done. What else do we want to do? Finally, what do we want? We want only those four fields. We don't want anything else. So what we can do after that? We want to put one more and do a select or maybe select expr write select expression and select what JSON. Extract dot star for fields from all four fields from the JSON extract. That's all. We don't want anything else. And once that is taken those four fields, maybe we want to apply one more with column transformation. To transform, visit timestamp to a proper timestamp data type. So visit timestamp and how to transform that. We want to use two timestamp two timestamp. And since I'm using two timestamp, make sure I'm importing two timestamp also right two timestamp which field to transform or which field to convert data. Type this guy right and you can wrap it around call to avoid wrapping it under EXR. And what is the format for the visit timestamp. So let's see what is the format. Let's take this as our example or a reference point to define the format input data type format is this for wise and then two digits for month, two digits for date space, then two digits for R, two digits for M, two digits for second and space, and then time zone. Right. That's all this will do a complete work for me. Oops okay I think I missed one parenthesis somewhere two timestamp. This is called and. This should be parameter two two timestamp. Let's try it now. Great. And I have the final result IP address visiting timestamp which is looking like a timestamp. Look at the data type. It is timestamp. Visit resource and referring URL and looks neat and clean. Result. So we learned how to use AI or LLM in Apache Spark to do data engineering or data transformation or data processing. And uh, that's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.