Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll give you an introduction to Delta Live Tables, or otherwise referred to as Delta. It's one of the most recent products from Databricks, and it's still evolving. In simple terms, it's a framework designed to simplify ETL development. But let's start with a comprehensive definition from Databricks themselves. Delta Live Tables is a declarative ETL framework for building reliable, maintainable, and testable data processing pipelines. You define the transformations to perform on your data, and Delta Live Tables manages task orchestration, cluster management, monitoring, data quality, and error handling. It handles both batch and streaming workloads with minimal manual intervention. That's the definition from Databricks. Let me explain some of the key concepts here in a bit more detail. Delta Live Tables is a declarative ETL framework rather than an imperative programming language. You can use SQL or Python to instruct what needs to be done, and DLT takes care of how to perform the ETL. You don't have to give the step by step instructions as we do in an imperative programming language. As you know, so far in this course, we've been defining task dependencies, cluster management, monitoring data quality, and error handling ourselves. When working with Delta live tables, DLT takes care of all of these aspects for you out of the box. Also, DLT abstracts away the differences between batch and streaming processes. You can simply write a single pipeline and switch between streaming and batch, with a simple configuration change in the DLT pipeline. To understand the problem solved by DLT better, let's do a quick recap of our learning so far on how data lake houses are built without using Delta live tables. And then we'll look at how DLT helps implementing them better. As we saw in the previous sections of the course, the modern Data Lake houses are built using the medallion architecture for organizing the data into multiple layers or zones. Please watch the lesson about medallion Architecture if you haven't already done that yet. But I just want to reiterate here that most solutions in the industry have at least three zones bronze, silver and gold, and they can even go up to 5 or 6 zones, depending on the complexity and your business requirements. Due to these levels of data separation, and also due to the relationship between various data sets, it's not uncommon to see lots of dependencies between notebooks being executed. You may remember this from some of the examples in the previous sections of the course. Let's now look at using Databricks to implement this architecture without using DLT and the shortcomings. And then I'll explain how DLT helps overcome those. Traditionally, we write the transformation processes using Apache Spark, and spark offers us the ability to write code in SQL, Python, Scala and R. We then have to write separate data quality checks to ensure that the data ingested is as expected and there are no duplicates or missing values, etc. as you can imagine, we need a solution to schedule the tasks to be executed. We can use the Databricks workflows or one of the third party solutions such as ADF pipelines or airflow, but we still have to manually identify the dependency between the various notebooks and develop the workflows accordingly, as these workflows don't have the intelligence to do that. If you are working with streaming workloads, we need to handle checkpointing and retries manually. Also, if you are receiving a change data feed, you need to write the really complex logic to handle data arriving out of sequence in the wrong order, etc. and also you will have to work out the right infrastructure required for the tasks at every stage and get them to work as efficiently as possible without compromising your service level agreements and budget requirements. Finally, even though Unity Catalog offers some data lineage capabilities, it's not easy to identify data quality issues and backtrack them to identify the source of the issues. You may have to write some custom code for that. All of this adds complexity to implementing efficient data pipelines, and takes away the valuable time of data engineers from writing programs that solve complex business problems. Delta Live Tables, or DLT, looks to simplify this in the DLT notebooks. Along with defining transformations, you can simply specify the data quality expectations to be applied to the data. It performs the data quality checks and tells you exactly how many records have failed and how many have passed. You can also decide what to do with the bad data. You can create a DLT pipeline and just add the notebooks. Those needs to be executed as part of the pipeline. You don't have to work out any dependencies between the tables or notebooks. DLT analyzes the notebooks to identify the dependencies and executes the code in the required order. DLT takes care of checkpointing and retries from failed executions, and you don't need to do anything manually. Also, DLT offers Apply Changes API using which you can process change data feeds, and it handles all the complex scenarios such as receiving data out of order. You don't have to write any additional code for that. Also, when configured to run on a serverless cluster, it identifies just the data to be updated to the materialized view rather than recreating it altogether. You don't need to write any custom code for this. DLT simplifies infrastructure management by automating many of the operational complexities associated with running ETL pipelines. It offers automated cluster management, scalability, fault tolerance, etc. also, in the DLT pipeline user interface, you can see the lineage of the tables created and the data quality expectation results and trace back any issues. I hope you now have a good understanding about Delta live tables, but you may ask whether we still need Databricks jobs or workflows when working with Delta live tables. The answer is yes. You'll often use both DLT and Databricks jobs, and let me explain why. DLT identifies the dependencies between the tasks and handles the task orchestration within just that pipeline. So DLT simply manages the data flow within the given ETL pipeline. On the other hand, Databricks Jobs is used to orchestrate the workflow, including the DLT pipeline as we saw in the previous section. DLT is a type of task within the Databricks jobs. Using Databricks jobs, you can schedule your DLT pipeline to run on a schedule at regular intervals, or to trigger a pipeline based on an event, for example, when a new file arrives. You can also use Databricks jobs to orchestrate other types of tasks. For example, you can schedule a BI or AML task to run on completion of the ETL pipeline written using Delta live tables. So in summary, Delta Live Table automates the complex task orchestration within an ETL pipeline, and you can use the Databricks Jobs to schedule or orchestrate that pipeline in a workflow. I hope you now have a good understanding about what Delta live tables are and the role of Databricks jobs as well. And that's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson, I'll take you through the Delta Live Table architecture. See you then.