Welcome back. Now that we understand the benefits of Delta live tables, let's take a quick look at the architecture of Delta and delve a bit deeper. Delta Live Tables is built on top of the familiar Apache Spark and Delta Lake, a spark being the Compute Engine, you can implement both streaming and batch workloads using Delta live tables. You can schedule the pipelines to execute in continuous mode or in trigger mode to run at periodic intervals, as it's built on top of Delta Lake. You get all the benefits that comes with Delta Lake such as asset transactions, schema evolution, time travel, better performance, etc. the user interface of Delta Live tables has two parts. The first one is Delta notebooks. You create the notebooks similar to any other notebook, but depending on the commands in the notebook, Databricks identifies them as Delta notebooks or standard spark notebooks. As of now, you can only write the DLT code using SQL or Python. Scala is not supported. Databricks recommends using SQL for most use cases because the Delta syntax in SQL is more user friendly. Having said that, Python offers more flexibility so it's more suitable for advanced workloads. DLT notebooks usually contain the transformation logic as well as the definition of the data quality expectations. Second, part of the DLT user interface is the pipelines. Pipelines basically brings all the notebooks together, and this is the place where you specify your infrastructure requirements. Also, DLT integrates with both hive Metastore and Unity catalog. Databricks recommends using Unity Catalog as it offers better security, data governance, lineage, etc. and also some of the recent performance improvements to DLT are only available when used with Unity catalog. In this course, we will work with Unity Catalog as that's the recommended approach by Databricks. Let's now take a look at what happens when you start a DLT pipeline. Starting a DLT pipeline doesn't immediately execute the notebooks. It first gathers all the information from the notebooks, and then it creates a directed acyclic graph, or Dag. If you're not familiar with DAGs, it's simply a representation of the flow of data through the pipeline. The tables are represented as nodes, and the dependencies are represented as edges in the form of connecting arrows. As you can see in this diagram, this is automatically created by DLT or Delta live tables. So it does all the hard work of identifying the dependencies. And we do not have to do anything other than listing the notebooks in the pipeline, which is great. It then provisions the cluster that's required to do the processing. The cluster provisioned will be based on the definition from the pipeline. It can either be serverless cluster or a job cluster. All purpose clusters are not supported by Delta live tables at the moment. Then the code will be executed during the execution. It gathers various metadata such as pipeline status and health of the pipeline, metadata from the data quality expectations such as number of failures, success, etc. and also data lineage. This is how DLT is able to provide all the benefits that we talked about before. I hope you now have a good understanding about the Delta Live Tables architecture. Please don't worry. If you are unsure about any of these. We will develop DLT pipelines and execute them to strengthen our understanding. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.