Welcome back. As we said in the last lesson, the DLT notebooks contain the data transformations and the data quality expectations. Let's now try to understand how to write code in these notebooks using Delta live tables. As we said before, DLT is a declarative ETL framework. So let's first understand what we mean by declarative programming. In a traditional imperative programming language such as C, Java, etc., we need to tell the compiler how to do a certain task. So we write the step by step instructions as shown here. This is a Python code in which we get in the list of users above the age of 18. So we first initialize the result variable with an empty list. We then go through the input list one occurrence at a time, and then check to see if the user's age is above 18. If it's true, we append the user to the result list. This is how an imperative program is written. On the other hand, declarative programs tell the Compute Engine what to do rather than how to do it. The system then decides how to do it based on the most efficient method possible. The equivalent declarative statement to get the users with the age greater than 18 is here. In this statement, we are not saying how to get the result. The query optimizer identifies the most efficient way to find the information requested and does the job as it wishes. This is the difference between imperative and declarative programming. As we said, DLT uses declarative programming. You may ask, what are the benefits of declarative programming? Firstly, we don't need to worry about things like checkpoints, fault tolerance, scheduling, dependencies, etc. the framework takes care of all of this. If you've written a programming logic for doing change, data capture, schema evolution, etc., you understand how complex that can be for these scenarios. In declarative programming, you just specify what you want, and the framework takes care of writing the complex logic behind the scenes. We're leaving the execution of the queries to the framework. The optimizer generally knows the best way to optimize the query better. By leaving this to the optimizer makes it easier as well as more efficient. Now that we understand what declarative programming is and its benefits, let's take a look at how to write a DLT program. As we discussed before, in a multi-hop architecture such as a medallion architecture, DLT notebooks help move the data through the different layers, and the quality of the data improves as we go from left to right. So in each layer, we have a data source to read the data from. As you know, when working with bronze layer, the source can be any of the message bus, cloud files, databases, etc.. When working with silver and gold layers, the source is generally the delta table or the external table produced by the bronze layer, and the DLT notebooks will read the data from the source and write to the target. And the target in these cases is Delta Lake. With the data published to hive, Metastore or Unity Catalog so that we can access that data via tables rather than files. Let's look into the notebook in a bit more detail. The DLT notebooks generally has the instructions required to read the data from the source. Transform the data as required. The data quality expectations to be applied and how to write the output data to the data lake or delta lake. The outputs here are called live data sets in DLT. Please note that these data sets can only be accessed from within the DLT pipeline. You cannot access these data sets via the Catalog Explorer or another notebook yet. In order for these data sets to be made available for consumption outside the DLT pipeline, we need to publish the data set to hive, Metastore or Unity Catalog. You can configure the DLT pipeline to do that for writing data to the Delta Lake. DLT offers two types of data sets, called streaming tables and materialized views, and each solves a different purpose. We can also create standard views to contain queries in them. We'll look at all of these three different types of data sets shortly. But before that, let me show you how easy it is to write one of these commands. I'm going to use SQL here, and we'll look at Python examples later when we come to do our project. We start with the keyword create or refresh, followed by the type and the name of the data set. Please note that the command here is create or refresh rather than create or replace. We then specify the data quality expectations. It's optional to have the data quality expectations here. This is followed by the as keyword. And then you select the list of columns and apply the transformations as required. It's then followed by the from keyword and the source from which the data has been read. This could be files, tables, etc. as you can see, it looks very similar to the CTAs statements in Ansi SQL, except for the command create or refresh instead of create or replace and the data quality expectations. Again Data quality expectations also take a similar syntax to SQL constraints. Let me now take you through the three types of live data sets that you can create in DLT at a high level. These are streaming tables, materialized views, and standard views. Streaming tables are delta tables to which data is written via streams. You can stream the data from message buses such as Event Hub, Kafka, etc. and also you can stream data from cloud files via autoloader and other delta tables. You stream the data to streaming tables, and DLT will keep the data in the tables up to date. As with other streaming solutions, DLT also offers exactly once guarantees. They are suitable for incremental data ingestions, low latency transformations, etc. streaming tables are very good for dealing with massive amount of data arriving via message buses such as Kafka, and you need to continuously process the data as it arrives. Streaming tables also allows you to perform DML operations such as insert, update, delete, etc. on the other hand, materialized views are created from the result of a query that has been pre-computed. Behind the scenes, the data for a materialized view has also been stored in a delta table. Generally, the use cases for materialized views are opposite to streaming tables. You can use them for data ingestion workloads with full refresh rather than incremental data. You must use them for building aggregate tables for reporting and analytics. They are really good at materializing the data required for BI reports, thus improving latency of the report refreshes. They can also be used for batch based data transformation workloads, but please note that materialized views don't support DML operations such as inserts, updates, deletes, etc. if you ever have a requirement to update the data in a materialized view, you should simply change the query to produce the result that you need. Finally, let's take a look at views. They are very similar to the standard SQL views, with one subtle difference. As you know, views don't materialize any data. The query defined in the view will be executed every time you access the view. You can define the view on both materialized tables and streaming tables, but the scope of the view is just limited to the pipeline. You can't access the view outside of the pipeline. Also, you cannot publish the view to a hive, Metastore or unity catalog. So once the pipeline ends, the view gets destroyed and you cannot access the data. In some ways they're very similar to temporary views. So when do we use them? You can use them to store intermediate results to reduce complexity in your programs. Also, you can define data quality constraints on a view to check the quality of the data. So that's the high level summary about the streaming tables, materialized views and the standard views. With this, I hope you now have a good understanding about how to write a program using Delta live tables and the different types of data sets available for you to work with. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.