So now let's talk about AWS SAM. So SAM is this little squirrel, but it's also the Serverless Application Model. It's an actual framework to develop and deploy serverless applications. So that means that you write your code and then you're going to use a configuration in the YAML format, which is going to be compliant with the SAM framework. And automatically, SAM is going to generate very complex CloudFormation files from simple SAM YAML files. It supports anything from CloudFormation. So you can still use outputs, mappings, parameter, resources, et cetera in your SAM YAML code. Now, SAM behind the scene can also use CodeDeploy to deploy Lambda functions, and SAM can help you run Lambda, API Gateway, and DynamoDB locally. So SAM really is intended to be focused on serverless applications and allow you to debug them locally and to deploy them very quickly using CloudFormation into the AWS cloud. So SAM is made of recipes, and at the very top of your template, you're going to add a transform header to indicate it's a SAM template. And this is a transform header which is going to tell CloudFormation to transform it into a CloudFormation template. Then you write your code, but instead of using the CloudFormation constructs, you're going to use the SAM constructs, such as a serverless function, which is a Lambda function, a serverless API, which is going to be the API gateway, and the serverless SimpleTable, which is going to be DynamoDB. But you have these constructs to make it simpler and easier for you to write your serverless applications. And then to package and deploy this application onto AWS, you're going to use the sam deploy command. And it used to be two commands. It used to be sam package and then sam deploy. But now you can just do sam deploy on its own, and it is going to package it for you as well. There's also a way to synchronize your changes into AWS Lambda very quickly using SAM Accelerate, and the command is sam sync and then minus minus watch. I'll give you a bit more information on this in this lecture. So let's have a look into SAM deployment. So you have your application code as well as your SAM template in the YAML format, and then you're going to build the application locally using sam build. It's going to transform into a CloudFormation template and your application code, and then you can deploy it using sam deploy. So you'll zip and upload everything into an S3 bucket, and then automatically execute or ChangeSet against CloudFormation. Then your CloudFormation stack can be made of different serverless components such as Lambda, API Gateway, and DynamoDB. So let's talk about SAM Accelerate. So SAM Accelerate is its set of features that is used to reduce the latency while deploying resources to AWS. So you want to deploy as fast as possible. And the command is going to be sam sync to declare your project, declare it with a SAM template into AWS. And it's actually going to bypass CloudFormation if you just do code changes without updating your infrastructure by using the service API. So it's going to be a very, very quick deployment. So you have SAM template and your application code, and your Lambda function already deployed and you're going to run sam sync. And automatically, as you change the application code, automatically SAM is going to synchronize its code with your Lambda function. Therefore, if you wanted to test your Lambda function in the cloud, it's going to be very easy and very quick. So different options, you can just run sam sync to synchronize the code and the infrastructure, or sam sync and just the code option to synchronize only the code and not the infrastructure. So you're not going to use CloudFormation, it's going to be like the updates will be done in seconds. Then you can specify a specific resource to say, hey, I only want to update my Lambda functions and their dependencies, or I want to update this specific Lambda function using the resource ID. Or you can use the watch option, which is going to monitor for file changes. So it's going to run in the background and automatically synchronize anything when changes are detected. So if you include configuration, use sam sync, or if it's just a code, then it's going to be using sam sync and then the code option. So I hope that makes sense. I hope this is a good overview of SAM. We'll do some hands-on to practice as well so it becomes clear for you how it works. So I hope you like this lecture and I will see you in the next lecture.