Okay, so we are going to use the SAM framework, and for this, we want to start a Cloud Shell by clicking here. It's going to start environment and prepare your terminal, and then I'm going to practice using the SAM CLI. So as you can see, if I do SAM minus minus version, the SAM CLI should be installed by default on Cloud Shell, which makes it super easy for us to get started. And then we do SAM init. So with Sam init, we can initialize our application directly using the Sam CLI. And so we can use either a Quick Start template or a custom template location. But because we're trying to do demos, we're going to do a Quick Start template by typing one. And then we have several options. So we have 16 options to choose from, such as, Hello World Example, data processing, serverless API, DynamoDB example, and so on. So lots of examples. Right now, we'll start simple and we'll do a Hello World Example. So one, and then do we want to use Python 313 and zip? Yes. Do you want to enable X-ray tracing? No, for now. Do you want to have CloudWatch insights? No. Do you want JSON log format? No. And then product name will just have it SAM app, enter, and then we're good to go. So now this SAM app has been generated, and we can verify this by doing CD SAM app to go into the directory of SAM app. And then I can do find.minus print. It's going to print all the files that are in my directory. So we have the Hello World directory, we have the test directory, we have the events directory, and then we have several files. So the files that are very important to look at, for example, is the Hello World app.py. So this file, right here, so I'm going to copy this, do cat, and then the file is going to show us the file content. So this file contains our application that is going to be in Python, and that is going to be sent into Lambda when the SAM app is deployed. So we have import JSOM, we a Lambda handler function, which is going to take an event, and then is going to return a "Hello world" as a reply. So very easy, very simple. Let's go back to our files. Another file that's important is the requirements file. This one defines the Python packages that are important. Here we have the request Python package that is important. Then we have other files are important, is the SAM config.2ml. So this one, oops, with a dot here. So this one is the configuration file for our SAM application in which define the version, the stack name, the build parameters, and so on. So important configurations if you want to use Sam, of course, at a higher level. And finally, we have the template.yamo. So this file is also important because it's a serverless application templates. So we can see here we have the transform AWS serverless thing that tells us that it's a special cloud transformation templates. It's meant for SAM, and in there, we define all the things we need for SAM. So we have, for example, the function timeout, and we have resources. Here, the type is a serverless function, and here we have the code URL, the handler, the runtime. So everything is a little bit easier and follows the documentation of the SAM framework. Okay, so now let's go ahead and deploy this function. So I'm going to use SAM Build to build our application. So here we get a Python error because well Python three of that specific version is not installed. So here we have Python 3.9.23. And so we're going to use Python 3.9, therefore in our function, which is a supportive version of Lambda right now, which is helpful, and hopefully they will update the Python version over time. So use whatever version you find in your SAM CLI. Okay, so let's go into our files and we want to update template.yamo. So I'll do nano template.yamo to update it. And in there, I scroll down. And here for the runtime, I will just use Python 3.9. And that should be the trick. So Ctrl X, and then Y, and then enter to save the file. Control X, Y enter. We can verify this by just cutting the file, and as you can see, now it says Python 3.9. And so we can try again our same build command. So we do same build. Now the build has succeeded, and we have build artifacts. So there is a directory now called AWS SAM app ls. Let's do it again, ls. And here we have... And of course my mistake, it's with a dot. So LS.AWS, SAM app, and so here we have a directory that has been created by the SAM framework in which we have the build and the cache, and the dependencies, and the two ML file, which tell how it was built. So in this directory named build, you can have a look. We'll find the Hello World function and our template.yamo file. And in the Hello World function, we'll find all our packages as well as our application code, which is app.py. So here we have done quite a couple of things. We have built our SAM application, and so now we can do a lot of things. We can validate the SAM template, but not needed. We can invoke our function locally, or we can just directly deploy in the cloud. So Sam has a local testing facility that you can use, but we're just gonna go straight into deploying this. So we'll do SAM deploy minus, minus guided, and this is going to deploy SAM to Lambda function. So here we go. So for the stack name, I will leave it as SAM app. The region, I'll leave it as default. Do we want to show the resources to be deployed and confirm that with a Y? Yes, I'm gonna say yes. Do we need permissions to create resources? Yes, please create a SAM CLI IAM role creation. Do we want to disable rollback? No, this is fine. We don't need to disable rollback. Has no authentication, is this okay? Yes, this is fine. Save arguments to configuration file. Yes, this way, we don't have to do this again. And this is the configuration file. So yes, the environment name is default, and now we're good to go. So now it's going to create the required resources and deploy our Lambda functions in the cloud. So we can have a look at it by going into CloudFormation, in here. And as you can see, right now, we are deploying a SAM CLI managed default stack, and this is going to actually create a few resources for SAM, such as an S3 bucket and an IAM role. So I'm just going to create a little bit, if I wait a little bit. And now, so this template has been done, so we're good, and now we have a new SAM set, which is our actual stack of our Lambda SAM application. So it says, I'm going to add all these things, such as a Lambda permission, an IAM role, a Lambda function, API gateway, and so on. So we'll say yes, please do. And now we're going to just get the updates of CloudFormation directly in this window, but you can also follow it if you wanted to in the UI directly of CloudFormation. So now let's wait for everything to be deployed. And now our function is deployed, so as we can see, we have a API gateway and a Hello World function has been deployed. So if you go to Lambda now, and refresh this, and I just filter for SAM, we have a Hello World function. So this function was the function that has been deployed from our code. So here's the app.py. This is the code that we had from before. So it has been fully deployed, and also, if we go into the API gateway for that specific templates, we can see that we have a SAM app API. Here's the GET resource, and so it's going to invoke our Lambda function, as you can see right here. So this is great. So we can test it. For example, here we have a production endpoint that we can test. So I'm just going to copy this value and go in my web browser, and execute it, and I get, as a reply, and wrote it out, message, "Hello world," which is super handy, and I can do it as well from Mass CLI here. So I do curl and then the URL and I get the message, "Hello world." So it's a very simple demo app, but as you can see, just using the SAM CLI, and by configuring a few files, we were able to deploy a full serverless application with a function and an API gateway, which is amazing, I would say. And of course, you would most likely have this code on your computers and then build your full app, using the SAM CLI and deploy it over time. So there's a lot more you can see for SAM, but this is our 101, I would say. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.