So I just wanna show you what it looks like when you also have a DynamoDB table. So we'll do sam init, and then we'll use quick start templates again and we'll use this time a serverless API, so number seven in this case. Then we'll use nodejs22. And then we don't want X-Ray, we don't want this, we don't want that. And then I'll call this one sam-app-dynamodb. Okay, so here what we have is a directory, because sam-app-dynamo, oh, I made a typo, but whatever, this is fine. And in it, again, if we look at the files, find. -print, we have the same structure as before, but now, we have some source there, like JavaScript sources. They're made for no JSON, so you don't need to remember those. What's important again, is the template that yaml file that I wanna show you. So if I do cat template.yaml, as you can see, this is a more full template, because this is a full serverless API, but let's have a look. Again, we have this transform serverless that's super important for SAM, and then in there we have resources. So we have several functions. We have the getAllItemsFunctions, which is a serverless function, and we have the source, the runtime, the memory, the policy, so super important here. It's a very simple policy made possible thanks to the SAM framework. So here we have a DynamoDB crude policy on a reference to the table name, and that's it, that's all we need to create an IAM policy with the SAM framework, which makes it super easy compared to raw CloudFormation, as well as the events it should reply to. So this should be a GET on the root path as an API. Again, super easy way to define an API. Then we have another serverless function, another handler, again, another policy, and another API path. Again, super easy to define it, thanks to this. We have a third function. This is for put this time. So, you see method is POST. And then, we have the sample table, which is a simple table, which behind the scenes, get converted into a DynamoDB table. We have the primary key and then provision throughput for read and write capacity unit as two. And that's it, that's all we need to do to deploy a full blown API into AWS with the SAM framework that is backed up by a DynamoDB table. So these examples are great, because they really allow you to see you, to show you the power of the SAM CLI. If you wanted to have fun, you can deploy it, but if you deploy it, make sure you delete it after by doing sam delete. But you can have fun and deploy it if you want to, no need to show you the step, you already know this. That's it, and then I can't run this thing locally on the Cloud Shell unfortunately, but SAM has local capability. But one thing I could show you is that you have events here, and in this event we have sample events. So I can copy one, and these events are sample events. And then we can do the sam local invoke command, but this won't work on Cloud Shell because I don't have the necessary things installed. I need Docker and so on to actually run these events and test it. So if you want to, in your own time, to play around with this capability, what you could do is that you could read the readme.md file, and in there you will find somewhere here, here, these two functions to invoke your application locally, so you can run it locally, and then you can invoke the put item function with this specific event. And then you can invoke the getAllItemsFunction with that specific events as well to test your function locally without even deploying it to AWS. You can even start a local API gateway directly on your computer using the sam local start-api, and then there you go, you have something on your computer. So this allows you to just iterate very quickly on your computer, and then when you're done, upload to AWS. So that's it for this lecture where I just wanna show you how to set up DynamoDB and how to run things locally. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.