So let's talk about SAM policy templates or serverless model policy templates because they can come up in the exam as well. So it's a list of templates that you can apply permissions to your Lambda functions. And so, they're very simple templates and they allow you to reason much easily about what your Lambda function can do based on these templates that regroup a set of permissions. There's a full list of all the SAM policy templates that are available at this link and there's a lot of them, but I wanna walk you through three important examples. Overall, it's pretty self explicit about what they do once you see them once. So for example, if we have S3ReadPolicy, this is a policy template that gives read only permissions to objects in S3. That makes sense, right? SQLPollerPolicy allows your Lambda function to poll an SQS queue. And DynamoDBCrud, C-R-U-D, Policy. C-R-U-D in this case means create read update delete. So that means that you are able, from your Lambda function, to do create, update, delete, and read operations to your DynamoDB table. Overall, it's pretty self explicit, but once you see how it's defined it makes a lot of sense. So for example, say we define a function. It's running Python 2.7 and we want to be able to read from SQS. In this case, instead of attaching an I-A-M role what we do is that we create a SQS. We call the policy SQSPollerPolicies in this little orange box right here and say okay we wanna be able to poll this queue name and automatically when the SAM policy template has been transformed by the SAM framework, it will become IAM policy attached to our Lambda function. The idea with the SAM policy templates is that it becomes much easier to write what your function should do and prevents you from worrying too much about how you should provide, er provision, your IAM roles. Okay, so that's it. All you should know for SAM policy templates. Make sure you just see once how they look like so on the right hand side and from the name of the policy template usually it's pretty obvious what they do. All right. Well, that's it. Thank you so much for watching. I will see you in the next lecture.