So here is something I promised you before. We are going to see how CodeDeploy is integrated with the SAM framework, and SAM will be using CodeDeploy to update our Lambda functions, and that will leverage the traffic shifting feature we've seen before using the aliases. We can also define pre and post-traffic hooks, Lambda functions to validate the deployments, and we can do an automated rollbacks with CloudWatch alarms. So in a diagram to remember to remind you, we had the Lambda alias that had v1 Lambda, and we're going to trigger a CodeDeploy deployment whether with a CICD or with a SAM framework, and then we want to update our alias into a v2. So CodeDeploy will be running some pre-traffic hook test using another Lambda function, and that's optional. Then it will do a traffic shifting with the alias, so according to your strategy, and then it will monitor a CloudWatch alarm, and that's also optional, to ensure everything goes well during the deployment, and then once the deployment is done and the traffic shifting is completely done, we can run a post-traffic hook Lambda function, this is again optional, to run some tests onto your alias, and if everything goes well, then your v1 function and your alias goes away and we're just ending up with the v2. So here is an example of the YAML file that you will have within SAM. So I want to just show you a couple of things. The first one is AutoPublishAlias. So this is helping SAM detect when new code is being deployed. In that case, a new Lambda function will be deployed as a new version with the latest code, and then automatically the alias will be updated to point to the updated version of the Lambda function, and in terms of how fast that happens, well, this is controlled by the DeploymentPreference, and so we have different types. We have the Canary type, the Linear type, and the AllAtOnce type, and they're basically CodeDeploy settings. So in this example, we have Canary10Percent10Minutes. Then we have alarms. What are the alarms that can trigger a rollback in your deployment? So it's a list of alarms we want to monitor just in case, for example, we have too many errors on the newer version, and hooks, which are Lambda functions that are going to be running pre-traffic shifting or post-traffic shifting, and they can be helpful to test your deployment and to run some customized code just in case you need to. So let's go ahead and practice this. So let's go ahead with SAM. We'll create a new application. So I've created a sam-codedeploy directory, and I'm going to go into this directory with my terminal. So I create a new terminal, and then I go into, so where are we? I'm going into the right directory. So I will go into the sam-codedeploy directory. Here I am. Then I'm going to initialize a new SAM application. So I will use Python 3.7, which is installed on my system. So I will use the quick start templates, name the project sam-app, and then in terms of the quick start, I want to use the Hello World Example. Press Enter, and here we go. We're done. Next, I go into the sam-app directory, and I'm going to run a sam build command, which is right here, to build my SAM application. So I will build it right now, and while we're at it, let's have a look at what this SAM app does. So there is a HelloWorldFunction, and there's our app.py, and it returns, let's see what it returns. It returns just a body saying "hello world." So this is a very simple application, and what I want to see more importantly is the SAM template.yaml. So if I scroll down on this SAM template, I can see it creates a Serverless::Function for me, and currently it outputs just this function as well, some ARN, and the name of the API that it uses, and so on. So this is great, but what I want to do is add a little bit of information around how to deploy this application with CodeDeploy. So to do so, I need to add a bit of YAML to this file, and so I can find this YAML into a codedeploy.yaml file that I've created which contains the necessary code for CodeDeploy to be integrated with my SAM framework. So I'm going to paste this, and you want to make sure that the AutoPublishAlias live is in line with your Events. So it is. So what this is going to do is say, "Okay, you're going to auto-publish an alias, and then you're going to do a Canary10Percent10Minutes deployment." So that means that every time we deploy into our alias, we're going to have two versions. One of them will have 10% of the traffic for 10 minutes, and if everything goes well after 10 minutes, it will switch to 100%, and this will be using CodeDeploy behind the scenes. So I'm going to rerun my sam build. So I'm going to go into my terminal and redo my sam build. So I'll do sam build, and then I will do something a bit better. I will just do a sam deploy --guided to deploy my function, and this will be even easier for me. So I'm going to do a sam deploy --guided, and this should make the steps even more simple. So here we go. It says samconfig not found, so I'll just say okay. The region I want to deploy to is eu-west-2. Do you want to show the changes before deploying? I'll say yes, I want to. Do you want to allow a SAM CLI IAM role credentials? Yes. Do you want to save these? Yes, and here we go. So it is creating the required resources, and it should prompt me to say yes or no before these resources are deployed. So I'm waiting a little bit here. So now my function is being deployed. The deployment is being initialized and a changeset is created in CloudFormation. So I'm just waiting for it to happen. So here, I can look at my changesets, and it shows everything that is going to be created, and I'm happy to, and there is a CodeDeployServiceRole that is going to be created for me as well. So this is exactly what I need, so I'll say yes, please go ahead and create all these things. Now I need to wait for the CloudFormation template to be fully created and I see all the changes streamed into my terminal. So my stack has been fully created. Now I can go into my management console, and I can go to Lambda and see if my Lambda function has been created. So if I go to Applications on the left-hand side, I can see my sam-app right now that has been created, and in here, we can look at Deployments, and right now, there has been a Lambda application that has been deployed with an alias. So let's have a look at this Lambda function. So for this, I'm gonna go into my Functions and try to find it. So it's called Hello World something. So I will try to find it a second ago. So if we look by last modified, here we go. We can find it. Here is my function, and so it's a SAM function, and if I go to Actions, I'm sorry, to Qualifiers, I can see I have a live alias which is at version 1. So this represents the latest version that has been deployed by Lambda function. So if I test this and I create a fake test event and create it and test it, now I can see that this has succeeded and just says "hello world." So this is my version 1 function on my alias live one, but now we want to use CodeDeploy. So let's go and edit our function. So we're going to hello_world, app.py, and I'll say "hello world v2." So this is an update of my function, and I'm going to repackage my function. So I will do sam build to build my function yet again, which will replace the application code, and then I can do sam deploy --guided, which should deploy my function. So I say yes, this is a stack name, this is a region. Yes, I want to see the changes before deploying, and yes again, and yes again. So everything is a yes. Now the deployment is initiating, and everything is being uploaded into CloudFormation. The changeset is yet again created, and I'll be able to see what will change before, and so as we can see here, there will be a modification of the alias. There will be a function being modified as well as a version being created. So everything looks good, and this should involve CodeDeploy, so I'll say yes, and now this is being applied into my CloudFormation, and so this is where the cool thing happened. I should be able to go into CodeDeploy and see the thing happening live. So if I look at this alias, refresh this page for my alias. Now I should be seeing at the very bottom that there is a version 1 and a version 2 with weight 90 and 10. So this was done by my SAM CLI, but more importantly, let's go to CodeDeploy and see if CodeDeploy is functioning. So we're still looking at Deployments, and there is a blue/green deployment happening for Lambda right now. I click on this deployment ID, and I can see that the pre-deployment validation has succeeded because there was none. Then we can look at the CodeDeploy traffic shift in progress, so 90% on the original and 10% on the replacement, which represents this 90 and 10 from my alias. So this is running the traffic shift, and this will take about 10 minutes to do because we have deployed a LambdaCanary10Percent10Minutes deployment configuration, and so at the end of this, it's going to do a post-deployment validation, and then the entire traffic should be 100% on my version 2. So let me pause here and wait a little bit. Okay, so now everything has completed. The traffic shifting was successful. The post-deployment validation did not exist, so it was successful, and if we scroll down, we can see a breakdown of all the events that happened, and so if I go back to my alias and now refresh this page, what I should be seeing is that the entire alias being outdated. It is, yes. It's just alias pointing to version number 2, and so as such, we've done a canary deployment of our Lambda function using CodeDeploy and the SAM framework. That's it. Hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.