Okay. So, let's do a short overview of CloudFront. So, CloudFront is a Content Delivery Network or CDN. And the idea is that by using CloudFront, you're going to get a better read performance, and the content is going to be cached at the edge of the world. So, they are 225 plus Points of Presence globally in AWS about 215 plus are Edge Locations and 13 are Regional Edge Caches. So, if we have a look at the map of the world, this is something you can get from the internet. The idea of CloudFront is that, for example, you have your content in an S3 Buckets in Australia but your users are trying to access that content globally. So, if you have a user, for example, in Canada, trying to access it, maybe there will be a Edge Location available next to that user and the Edge Location is going to cache that content, but first fetch it to the S3 bucket. That means that any other user in Canada will also get that content locally from the Edge Location and the Edge Location does not have to go to the S3 bucket every time to get the data. So, you have a lot of Edge Locations around the world. So, for example, a user in Russia, could get to an Edge Location near China, and then get access to the S3 bucket content as well. So, you content is going to be distributed and cached globally. So, using a CDN is very helpful because it can give you a layer of protection against a DDoS attack because content is cached all around the world and in case the requests are repeated, then your origin is not under attack. CloudFront has integration with shield for DDoS protection that has integration with WAF for firewalls and Route 53 for DNS names. You can expose an external HTTPS endpoint using CloudFront. So, you can encrypt connections between the clients and your CDN and then CloudFront can also access your origins using HTTPS. There's also support for the WebSocket protocol. So, the idea is that CloudFront should be compatible with many web applications. Now, what are the inner workings of CloudFront? Well, you have Edge Locations and Regional Edge Caches and the idea is that your origin can have, for example, an S3 Buckets, or an HTTP endpoint, for example, on-premise servers, a server and then you're gonna have two layers in CloudFront. You're gonna have the Regional Edge Cache and the Edge Locations. So, how does it work as a whole? Well, you have your users all around the world and say they want to fetch a logo from your website, so they will go and hit the URL. The users will get redirected to the Edge Location. The Edge Location does not have that logo. So, the Edge Location will ask the Regional Edged Cache if that logo exists in the cache and the Regional Edge Cache does not have it, therefore, it will go and forward the request to the origin. Now, the origin does have this logo, so the logo comes back. It gets sent back to the Regional Edge Cache, which puts the image into its cache. Then the Regional Edge Cache sends it back to the Edge Location, which will also cache it as well, and then the user will get back the logo. So, why this hierarchy? Well, because when a user from a similar geography as the first users will request the same logo, it will just query the Edge Location and the Edge Location already has that logo cached, so the logo comes back right away. Now, if some users a bit more further away are requesting it from a second Edge Location. Well, if that Edge Location is geographically close to the Regional Edge Cache, then the Edge Location will ask the same Regional Edge Cache before for the file, and the logo will be sent right away back by the Regional Edge Cache and then back to the user. So, the idea here is that you can see, the origin only gets one request, and we were able to serve multiple users and multiple Edge Locations. So, the Edge Locations allow you to serve content directly and quickly to the users, because they're really close to them and they will cache the most popular content whereas the Regional Edge Caches will serve content directly to the Edge Location. There are bigger caches, so they will cache less popular contents in case some maybe suddenly, it will become more popular. And yes, because of the cache is larger, then the objects remain longer into this cache. It's used to improve performance and again, gives you a second level of reduction of load on your origin. Now, in case you have dynamic content that is premium requested by users, it goes directly into your origins, it does not pass through the Edge Cache. Now, for the components of CloudFronts, we have three. We have the distribution, which is identified by domain name and then, you can use this distribution name to access the websites, okay? You can also, if you wanted to apply a Route 53 CNAME for the non-root URLs in your domain name or an Alias for root and non-root URLs, which will point to the distribution's origin domain name. So, there's a strong integration between Route 53 and a CloudFront here. And in terms of origin, we'll see this in the next lecture, but this is where the content actually resides, this could be an S3 Bucket, and Application Load Balancer, an HTTP Server, API Gateway, et cetera, et cetera. And then you define a Cache Behavior, which is, to define a cache configuration. So, when do you want objects to expire? What's the time to live? In which case, you won't have invalidations, and so on. So, that's it for an overview of CloudFront. In the next lecture, we'll have a detailed look at Origins.