So what are the origins of CloudFront? Well, we have an S3 bucket, and this is used for distributing files from S3 to the web or back from the web to S3 to upload them using CloudFront as an ingress, and the security is maintained and guaranteed through the use of the CloudFront Origin Access Controller OAC feature. You can also use CloudFront as a media store container and media package endpoint. This is used to deliver video on demand, VOD or live streaming videos using AWS media services. You also have VPC Origin for application hosted in VPC private subnets, and this is to distribute content hosted through an application balancer, a network balancer, or directly on EC2 instances, but all of that in private networks. You can also use a custom origin, which is HTTP based. So this is for anything that's public, so you could use it on top of an API gateway if you wanted more control otherwise, you can use straight from API Gateway, the API gateway Edge feature, or you can use it for example, on an S3 bucket that's configured as a website. First, you need to enable static website hosting, or finally any HTTP backend you want that is public hosted in or outside of AWS. Now, let's have a look at the CloudFront as an origin for S3. In this case, we have a S3 bucket that lives within our cloud, and that's going to be our origin, and we're going to set up CloudFront. So the idea is that CloudFront will have multiple edge locations around the world, for example, in Los Angeles, Sao Paolo, Mumbai, and Melbourne, and we're going to set up CloudFront in a specific way that is going to be compatible with our S3 buckets. We're going to use an origin access control, so OAC, and we'll combine this with an S3 bucket policy, and this will guarantee that the only request that go into the S3 buckets are originating from CloudFront, effectively making CloudFront the only way to access publicly the content of your S3 buckets. Now, whenever the users request data from one of these edge locations, they will go and ask it if their data exists. If it doesn't exist, then the edge location will first fetch the regional Edge cache location, and then the cache location will ask the origin for the data, which I've represented as a simple line. I just omitted the Regional Edge cache in this diagram, but it goes directly from the origin into the Edge Location using the private network of AWS. So this is the case for all the Edge locations around the world, effectively making an easy way to distribute an S3 bucket that is original endpoint into a globally available website. So if you want to use the VPC origin functionality, you can actually get content directly from your private subnets into CloudFront using what's called a private origin. So that means that you can deliver traffic to private applicational balancers, network cloud balancers and EC2 instances. So CloudFront will connect through something called the VPC origin that we must set up, and then we have optimal security and an optimal setup for this. So this is to me the best way of doing things, but you may want to know how to do it also using public IPs and public ARBs and as origins. So this is what I'm gonna show you is just the old way of doing things, but good to know from an exam perspective, because the exam might be tricky. You can also use CloudFront origins with application balancers or EC2 instances, for example, as origin or even on-premises web server. So the idea is that your EC2 instance must be publicly accessible. Why? Well, because the edge locations are going to be accessing publicly your HTTP endpoints, and so your EC2 instance will have a security group and the user will go into the Edge Locations, the Edge Location will not have the content cached at first, and so the Edge Locations will ask the origin, in this case, our EC2 instance to get the contents. In which case, well, you must allow the public IP of the Edge locations into the security group of your EC2 instances, otherwise things will not work. And how do you find the CloudFront IPs? Well, you just use this URL, which gives you all the list of IPs that can be coming into your EC2 instances, and therefore, you have a secure security group. Alternatively, if you want to use, for example, an application balancer, then again, it must be public because the Edge locations will access the data, the website publicly, but your EC2 instances in the backend can still remain private because they are only accessed by the ALB. So once this is it, then the users will go into the edge locations, again using all public IPs, and then the applications will request the data from your application balancer. Therefore, you must allow from the security group perspective of your ALB, the public IP of the edge locations, okay? CloudFront can also have multiple origins based on the content type. So the idea is that you can define different paths. For example, if the users go to /images/*, then go to an S3 bucket as an origin or for /ap/*, then go to a custom HTTP backend or /* for a default route. The idea is that CloudFront will have different cache behaviors for different routes, and these routes are going to go to different origins. So in this example, I'm saying that anything that starts with /api/* is going to an HTTP origin, which is an application balancer, and anything that says /* overall will go into an S3 bucket. That means that the default route, if it doesn't match the /api route, will go into an S3 buckets. You can also group origins together, and this is to increase high availability and do failover. So with an origin group, you have one primary and one secondary origin, and the idea is that if the primary origin fails for whatever reason, maybe it's unavailable, maybe it just doesn't respond correctly and so on, then this second origin is going to be used. So this gives you a backup. So for example, I have an origin group of two EC2 instances in this example, platform will send a request, but then it will respond with an error status code, in which case, CloudFront will say, okay, I'm going to try the same request on your second origin, maybe it will work better. And maybe the second origin will say, yes, here is the response you're expecting with the okay status code. You can also apply this with S3 buckets. So this could be giving you a good multi-region setup for CloudFront and Amazon S3. So for example, we're going to get CloudFront asking a primary origin as S3 buckets, and then the second origin as a second S3 bucket. But you're going to be smart and you're going to set up a replication between the S3 buckets, meaning that the origin B, which is in another region will have the exact same content as origin A. Therefore, in case the first origin, for example, one region is down, then CloudFront will fail over back to the origin B in another region of the same S3 bucket content and will still get the data available. So it's a really good way to do a region level high availability for S3 and CloudFront. So that's it for Origins. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.