Something else you're likely to need to do in the exam is choose between different types of vector stores for a given sets of requirements in your generative AI applications, and we've built up quite a menu of places to store our contextual information. Now this is kind of a big wall of text. I'm not going to go through it and read it all to you. You know, you can hit pause and take a look at it or take a look at it in the slides. But I'll kind of call out some of the highlights here of what the pros and cons are for different vector stores and when you might want to use them. Something that kind of surprised me a little bit is how much Kendra comes up. Now, Kendra is not technically a vector store. It's not something where you're actually going to be storing actual vector embeddings and actually integrating that into a bedrock knowledge base, but it can play the same role. So you could have, for example, a lambda function that calls Kendra to do document search across your enterprise documents and then bake that into your prompt as additional grounding information as you send that actually into the LLM. Right. So the thing with Kendra, I'm going to skip to that one first. If you need document level access control list enforcement, or if you need to integrate with SharePoint or confluence, you might want to be using Kendra for that. Okay. So again, it's not really a vector store per se, but it can serve a very similar role in retrieving contextual information that you're using to ground your prompts in. And it has strong enterprise security, and you don't really have to think about it too much though. So a lot of times you'll see questions that are like, what's the lowest operations burden? Right? Kendra. Serverless. Really easy to use, very low operational burden on that. So consider Kendra. Also consider S3 vectors. This is a newer addition to the list here. The newest of this particular menu. Here. Again the ops burden on that is very low. So if somebody wants you to create a low maintenance vector store S3 vectors is a candidate. But remember the downside is that it can be slow. So it has potentially very high latency. If that's okay. Then S3 vectors can be both very simple and also very, very cheap. Okay. So you can see there's only a single dollar sign there. S3 vectors are dirt cheap. The trade off though is latency. That's the main one there. We talked about OpenSearch a lot. That's kind of the default go to version, serverless being the go to version for knowledge bases. And you know it is low ops burden because it is serverless. However, you know, it's um, it's going to give you less control. So if you do need to have more control over the actual tuning of the performance or if you need consistent capacity or provisioned capacity, serverless won't cut it. But if you do need to deal with spiky and variable query traffic and you need low operations, that's a good choice. If you do want that additional control and additional control over scaling and having provisioned capacity, you might want the managed version of OpenSearch instead. Then we also have Neptune Analytics. Um, it's basically used for when you have relationships, when you have those graph relationships, like with the social network or supply chain relationships or some other examples there. So if you're dealing with networks, you know, graph relationships, Neptune Analytics is probably going to be part of the answer there. And finally we have Aurora as an example as well. If you do have a relational database already in Aurora, you can use the pkg vector extension to turn that into a vector store as well. Now that is going to be a medium operational burden. Um, and it has some scalability concerns of course, but for many applications that might be a choice too. Let's kind of break it down a little bit more explicitly. So if you have a question that's mentioning a requirement for SharePoint integration, confluence integration, uh, really strong ACLs. Kendra is definitely something you want to be thinking about as a potential part of that solution. If you have graph relationships, you know, social networks, fraud rings, dependency graphs of some sort, Neptune Analytics with its vector store capability is definitely something to think about. If you have data that's already on Postgres, or if you need a big joins or fancy SQL operations, and you also need vector search on top of that, aurora with the pkg vector extension might be the answer. And if you have a huge amount of data and you want to keep it cheap and you don't really care too much about latency, as three vectors might be the answer there. And finally, if you want a full search capabilities and lots of tuning control, the managed version of OpenSearch is your friend. If you have unpredictable traffic and you don't want to deal with a lot of operations, OpenSearch serverless is probably the default solution for most applications. Finally, putting it one more way if your cost is your main constraint, if it says you want to do this cheap, what is the most inexpensive way of doing this? S3 vectors might be the answer if you're mostly concerned about permissions and ACLs and SharePoint integration. Kendra is your friend. Relationship data Neptune is your friend. If you need sequel, Aurora with PG vector might be your friend. And if you care about search primarily OpenSearch, either managed or serverless might be the droid that you're looking for. As we say. A little bit more depth on choosing between OpenSearch managed versus OpenSearch serverless. There are various dimensions you might want to consider there as well. If you care about the billing dimension of things, make sure that you understand that serverless is going to be billed per request, in addition to the storage that you're using under the hood. Open search. You can do provisioned capacity and have that capacity always on and being billed at a steady rate as well. If you need more tuning, if you need full control and want to be twiddling with shards and whatnot, use managed. If you don't care, use serverless. If you want to think about all that for you. If you want predictable latency, this is an important one. OpenSearch managed is going to be a way of doing that through provisioned capacity. With serverless, your latency could be variable, so that might be an important requirement for you. Scaling is automatic. Of course with serverless that's what serverless means. If you do want control over that though, OpenSearch manage is the way to do that, and it does have automatic ways of scaling up and down as well that we talked about earlier. Finally, if you have a question that talks about unpredictable traffic, serverless might be the way to go. If you have a requirement for fine grained control over OpenSearch, the managed version might be the one you want.