Let's quickly talk about orchestration and when to use step functions. Something that surprised me, frankly, when I was preparing for this exam is how much step functions come up. I never really thought of that in the terms of AI applications before. And the reason is because a lot of these modern agentic AI frameworks do orchestration for you. That's what they do, like strands agents or the open AI agents SDK or anthropic has an SDK as well. Bedrock flows within the AWS ecosystem is another way of doing orchestration as well. Step functions is kind of an older service, right? So I don't know if this is going to keep coming up in the exam forever as the preferred way of doing orchestration in AI applications. But here we are for now. However, there are some cases where step functions has some advantages that make it the right choice. So if you do need auditable state transitions in your AI application, by the way, this is an example over here on the right. Um, again there's a link here from the slides if you want to go and explore that in more depth. This is an example of a clinical application using generative AI. And diving into that is definitely worthwhile. So follow that link if you so desire or search for it. But yeah, if you do need to have audits on those state transitions and in a clinical application, you definitely need to have auditability. There's a lot of regulations to deal with. Maybe step functions is your choice just for that reason alone. It has sort of a better record of what went on. Also, if you need retry capabilities and failure isolation step functions has that baked in for you. And maybe some other frameworks don't really make that a primary concern. If you have explicit approval steps that need to happen. If you need to go off and seek human approval for something. Step functions might be an easier way of doing that. So a lot of these AI frameworks are kind of tied to the AI stuff. You know, talking to your LMS, talking to bedrock step functions can do other stuff, right. So it's more general if you need to go off and call some other service or some other approval step that goes off on some other system. Step functions might be a good fit for orchestrating that larger system, right? So just keep in mind step functions can do stuff that some of these other frameworks can't. Still state transitions that are auditable retry mechanisms, failure, isolation, and maybe branching off to approval steps that need to be done outside of the system. And finally, remember that step functions are serverless. But just a serverless requirement alone should not be enough for you to choose step functions. Bedrock serverless too, right? So a lot of this stuff is really step functions comes into place when well, either if there's no other choice for orchestration or if you have these other requirements here, one or more of them step functions can fit those as well.