-: Okay, in this video, we're going to go over the lab on commands and arguments. So let's start. So the first question is, how many pods exist on the system? So let's check the number of pods. And there's just one pod. The second question is, "What is the command used to run the pod?" Now, Ubuntu sleeper. So we're going to look at the pod in detail, and we'll see under the containers we have the Ubuntu container. And here we have the command, which is sleep 4,800. And, I do not see any arguments. So that's the command. So it's sleep 4,800. That's the command that's run by this pod. So this one right here. Okay, so the next one is to create a pod with the Ubuntu image to run a container to sleep for 5,000 seconds. Modify the file, Ubuntu sleeper two. So there's already a file given called Ubuntu sleeper two. It says simple part definition file. We have containers, the name and image, and we want to set it to run and sleep for 5,000 seconds. So let's modify this file, and set a command, and it has to be to sleep for now, 5,000 seconds. Right? 5,000. Now, remember that when you specify command, the command is always an array. So it has to be in an array format like this. So that's the first thing. So this is, that's one way of specifying an array. The other way is to just have it like this, this form of an array. So sleep, and then 5,000. So something like this. Right. So these are two forms. You may follow any of them. And this one right here, this is still not in the correct form because if you look at this, this is an array of a single item. So this array only has one item and that's called sleep 5,000. It's a single kind of item in the array. Whereas here, it's two separate. Now, one of the thing to remember is when you're specifying a command, a command always have to have the command as the first item. And that's basically, if you look at this, sleep is the command and 5,000 is the argument. So, this has to be, sleep has to be a separate string, separate item in the array like this. And the argument, you could specify the argument either in the same command as another item or you could provide it as an argument. So that's, those are two other options. So let's get rid of this. Let's go with this. So this is one approach. The other is to specify arguments as args, and provide the argument here, and get rid of it here. This is more readable and straightforward. So this way, we know that the command is sleep and the argument is 5,000. But even if you give the argument here as a second array, it's ultimately going to combine them both for running. So that works too. So, that's that. So let's go ahead and create that file. Let's make sure. Odd Ubuntu sleep two. Okay. And here we see that is in the running stage and you have the command and argument as 5,000. So let's give it a shot. Okay, so that works. And as I said, it could also be just the command as two elements in the array with sleep 5,000 like this. Okay, let's proceed. The next task is to create a pod using the file named Ubuntusleeper3.yaml. There's another file. Okay, and there's something wrong with it. So try and fix it. So taking a quick look, I don't see anything wrong with it. So you have the image, you have the name, you have the command and the argument which is also given as a command, which is actually okay. So let's try and create this pod. And we see that it's come back as a bad request, and it says, "Cannot unmarshal number into construct field container, inspect containers, command of type string." So all the elements in the command must be a string. You cannot have a number. So this exercise was just to kind of make sure you know that you don't accidentally put in a number instead of a string. So let's create that. Okay? That should be good. Okay, so the next question is to update the pod Ubuntu sleeper 3 to sleep for 2,000 seconds. So we have, let's try and queue cuttle edit pod and it's going to sleeper three. And let's see what happens if we just try to edit it, right? So we're going to just change the command to 2,000 seconds. Let's try and save that. If you see this, it did not go through. And it says that this is forbidden. So pod updates may not change the fields other than these. So image and active deadline second. So there are some properties that you can change and there are some that you can't change. So this here right here is a property that you cannot just directly edit. So what we'll have to do, so let's go out of it. It's already created a file here with our edits. So we can look at that. It has a lot of other information which can be ignored, but you can see that it has the edit. So we could just do a queue cuttle replace place and force and provide that file name. So this is one approach that you can use. And what it's going to do is it's going to delete the pod then recreate the new pod based on the edit, edited one. So this is one of the approach you can use in the exam if you have to edit something that's not actually editable directly, or you could edit the pod itself the pod definition that you have locally, and update that. And that's also, that's the best practice. It's taking a while for the pod to be terminated and as is mentioned before and that's completely okay, that's an expected behavior. So when we try to delete the pod a kill signal is sent to the process that's running in the container inside the pod. And it depends on the process and how much time it takes to handle the kill signal and fully terminate the process. So that's, that delay is expected. Okay, so it's now updated. Let's check the work. Okay, so the next question is to inspect the Dockerfile under root bitmap color Dockerfile and what command is run at the container startup. So if we were to create an image from this Dockerfile and run it what would be the command that's run at startup? So we know that entry point is where is the command that's gonna be run. So it's gonna be Python abdo py, that's the command that would be run at startup. So that's pretty straightforward. Now let's look at Dockerfile two. And now you have entry point and the command admin. Now we know that this in, in Docker, you have both of these. And in this case what command is run at the container startup. So you have Python and abdo py, we know that that's the entry point, and these are gonna be going in as arguments for the entry points. So it's gonna be Python abdo py followed by color red, so Python abdo py and followed by color red. Okay? The next one is to inspect the two files under directory web app color two. So there's a directory called web app color two and there are two files. First one is a Dockerfile and this is a similar file which has an entry point and the CMD parameter. And then we also have a web and we also have a Kubernetes manifest file for pod. And which uses this Dockerfile, the image created from this Dockerfile. So that's what it says here. It says image was created from the Dockerfile. So first we create an image from this and then we use that image here. And when we do that here we are overriding the command with color green. So what would be the end result? So as we learned from the lecture the command always overrides the entry point. And if we had arguments then that would override this command here. So in this case, the command overrides the entry point. So if that's gonna be color green that's the command I would start with. So it's not going to be any of this it's actually going to be this. It's not even going to run the abdo py. Okay? And the next question is to explore the files under another directory. So let's go to web app color three. There are two files there. So we have web app color three followed by your profile two so that's a similar Dockerfile. And then there's a pod definition file as well. So again, it's the same kind of question. You have an entry point and the command here. Then you have command and arguments here. So as we know, this is- both of these are gonna override both of these. So is the ultimate command that's gonna be run is Python abdo py, followed by the color pink. So Pytho abdo py followed by the color pink. Okay? So the final question is to create a pod with the given specifications. These, by default, it displays a blue background and said the given command line arguments to change it to green. Okay? So when we run this command, so let's first start with the command to create a pod. So we we're gonna do a queue cuttle run and then followed by the pod name, which is web app green and then followed by the image which is the code cloud about color image. And then we have the command line arguments that we need to pass, which are color green. Now, what it says is by default, it runs, it actually runs, it displays a blue background but we want, and that's the behavior of this particular image. We want it to run in the green color. And that's, that can be done by passing in this additional argument. So all we need to do is kind of create this and then pass in an additional argument. And one way to do that is we can create a manifest file. So we could do a dry run equals client and then output this to a yaml format. Sorry, clicked that wrong, okay? And then we can go in and add the args section here. So that's one way to do it, but something like this we should be able to do it in a much easier, more straightforward way. So let me explain how that is. So for example, in general if I had this application locally, I would run python abdo py or if there's an executable called web app. So I would actually run web app, something like this and then if changing the color is an option then it would be as easy as just specifying the color to be green, right? So the same way, running this application on Kubernetes has to be as easy as that. So basically all you should be able to do is queue cuttle a run and then whatever is the name of whatever that it is, the name of that application. So web app followed by, you know, the image name and stuff. And also it should be as easy to customize it by just passing in the color and color like this. So once this application is containerized and a docker image is built out of it it should be as easy as something like this, right? So there's, there is an option for that. If you look at the help of the queue cuttle run command you'll see that out of all of these options there's a section here where you can pass in additional arguments, right? So here it says I run the end to next pod, but use custom arguments. So here you have the name, the image but then you have this double dash and then you have all the arguments, right? So, so there are arguments, if you look at this command there are arguments that are specific for the queue cuttle utility. So you have image which is specifically for the queue cuttle utility and there may be many other arguments such as all of these dry run labels. All of these are for the queue cuttle utility, but then the application that runs inside internet or the simple web app that we are running that also has options that are very similar to this. So in order to differentiate between options for queue cuttle and the options for the application that's running within the container, and to specify those, all of those on the same command line, you have this double dash option. So this basically separates the options for the queue cuttle utility and the options that are going to go through to the Internex application running inside, right? So anything that's before this are specifically options for the queue cuttle utility. And anything that goes in after this which may also look very much like these they are going to be passed through to the Internex application that's running inside, right? So that's the reason why you have this double dash. So if you just use the double dash and then passing anything, all of these are gonna be options for the application running inside. And then if you want to override the command itself not just the arguments, but the command itself then you could use the dash dash command option. And again, remember that before, but if you do that then you can also provide a command and a set of arguments after it, right? So that's why you have this double dash. So let's try and use that approach for this, right? So let's do a queue cuttle run followed by web app green and the image is this. Okay? And now we wanna pass in the arguments and the arguments are just color green. So we're going to put the double dash in. And now anything I specify now is gonna be an option that won't be considered by queue cuttle but it will be considered by this process running inside. So I'm gonna say color and I'm gonna say green, right? So these are gonna be passed through. And if I want to, let's say, so this is gonna be basically generate the command called Python, then abdo py followed by color and green. But if I want to update Python abdo py itself then I could pass in this command option and then pass in the command here like Python let's say App two dot py or something like that, okay? In this case we don't, we're not going to do that. So I'm going to remove that and just pass this through. Okay? So let's create it, let's check it out. If you look at this, you have parks color green and the command is already built into the web app as the entry point, right? So we're not going to touch that here. We we have just passed through the green color, okay? Let's check our work, right? So that's about it. I hope that was informational and I'll see you in the next one.