In this lecture we will discuss how to work with configuration data in Kubernetes. In the previous lecture we saw how to define environment variables in a Pod definition file. When you have a lot of Pod definition files, it will become difficult to manage the environment data stored within the various files. We can take this information out of the Pod definition file and manage it centrally using configuration maps. Config maps are used to pass configuration data in the form of key value pairs in Kubernetes. When a pod is created, inject the configmap into the pod so the key value pairs are available as environment variables for the application hosted inside the container in the pod. There are two phases involved in configuring Configmaps. First, create the config map and second, inject them into the pod just like any other Kubernetes object. There are two ways of creating a config map. App. The imperative way without using a config map definition file and the declarative way by using a config map definition file. If you do not wish to create a config map definition file, you could simply use the cube control, create Configmap command and specify the required arguments. Let's take a look at that first. With this method, you can directly specify the key value pairs in the command line to create a config map of the given values. Run the cube control. Create config map command. The command is followed by the config name and the option from literal. The from literal option is used to specify the key value pairs in the command itself. In this example, we are creating a config map by the name appconfig with a key value pair of app color equals blue. If you wish to add additional key value pairs, simply specify the from literal options multiple times. However, this will get complicated when you have too many configuration items. Another way to input configuration data is through a file. Use the from file option to specify a path to the file that contains the required data. The data from this file is read and stored under the name of the file. Let us now look at the declarative approach. For this, we create a definition file just like how we did for the pod. The file has an API version kind metadata instead of spec. Here we have data. The API version is v1. The kind is configmap. Under metadata we specify a name for the Configmap. We will call it Appconfig. Under data and the configuration data in a key value format, run the kube control create command and specify the configuration file name. So that creates the Appconfig Configmap map with the values we specify. You can create as many config maps as you need in the same way for various different purposes. Here I have one of my application, other for MySQL and another one for Reddis. So it is important to name the config maps appropriately, as you will be using these names later while associating it with pods. To view config maps, run the kube control get config maps command. This lists the newly created config map named appconfig. The describe config maps command lists the configuration data as well under the data section. Now that we have the config map created, let us proceed with step two. Configuring it with a pod. Here I have a simple pod definition file that runs my simple web application to inject an environment variable. Add a new property to the container called env from the env from property is a list so we can pass as many environment variables as required. Each item in the list corresponds to a config map item. Specify the name of the config map we created earlier. This is how we inject a specific config map from the ones we created before creating the pod definition file. Now creates a web application with a blue background. What we just saw was using config maps to inject environment variables. There are other ways to inject configuration data into pods. You can inject it as a single environment variable, or you can inject the whole data as files in a volume. We will look at some of these options in the coding exercises that accompany this lecture. So head over to the coding exercises section and practice viewing, configuring and troubleshooting environment variables on a live Kubernetes environment.