Instructor: Okay, so let's go through the lab for secrets. So the first question is, how many secrets exist on the system in the default namespace? So we're going to do kubectl get secrets and there's just one. So the answer is one. How many secrets are defined in the default token secret? So we're going to do a kubectl describe secret and we see additional details. And under the data section we have multiple details. So we have the c assert, that's one. And then you have the namespace and then you have the token. And this entire text here is the encoded token. So we have three, that's the answer for that. Now, what is the type of the default token secret? So the type, as you can see it is a Kubernetes service account token. So that's the type. And which of the following is not a secret data defined in the default token? So we know that the data is ca dot cert, namespace and token. So that's namespace, c assert, and token type is not data. So that's the answer to that. Okay, So we're going to deploy an application with the below architecture. And we have already deployed the required pods and services. Check out the pods and services created and check out the web application using the web app MySQL link about. So let's first check out the deployment. There are no deployments. Let's check pods. So there are two pods. So you have a web app pod and a My SQL pod. So you have the MySQL pod, and this is the web app pod. And then there are two services. So let's check services. And this we know is a default Kubernetes service but you also have the web app service which happens to be this and SQL zero one service, which happens to be this. So those are the services. And then secret. So there's a default token secret, but that's not the secret that's used here. So the secret is required for the web application to connect to the My SQL database. So let's check the application status. And here we can see that it's in a failed state. It says failed connecting to the MySQL database. The database host is not set, the DB is not set and the password is not set. So that's the error. Let's proceed. So the reason the application is failed is because we have not created the secret object yet. So let's create a new secret named DB secret with the data given below. So let's create a secret. So kubectl create secret, and let's quickly check the help. So when you create a secret you have to specify the type of secret. So we're not going to create a docker registry or TLS we're just going to create a generic secret. So let's check the help for that. And here we see the syntax is to create a secret is to specify secret generic and then the name of the secret followed by the data from a file. Or it could be from multiple files or it could just be from later on just from the command line. So we're gonna use this approach cuz we have the information right here. So let's do that. Secret generics, don't forget generic. The name of the secret is DB secret. Then we have from literal DB post equals SQL zero one. Then from literal, again, DB user equals root. I remember that these are case sensitive. And then from literal again and DB password equals password one two three. That's verified if it's created. Describe DB secret, describe secret, then DB secret. We see that's created with the data DB host, DB user and DB password. Okay, so that's a success. Next is to configure a web app pod to load environment variables from the newly created secret. So let's check the pod out first. So we have the web app pod and currently there are no secrets. So let's edit the pod to add the secret. But if we don't know how to do that let's first review the Kubernetes documentation pages and look at secrets. And let's go to the first one. Okay, so we are at the page for secrets. And here as you can read you must not create secret as we created just now to store database credentials or passwords. That's because the secret data is stored in CD as is without any encryption. So anyone who has access to the APIs server... or the CD database can read or even modify the secret, right? So must enable the encryption at rest or look into enabling roll back based access controls. And so let's go ahead and configure the secret, find information on configuring the secret for the pod. So you can see that here. So here you have using a secret and then you also have using secrets as environment variables. So there are multiple options here. And here's one that we could use, which is the ENV from what we did for the config map. So we could use the ENV from and then specify a secret key reference. That way all the data stored in the secret is gonna be passed through as environment variable. So let's copy that. And this is going to go into the container section. We can have this anywhere. Space that, and the key name should be DB secret. Okay, let's save the file. And so they're gonna allow us to edit it. That's fine. I'm gonna quit and let's do a kubectl replace and specify the file. And we will just wait for the file, for the pod to be deleted and recreated. Okay, so that's done. And let's verify the pod. We see that the environment variables are read from the DB secret. Okay, let's check this out. Okay, that's configured correctly and let's go back and review the web application. And we see that it's now a success. It's able to read the environment variables as we passed through, right? And yeah, of course remember we should not, you know read passwords and display like this. But this is just a sample application to prove how secrets can be passed through as an environment variables. And this kind of helps us debug if something is not passed through right. Okay, so that's the end of this lab.