-: Okay, so in this video, we're going to look into encrypting secret data at rest. So if you go to the Kubernetes documentation pages, and under task you have administrative cluster, and encrypting secret data at rest, and you have these following documents. I'm going to follow this, but also kind of try and explain what we are trying to do. So, the first thing, first thing first, I'm going to start up a Kubernetes playground. So, this is a single node cluster. All right, so, this basically uses, it's built with the (inaudible) tool and has container D. I'm just going to maximize this, and we'll just work on the terminal. All right, so first things first. I'm going to first create a secret object. So I'm going to do a (inaudible) (computer keyboard clicks) create secret, and I want a generic secret, so I'll do that. And I'll probably create a secret from literals. I'm just going to copy this command. Okay. So I'm going to call it "Key One" and super secret. So that's my secret object. So my secret object is created. So if I now do a get secret, I get to see my secret object. And if I do a describe (computer keyboard clicks) secret, I get to see that its the, the secret name and the data. If I want to see a little bit more. I'll do a (indistinct muttering) and I'm gonna do a get secret. Okay, and I get to see the data here. Now, if you look here, so this is key one, and this is kind of the encoded format of the secret. So remember that, you know, anyone could take this and decode it and easily view the actual secret, right? So if I do, let me see if I have it base64. Yep, I do. (computer keyboard clicks) So, going to get that again. So I'm going to do a echo. Copy and paste this. Let's pass it through base64 and do a cheat code. And I get to see the, the secret. Okay? So, so that's the first thing to know that the secrets objects stored in the secret configuration as you see it here, is just base64 encoded. So if you just do a base64 D code, you're gonna see this. So remember not to create your secret definition files and you know, push it to GitHub, or something, because anyone could just pick this up, and run this command and see the secret, right? So that's the first step. But I wanna make it clear that, this, the scope of this video is not really relevant to this encoding here. We are going to focus on the data that's stored within the ETCD server. Okay? So this, after we are done, this part is still going to be, still going to remain the same. So we're not really focusing on this part right here. What we are focusing on, is how the data is stored in the at ETCD server. So, that's the focus. So, let's first look at how this data is stored in the ETCD server. Okay, so for that, if you go to the bottom of this, there is this command. It uses the ETCD API version three. It runs the ETCD (inaudible) command passing the CS certificates for authentication, and we're gonna get this particular secret. So, the way that it's stored in ETCD is, is stored in registry, and secrets and default, and this is the secret name. So, let me first see if we have the ETCD (inaudible) command line. So we don't have that. So the first step, is to get that installed. So I'm just gonna do a apt get install, I think it's ETCD client. Yep. So if you do not have the ETCD on, so so remember that the ETCD server is running in a pod. So you can either search into the exec, into the pod and then runs ETCD cuddle command from within that. Or if you're, you wanna run it locally from your control plane node you could use the ETCD cuddle client. Now, if the client command line utility is not available you have different options to install it on different systems. So let me see. Okay, so I have it installed on my machine using the ETCD, the, the package ETCD client. So look up for whatever it is that your the version of ETCD that you're running. Okay, So that's there. So now we've got it ETCD Cuddle utility. So that's, remember that's the client only the server is still running on as a pod. So if I do a get pods dash cube system I have the ETCD control plane here, right? Okay. So the next step is to run this. So first, remember that you need the, the certificate file. So let's see if we have that. Yep, we do. So under the under ETCD you have all the certificates files needed for its for connecting or authenticating to the ETCD server. So that's good. So I'm gonna copy this command. Remember to set the version ETCD Cuddle API version to 3 And the name of the secret is secret one. See what I created? It's secrets. So it's named my secret. So I'm gonna replace that with my secret. I'm gonna do a, my secret. Now if I just run this command, you can see that it kind of gives me a kind of a jumbled information but you can kind of see the secret there as is, right? You can see the secret there in a text format. To see it in this format you just need to append the hex term to it because sometimes you may not be able to see it in the right format. So this is the data that's stored in ETCD and if you look closely, you'll see that the the secret that I have, the password or whatever it is that I've stored, is actually visible like this. So the data is stored in ETCD in a, an unencrypted format. So anyone with access to ETCD will be able to just go through and get all the secret secrets and other confidential information stored as as a secret object. So that's, that's the problem here. So this is the problem that we are trying to solve by enabling encryption at rest in ETCD. Now, if you go through this document first thing that I would say is first we need to determine if encryption address is already enabled or not. So this is done with a property called encryption provider config. So if I go to my Cuba API server, so let's say my cube a server is running as a process here and let me just grab for cube API server and I get to see the S server process running with all the options. Let's, let's first see if it has the encryption, provider config options. So that's the first thing that we'll do. This is to check if encryption rest is already enabled. And as you can see, it does not return a result. So that means this option is not configured. You can, we can also kind of verify this because this is a cube ADM setup. It uses the, our manifest KC Kubernetes manifest. Yeah, it is Kubernetes manifest. And here you have the cube a server. So if configuration, so if you look at this particular file do a cat, we'll be able to see all the options provided. And here you don't see the encryption option that we have talked about here. So this means that encryption at rest is not not enabled. So that's the first step, and we've already verified that by creating the secret subject. Okay? So the next step is to create a configuration file and then pass it in as this particular option. So that's it. So that's basically the steps required to enable encryption right? You create a configuration file and you pass it in as an option. So let's look at the configuration file. So this is what it is. So you have the API version, you have the kind this encryption configuration, and then you have resources. Now you can pick and choose which resources you want to encrypt, right? So you have pods and deployments and secrets and services. You want to store all of them as encrypted you might not because not everything is confidential, right? So you need not necessarily encrypt and save all the data about pods and, and, and deployments. Here our concern is just secrets. So under resources, you specify the targets. So this is secrets that means only the secret objects are going to be encrypted. Now you can encrypt something using a set of providers, right? So the default one is called identity. Now the identity provider just means that there's no encryption at all. So you can see the list of providers here, and it says the identity provider says there's no encryption Resources are rich without any encryption. So, and then you have other providers which are these and those are listed here. So you have the secret box you have the AEs, gcm, the AEs, cbc, so CBCs. So all of these are encryption algorithms different encryption algorithms. And you can see the details about how they're how they encrypt here. So you can choose whichever one you want and provide a key. So this key has a secret. You can provide multiple keys, keys and secrets. And this secret is what will be used to use for the encryption by the encryption algorithm, right? Now one thing to note here is the order. So this, as you can see providers is a list. So these, this is the first item in the list second item in the list, third item and the list and fourth item in the list. So this order matters because when when the encryption happens it first it uses this to encrypt and then it could use any of these to de decrypt, right? So always encryption happens with this. So if identity provider, which is a pro which has no encryption is the first one then there's no encryption enabled at all. So that's how it, that's how it works. So if this is the first one that means this is what is going to be used for encryption. And since it's identity it's not going to encrypt anything at all. So if we, if you really want to encrypt the data in cd then one of these should be at the top, okay? So that's, that's then, that's the whatever is the first one is what's going to be used for encryption. So let's just do this real quick. So we're gonna create a very simpler version of this file, which is which is this and this, as you can see, we have specified that all the secrets are gonna be encrypted. And we're gonna use the AEs, CBC encryption provider. And you, as you can see, identities at the bottom. So the first one is AEs cbc. So this is what is going to be used for encryption. Now this requires a secret object. So we could generate a 32 by random key using this, using this. I'm just gonna copy this, I'm gonna get that key first. So this, that's what our key is going to be. Then I'm gonna copy this and create encryption object file. So I'll call it BNC dot aml, and I'm gonna paste this, okay should have copied the secret value first. I'm gonna copy this and I'm gonna go here and replace the secret object here. Okay. Okay, so that's that. So now I have the encryption configuration file. It's currently in my home directory. Now all I need to do is go and edit this file. So that's the next step shown here. So in the cube, a server, I'm gonna add this line to point to the encryption file that I just created. Then of course we need to since the file is created locally I have to mount it inside. So I'm gonna use volumes and volume ones. If you have not gone through the volumes and volume ones yet that you might want to take a look at that and come back. But this is pretty straightforward. So here you have the directory, the local directory and that's on my, on my mission on my control panel node here. And this directory is gonna be mapped to this path within the pod. And then, so anything that's available here is gonna be available here. That's it, right? So first I'm gonna create this local directory so they can put my file there. Okay, I'm gonna move my encryption file from here to the local directory. Make sure, Yeah, so I have the file there now. So now I'm gonna edit the QA API server manifest file and then make these changes. Okay? So that's the next step. So I'm gonna go into it is manifest and QA API server. And the first thing that I'm gonna do, I'm going to add this line. So this is what tells where the encryption configuration file is. So that's the first step. And then I'm gonna go down. So I have two things. I have volume mounts. So this is inside my volume, inside the pod where it's gonna be mounted. So I'm gonna copy this. So the directory, the local directory is gonna be mounted into this path. So that's the first step. Then below under mounts, I'm going to specify the location of my local directory. Okay? So this is how it works on my local host the ETSC Kubernetes ENC directory is going to be mapped to THEC Kubernetes Inc. Directory inside the pod. And then, so since my ENC dot ammo file is available locally, that file is gonna be available inside. And that's it. Okay, let me see if that, So now that I've saved it made changes to this file, that Q A P S server should be restarting. So let's just give it a few seconds. Let's see. Okay, so this is now, it's now gone. So I'm gonna wait for it to come back Waiting. And if you wanna see the status of the Q A PS server, since we are using container D so you could use a cry cuddle command. So you could do the cry cuddle parts to sees come up. Okay, so it looks like it's ready three seconds ago. I'm just gonna do, Yep, so it's back. Okay, so now let's do a PSA X and GR hub Yes, server. And let's see if it has just to confirm if it has the encryption. Yeah, so it looks like it has the encryption provider configured. Okay, so that's, that's good. Now what we're going to do is going to create another secrets file. So we're going to create a secret object. So we're going to create (inaudible) create secret, and Eric, okay? And we are going to pick this and this time we'll just create the second one which is key two. So you have key two, and it's called the values top secret. Create that, My secret already exists I'm gonna say my secret two maybe. Yep. Okay, so I now have two. This is the first one I created. This is the second one I just created after encryption was enabled. So I'm gonna go and run the same command as I did previously to check the status of of that within scd. So run this, and the name is my secret too. And Okay. And as you can see, I can no longer see the top seeker. So the value was top secret and I don't I no longer see that here. That means encryption is enabled, okay? And if I do the same for the old one, I'll I still see the super secret. Now this is because after encryption is enabled only things that you create newly will be will be encrypted. Everything that existed previously won't be re-encrypt. But if you update an existing configuration then that will be re re-encrypt. So one of the thing that you have here is to ensure all secrets are encrypted. So to, and what this is doing is basically you're getting getting the secrets and then just re replacing them with the same JS on file. So essentially you're just updating the objects with the same data. So I'm just gonna do that. So that's done. And if I run the same command again I see that no longer sees the super, super secret. All right? So that's basically encrypting secret data at rest using one of these encryption algorithms. Right? Thank you very much and I'll see you in the next one.