Teacher: In this video, I'm gonna walk you through the solutions for the resource limits lab. The first question, a pod called Rabbit is deployed, and we need to identify the CPU requirements set on the pod. To get this information, we'll do a kubectl describe pod and then well grab the name of the pod, which is Rabbit. And if we scroll up we should see a resource section. So, here we can see that the CPU requirements is that it needs to have a CPU of one. Ill select one. For the next question, we just need to delete the pod called Rabbit. And to do that we'll just do kubectl, delete pod Rabbit. After that's deleted we can just check this. After that's verified we'll go to the next question. And for the next question, it looks like another pod called Elephant has been deployed in the default name space. And for some reason or another it fails to get into a running state. And we need to figure out why it is not in a currently running state. So, I'm gonna do a kubectl, describe pod Elephant. And if we scroll up, we can see that in the last state it set to terminated and we can see that the reason was because it was oomkilled, so out of memory. So I'm gonna select oomkilled. And the next question is just telling us that the status of oomkilled indicates that it is failing because the pod ran out of memory. And we need to identify the memory limits set on the pod. And from the same output we, if you go to the limits section for memory, we can see it's set to 10 mebibytes. The next question tells us that the Elephant pod runs a process that consumes 15 mebibytes of memory. And it tells us to increase the limit of the Elephant pod to 28 mebibytes. So we have to delete the current pod and the recreate it with the new configuration. So first of all, lets do a kubectl get pod and I'm gonna do dash O and then get the yaml configuration and I'm gonna pipe this to a file and I'll call this Elephant.yaml. Then, we'll delete the current pod. So I'll do a kubectl delete pod Elephant. And then I'll go into my Elephant.yaml file. And we need to increase the memory limit up to 20 mebibytes. Right now it's set to 10. We'll then save the configuration and now I can just do a kubectl apply dash F and then grab the Elephant.yaml file. After that's deployed we will then run the validation and everything was successful. We'll go to the next question. Inspect that status of the pod, make sure it's a running state. So if I do a kubectl get pod, we should see that it is a currently in a running state. And then I will hit, okay. And the last question is telling us to delete the Elephant pod. So I'll do a kubectl delete, pod Elephant. And once that's complete we'll run the validation. And that's successful well then go to the next section. And that's going to wrap up the resource limits lab.