Instructor: Hello and welcome to this lecture. In this lecture, we will talk about service accounts in Kubernetes. The concept of service accounts is linked to other security-related concepts in Kubernetes, such as authentication, authorization, role-based access controls, et cetera. However, as part of the Kubernetes for the application developers exam curriculum, you only need to know how to work with service accounts. We have detailed sections covering the other concepts and security in the Kubernetes administrators course. So there are two types of accounts in Kubernetes, a user account and a service account. As you might already know, the user account is used by humans, and service accounts are used by machines. A user account could be for an administrator accessing the cluster to perform administrative tasks, or a developer accessing the cluster to deploy applications, et cetera. A service account could be an account used by an application to interact with the Kubernetes cluster. For example, a monitoring application like Prometheus uses a service account to pull the Kubernetes API for performance metrics. An automated build tool like Jenkins uses service accounts to deploy applications on the Kubernetes cluster. Let's take an example. I've built a simple Kubernetes dashboard application named My Kubernetes Dashboard. It's a simple application built in Python and all that it does when deployed is retrieve the list of pods on a Kubernetes cluster by sending a request to the Kubernetes API and display it on a webpage. In order for my application to query the Kubernetes API, it has to be authenticated. For that, we use a service account. To create a service account, run the command kubectl create serviceaccount, followed by the account name, which is dashboard-sa in this case. To view the service accounts, run the kubectl get serviceaccount command. This will list all the service accounts. When the service account is created, it also creates a token automatically. The service account token is what must be used by the external application while authenticating to the Kubernetes API. The token, however, is stored as a secret object. In this case, it's named dashboard-sa-token-kbbdm. So when a service account is created, it first creates the service account object, and then generates a token for the service account. It then creates a secret object and stores that token inside the secret object. The secret object is then linked to the service account. To view the token, view the secret object by running the command kubectl describe secret. This token can then be used as an authentication bearer token while making a REST call to the Kubernetes API. For example, in this simple example using cURL, you could provide the bearer token as an authorization header while making a REST call to the Kubernetes API. In case of my custom dashboard application, copy and paste the token into the tokens field to authenticate the dashboard application. So that's how you create a new service account and use it. You can create a service account, assign the write permissions using role-based access control mechanisms, and export your service account tokens, and use it to configure your third-party application to authenticate to the Kubernetes API. But what if your third-party application is hosted on the Kubernetes cluster itself? For example, we can have our custom Kubernetes dashboard application, or the Prometheus application deployed on the Kubernetes cluster itself. In that case, this whole process of exporting the service account token and configuring the third-party application to use it can be made simple by automatically mounting the service token secret as a volume inside the pod hosting the third-party application. That way, the token to access the Kubernetes API is already placed inside the pod and can be easily read by the application. You don't have to provide it manually. If you go back and look at the list of service accounts, you will see that there is a default service account that exists already. For every namespace in Kubernetes, a service account named default is automatically created. Each namespace has its own default service account. Whenever a pod is created, the default service account and its token are automatically mounted to that pod as a volume mount. For example, we have a simple pod definition file that creates a pod using my custom Kubernetes dashboard image. We haven't specified any secrets or volume mounts in the definition file. However, when the pod is created, if you look at the details of the pod, by running the kubectl describe pod command, you see that a volume is automatically created from the secret named default token, which is in fact the secret containing the token for this default service account. The secret token is mounted at location var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount inside the pod. So from inside the pod, if you run the ls command to list the contents of the directory, you will see the secret mounted as three separate files. The one with the actual token is the file named token. If you view contents of that file, you will see the token to be used for accessing the Kubernetes API Now remember that the default service account is very much restricted. It only has permission to run basic Kubernetes API queries. If you'd like to use a different service account such as the one we just created, modify the pod definition file to include a service account field and specify the name of the new service account. Remember, you cannot edit the service account of an existing pod. You must delete and recreate the pod. However, in case of a deployment, you will be able to edit the service account as any changes to the pod definition file will automatically trigger a new rollout for the deployment. So the deployment will take care of deleting and recreating new pods with the right service account. When you look at the pod details now, you see that the new service account is being used. So remember, Kubernetes automatically mounts the default service account if you haven't explicitly specified any. You may choose not to mount a service account automatically by setting the automountServiceAccountToken field to false in the pod spec section. Let's now discuss some of the changes that were made in releases version 1.22 and 1.24 of Kubernetes that changed the way service accounts secrets and tokens worked. Now, as we discussed in the previous video, every namespace has a default service account, and that service account has a secret object with a token associated with it. When a pod is created, it automatically associates the service account to the pod and mounts the token to a well-known location within the pod. In this case, it's under var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount. This makes the token accessible to a process that's running within the pod, and that enables that process to query the Kubernetes API. Now, if you list the contents of the directory inside the pod, you will see the secret mounted as three separate files. The one with the actual token is the file named token. So if you list the contents of that file, you'll see the token to be used for accessing the Kubernetes API. So all of that remains same. This is exactly what we discussed in the previous video. Now let's take that token that we just saw, and if you decode this token using this command, or you could just copy and paste this token in the JWT website at jwt.io, you'll see that it has no expiry date defined in the payload section here on the right. So this is a token that does not have an expiry date set. So this excerpt from the Kubernetes Enhancement Proposal for creating bound service account tokens describes this form of JWT to be having some security and scalability related issues. So the current implementation of JWT is not bound to any audience and is not time bound as we just saw. There was no expiry date for the token. So the JWT is valid as long as the service account exists. Moreover, each JWT requires a separate secret object per service account, which results in scalability issues. And as such, in version 1.22, the TokenRequestAPI was introduced as part of the Kubernetes Enhancement Proposal 1205 that aimed to introduce a mechanism for provisioning Kubernetes service account tokens that are more secure and scalable via an API. So tokens generated by the token request API are audience bound, they're time bound and object bound, and hence are more secure. Now, since version 1.22, when a new pod is created, it no longer relies on the service account secret token that we just saw. Instead, a token with a defined lifetime is generated through the TokenRequestAPI by the service account admission controller when the pod is created. And this token is then mount as a projected volume onto the pod. So in the past, if you look at this space here, you'd see the secret that's part of the service account mount as a secret object. But now as you can see, it's a projected volume that actually communicates with the token controller API, TokenRequestAPI, and it gets a token for the pod. Now with version 1.24, another enhancement was made as part of the Kubernetes Enhancement Proposal 2799, which dealt with the reduction of secret-based service account tokens. So in the past, when a service account was created, it automatically created a secret with a token that has no expiry and is not bound to any audience. This was then automatically mount as a volume to any pod that uses that service account. And that's what we just saw. But in version 1.22, that was changed. The automatic mounting of the secret object to the pod was changed, and instead it then moved to the TokenRequestAPI. So with version 1.24, a change was made where when you create a service account, it no longer automatically creates a secret or a token access secret. So you must run the command kubectl create token, followed by the name of the service account to generate a token for that service account if you needed one. And it will then print that token on screen. Now, if you copy that token, and then if you try to decode this token, this time, you'll see that it has an expiry date defined. And if you haven't specified any time limit, then it's usually one hour from the time that you run the command. You can also pass in additional options to the command to increase the expiry of the token. So now post version 1.24, if you would still like to create secrets the old way with non-expiring token, then you could still do that by creating a secret object with the type set to kubernetes.io/service-account-token and the name of the service account specified within annotations in the metadata section like this. So this is how the secret object will be associated with that particular service account. So when you do this, just make sure that you have the service account created first and then create a secret object. Otherwise, the secret object will not be created. So this will create a non-expiring token in a secret object and associated with that service account. Now, you have to be sure if you really wanna do that because as per the Kubernetes documentation pages on service account token secrets, it says you should only create service account token secrets if you can't use the TokenRequestAPI to obtain a token. So that's either the kubectl create token command we just talked about, or it talks to the TokenRequestAPI to generate that token, or it's the automated token creation that happens on pods when they're created post version 1.22. And also, you should only create service account token request if the security exposure of persisting and non-expiring token credential is acceptable to you. Now, the TokenRequestAPI is recommended instead of using the service account token secret objects as they are more secure and have a bounded lifetime unlike the service account token secrets that have no expiry. Well, that's all for now. To read more about these changes, refer to the Kubernetes Enhancement Proposals that are listed here, as well as the documentation pages on service accounts and secrets. All right, thank you very much.