-: Okay, so let's go over the lab for practicing taints and tolerations. So let's start with the first question, how many nodes exist on the system, including the control plane? So let's look at the number of nodes. and we see that there are two nodes, control plane and node 01, so the answer is two. Okay, so the next question is, do any taints exist on node 01 node? So for that we're gonna have to take a closer look at node 01. So we do a kubectl describe node, node 01, and we see taints right here and we see that there are none, so there are no taints on this particular node. So I'm gonna select no going to clear my screen. Okay, so the next question is to create a taint on node 01, with key of spray value of morteen, and effect of node schedule. So we're gonna continue with the, the silly example that we used in the lecture of the spray and morteen and mosquito and bee. So here the task is to create a taint. So we're gonna do kubectl taint and let's quickly look at the help. So the command is kubectl of taint, and then nodes, then the name of the node, and then followed by these values, which are, the key has to be spray, and then the value is morteen, and then the effect is no schedule. So let's do that. So it's kubectl taint, node, and it's node 01, and then the key is spray, and the value is morteen, and the effect is no schedule. Okay, let's confirm that. So we have the spray equals morteen, and the no schedule effect, right. So that's done. So we now have a taint on node 01. Now the goal is to create a new pod with the nginx image and the pod name as mosquito, right? So we're gonna do a kubectl run and then that's a pod name, and image equals nginx. Let's do get pods, and we see that it's created. Ignore the status for now. Okay, so what is the state of the pod? So it seems to be in a pending state, so select pending. Now why do you think the pod is in a pending state? Is it because image is not available? Is there an error? So let's see, let's do a describe pod, and the pod name. And here you'll see the reason why it's in a pending state. it says that the pod didn't tolerate one node that had taint and spray morteen that the pod didn't tolerate. So basically the pod mosquito cannot tolerate the taint morteen, that's a problem here. So we're gonna select that. Okay, so now we have to create another pod named bee, with the nginx image, which has a toleration set to the taint morteen. So we're gonna do kubectl run command to create a pod. The name is going to be bee, and the image is going to be nginx. And basically, now we have to add toleration to it, but you cannot specify toleration in the command lane. So what we're gonna do is we're going do a dry run, equals client to generate a yamo file for this pod. So that's the yamo file and we're gonna redirect that to bee.yamo. So we have this in bee.yamo, we're going to edit bee.yamo file and we're going to add in tolerations. So add a section called tolerations. Now if you're not sure of the format check out the Kubernetes documentation pages and search for chains tolerations, and that's the first result. And so these are, this is the command for taint, and this is the format for tolerations. So dash key operator value and effect, so that's key, so key is going to be spray, operator value and effect. So the value is going to be in effect that's going to be schedule, finally we have operator set be equal. Operator set to equal, you save that, and let's create image. Okay, so it's now in a container creating state. Let's watch the creation process and we can see that it's now in a running state. So this pod is now running. Okay, so that's correct. Now notice the bee pod was scheduled on node 01, so let's see where it was scheduled. And we see the bee pod is on node 01. So basically now this bee was able to tolerate the taint set on node 01. Now do you see any taints on control plane node? So let's look at the control plane node, and let's look at taints, and we see that yes, there is a taint set on the control plane node and it's set to no schedule, that's the effect. So yes, it's set, it's set to no schedule. Okay, now remove the taint on control plane, which currently has the taint effect of no schedule. So we've got to remove that. So first let's get that. So this is the taint, so let's copy that, and the command to remove is the same, kubectl taint, and we just, that's by the node, that's control plane node, specify the taint that we want to remove, and at the end you've got to put a dash or a minus for it to remove that taint. So it says it's untainted, so let's confirm that. Go back to taints, I see, that nothing is set. Let's click on check. Okay, so that's done. And now we've got to check the status of the pods again. And we see that the pod mosquito, which earlier was in a pending state, is now in a running state. So that's the state of the pod mosquito. And then we have to, let's check on what node it is placed so as you can see it's now placed on the control plane node. So earlier in the beginning the control plane node has a taint set on it, and then we set a taint on node 01 and then we created the mosquito pod. And so it was not placed on any of the nodes because both of them had a taint then. Then we created the bee pod with the toleration on node 01, so the bee pod was able to be placed on node 01, and then we removed the taint on control plane. And without doing anything the pod mosquito was automatically placed on control plane because it no longer has any kind of taint on it. So it's, the answer to this is control plane. Okay, so that's the end of this lab.