-: Okay, in this video we will go over the practice test for node affinity. So the first question is to identify the labels on node zero one. So to count the number of labels on node zero one. So let's do kubectl, describe node, node zero one and let's look at the labels. So we have one, two, three, four, five, five labels. So we're gonna select five. And then the next question is, what is the value set to the label at beta.kubernetes.io/arch? So on node zero one, so we are already on node zero one and it is AMD 64. That's this one. Okay, so the next question is to apply a label called color equals blue to node, node zero one. So for that we're going to use the kubectl label command. So let's take a look at the help. And here we have some examples. So you have kubectl label, the pods or node what, whatever, what is the object that we wanna apply the label to? And then the node name, and then just the label. So it's pretty straightforward. So we're gonna do kubectl, label, node, node zero one and then color equals blue. Let's verify that it's set correctly. We're gonna go back the labels and we see the color equals blue. Okay, now the next one is to create a new deployment named blue with the nginx image and three replicas. So let's create the deployment, the name is blue, image is nginx and replicas is three. Okay, so the next one is, which nodes can the pods for the blue deployment be placed on? So we, we've gotta check the taints on both the nodes. So let's do that. Let's check the taints on each one. So we're gonna do a kubectl describe node. Let's check node zero one. And let's just check for taints. So there are no taints on node zero one and the other node, which I believe is the control plane node. Let's check that too. So, so there are no taints on either of these nodes, but for now the pods can be scheduled on either of the nodes because there are no taints on any of these nodes. Okay, so in this question, the task is to set node affinity to the deployment to place the pod on node zero one only. So we're going to edit the deployment. So let's kubectl edit deployment blue. So we are here and what we need to do is on the pod specification. Now we've got to set the node affinity for these, right? So we, we have to use the required during scheduling, ignore during execution, then use the color and the values to blue. So for this, let's go to the Kubernetes documentation page and search for node affinity. And let's get this. And here, let's look for the affinity spec. So we're going to copy this and paste it here. So here, basically this one is an example for a pod. And so all of these are kind of aligned a bit more to the left. But here, this is under the pod which is under the template section of deployment. So we have to move it all a little bit to the right. So for this, what I'm gonna do here is, the first one is okay, first line is okay but all these remaining lines we need to move it one step inside. So press capital V and then select all the lines. Then I'm gonna do a greater than symbol. So that's shift dot on the keyboard that I'm using. So it moves everything to the, to the right. So it's not, not very pretty but I think that will do the job for now. And I'm just going to set the key to color and the value to blue. So there are ways that we can set the vim settings so that this always gets indented with spaces as opposed to multiple spaces at a time that you can see here. So we're gonna save that and let's give this a shot. Okay, so that's done. Now the question is to find out which nodes the pods are placed on. So let's run a kubectl get pods dash o wide. Okay now it shows us all the pods are on node zero one. So they're all on node zero one. So the next task is to create a new deployment named red with the nginx image and two replicas and ensure it gets placed on the control plane node only. And the recommendation is to use the label node coordinators dot io slash master which is already set on the control plane node. So if you look at the control plane node we see that there is this label, right? It doesn't have a value set, right? So all we need to do is to set a node affinity rule that says the pods that are part of the deployment red should be placed on a node that has this label set. And the label does not have a value. But if this label exists then that's where it should be placed on. So let's try and do that. So we'll use the kubectl create deployment command and then the name is red, image is nginx and replicas equals two. But we're not gonna create it. So we're gonna do a dry run because we need to get the yaml file to input the new definition rules. So we're gonna do a dry run equals find and then dash o yaml. So that's gonna give us the yaml output. Then we're going to put it to a file named red dot yaml. Now we're going to edit that file. And within the spec section, we're gonna do the same as we did before. So we're gonna copy this new definition rule and paste it. Now we've got to select all of these lines. We're gonna do a shift dot on my keyboard which is gonna, that's basically the greater than symbol and it's gonna move it to the right. Now we're gonna change this so the key is the label, which is this. We're gonna copy and paste. And as we realized that this label does not have value, so there's no point in checking the value here. So we're gonna get rid of this and all we are gonna do is say if the label exists, so the operator would be exists with a capital E. Save that. And now we're going to create a deployment. There seems to be some error. So let's go back, see what the error is. It's on line 26. Did not find expected key. So line 26 is this. Okay, actually it's this line here. So this is not currently indented, that's the problem. We're going to move it two characters before. Okay so we're going to save that. Let's try that again. Okay, so even though here it said line 26 the issue was a few lines above. Okay so let's check our solution. All right, so that works. And if we look at pods now, we'll see that those the new pods are on node control plane. Okay, that's the end of this lab.