[Instructor] - Now let's talk about solution architecture on AWS. At a very high level, because there are so many combinations, but it all looks a little bit similar if you look at it from a high level. So we have our users, and they need to get access to our application, so the first thing they do is talk to a DNS. And the DNS layer is usually going to be your route 53. Then they have two possible routes from there. They have to find some static content and some dynamic content. Usually the static content is going to be spread all around the world, it's going to be cached by having a CDN layer, a content delivery network, and usually that is going to be CloudFront. And CloudFront is going to source this data, usually in a static form from S3 or Glacier, but we all know that CDN of CloudFront can also get it from custom sources and we'll learn all these topics one by one. What I want to expose to you right now is all the plus switches we have and the kind of architectures we have to get into and the choices we have to make. Okay. So, on a static asset layer surge, we have S3, which is going to be perfect for CloudFront, or Glacier for archives and it doesn't work directly with CloudFront. Okay, on the web layer now, which is the more dynamic content, we have to set up a load balancer or a gateway. So we have classic load balancer, application load balancer, network load balancer, API gateway, or even an elastic IP, if we don't need that amount of layer, for example if you have a very simple solution in the backup. Then that web layer has to talk to a compute side, and that compute side may be something like EC2, or an auto scaling group, AWS Lambda, ECS, Fargate, Batch or EMR, and obviously you cannot connect EMR with a web layer but what I wanna show you is that if there's no web layer, then we can still have a compute layer that does some batch computations. It's really hard to represent all the solutions architecture and AWS into one slide, but I want to be able to divide to you the different categories so you get a better understanding of all the kind of things we're going to do a deep dive on in the future lectures. Okay. By the way, the platform layer can also be in front of your web layer, as you can see in the arrow from the CDN to the web layer so it is possible to get different directions as well. Okay, next your data needs to be somewhere so usually you have a database, and that database can have multiple forms, it can be RDS, Aurora, DynamoDB, ElasticSearch, S3 is considered a database as well, or Redshift if you have more analytical type of workloads. It's also very possible that you will need a caching layer, and so you can cache stuff or it can have a section layer for cashing your section data, so it could be Elastic cache, DAX if you have infinite of DynamoDB, DynamoDB itself can also be a session layer, and RDS, it's very possible to put your sessions in RDS, even though ElactiCache is probably going to be a little bit more scalable and faster. Okay, next there's possible that your instances will need to fetch static data as well, so this data can be on EBS, EFS or directly on the instance stores. Again, it depends on the kind of requirements you are going to have for your solution architecture and you need to be able to decouple your solutions if you have a micro services type of architecture. And so it could be using SQS, SNS, Kinesis where they have streams of data, Amazon MQ, Step Functions for orchestration, and so on. Finally, it is possible that your compute layer also needs to be accessing some static assets, so S3 Englisher is a definite option. So these are all some kind of combinations, and if you try to permit all of them, you can get really an infinite number of solution architecture, but what I want you to realize at this high level is that as we get into solution architecture discussions based on what you choose for your database, your computer caching, your orchestration, your storage, your static, your web layer, your CDN, everything, it will have some impact into the cost, into the availability, the durability, the scalability, and so on, so it's really up to you as a solution architect to understand which type of technology is going to be the best for which moment, and this is what the exam will be testing you on. Now in this section, we're going to do a deep dive into everything in this slide, so don't worry, there will be specific solution architectures for each of these components, and we'll get a better discussion to which one is more appropriate and when and why. Okay, so that's it for a small introduction. I hope you're all excited, and I will see you in the next lecture.