So first let's do a deep dive into EC2. EC2 is a very, very big topic, but hopefully this is something that you already know at a very high level based on your previous experience. And I will try to summarize everything that's going to be important going into the exam. So first, when you have an EC2, you need to choose an instance type and they have different families. You have R, which is for example, R5X. That is usually for applications that need a lot of RAM. So for example, in-memory caches would be great. C, for applications that need a good amount of CPU for computations. So they are great for databases as well. M, which is sharp balance. So M is for something like medium, which is for general web applications. I, which is when you need very good local I/O. So this is when you have an instance store attached to your instance. And this is great for high performance databases. G, when you need to have a GPU. So this is when you're doing machine learning or video rendering. And then you have different kind of smaller instances or T2 and T3, which are burstable up to certain capacities. So they are instances that need to react very quickly and get good performance in case on spikes but gets a baseline performance that's average in the meantime. And then if you have T2 or T3 unlimited, you can get unlimited burst if you have a very specific type of workload. Finally, if you need to find the right instances for you, you have this website called ec2instances.info, which is great to understand which instance type is right for you. Okay, so now we know that based on the EC2 we have, we have different kind of families and each family is appropriate for different kind of workloads in terms of if the institution type is optimized for that workload, then the workload will finish faster and we are probably going to pay a lot less. Next, when you launch these EC2 instances you have to place them and by default when you launch an EC2 instance it's placed randomly in AWS's data center and you just have it right away. But you can tell or hint to AWS where you want your instance to be placed. And that is the purpose of placement group. So you have multiple strategies. The first one is cluster where you want all your instances to be within the same AZ into a cluster that will give it a low-latency group. This is great when you want to perform some high performance computing, so HPC. Next you have spread where you want your instances to be spread across the underlying hardware. So you don't want it to be on the same rack. And so it's maximum of seven instances per group per AZ. And these are for the applications that needs to not have a hardware failure that is spread to different instances. So by having a spread instance group, instead of placement group you will have your instances very far away from each other, they're spread out and therefore they won't fail all at once. And then partition is when you have a higher number of EC2 instances that you need to place them across different partitions. And this is when you have, for example, something like Hadoop, Cassandra, or Kafka. These are great for a partition placement group strategy. Okay, it is possible and you need to know this, to move an instance into or out of a placement group. First, you need to stop that instance, then, you need to use the CLI to modify the instance placement. So you're saying in this placement group or out of this placement group. And then you can start your instance and it will be in the placement group you need. It's very important that you know this. Next, we have the placement group of type cluster that we need to do a deep dive on. So this is what a cluster looks like. All the instances are going to be on the same rack in the same availability zone. And the idea is that we get a great network. So we get 10 gigabytes per second bandwidth between these instances. So they can communicate very, very fast with a low latency. The concept that if the rack fails, so if the underlying hardware fails, then all the instances, because they're placed next to each other they will all fail at the same time. And when we have such a cluster placement group, it's great to choose an instance type that has enhanced networking because they will have faster networking capability between each other. So the use case for a cluster placement group would be a big data job that needs to complete very fast, high performance computing or applications that need extremely low-latency and high network throughput, but at the risk of failing all at once. So spread, here it looks like, we have different hardware across different AZ and each EC2 will be placed on a different hardware up to seven EC2 per AZ. And that gives us some good pros. The first is that you can span across multiple AZ and the reduced risk of simultaneous failure is really, really low. EC2 instances are on a different physical hardware. Now for the cons, it's up to only seven instances per AZ per placement groups so you're limited in scale. And the use case would be for an application that needs to maximize high availability or critical applications where each instance failure must be isolated from each other. So this is the safest kind of deployment for your application. And partition is a little bit different. So your AZ will be divided in multiple partitions and then your EC2 instances will be spread across all these partitions and you get up to seven partitions per AZ and that gives you hundreds of EC2 instances for the partition kind of placement group. And the instances in the partition do not share racks with the instances in other partitions. So you have, again, some separation of hardware. A partition failure can affect many EC2 but it won't affect other partitions. And EC2 instances can get access to which partition they belong to thanks to the EC2 metadata service. So the use cases for this would be HDFS, HBase, Cassandra, Kafka. Next, we have several ways of launching an EC2 instance. So we have on demand instances and this is when you have a short workload and you're going to get predictable pricing and you wanna have reliability. Instead, if you wanna go for very cheap instances for short workloads as well, you can use spot instances. In that case, you're going to get a deep discount but you run the chance of losing instances meaning you cannot run reliable long workloads on spot instances. But if it's resilient to failure, it's a great choice. Next, we have reserved instances. The minimum period is one year. So the reserved instances are for long workloads and you want to get big discount because you know, for example, you're going to run an EC2 instances for three years. You also have convertible reserved instances. So this time, again, you workload is long but you wanna convert the instance type over time. Therefore, it's a bit more flexible with a bit less discounts. You have different level of payments. So if you pay everything upfront, you're going to get a deeper discount. If you pay partial upfront, you're going to get less discounts, and no upfront even less discounts. So your payment plan really impacts as well the amount of discount you're going to get for these instances. Dedicated instances will provide you the guarantee that no other customers will share your hardware, and dedicated host, books you an entire physical server on which you can control the instance placements. The use case for them is software licenses that operate at a core or CPU socket level. And you can define host affinity so that the instances reboots are kept on the same host. You also need to know what is Graviton. So Graviton processors deliver you the best price performance for your EC2 instances and that is for newer generation kind of instances. So this supports Linux OS, Amazon Linux 2, RedHat, SUSE, Ubuntu, and so on. And it is not available for Windows instances, remember this. You have Graviton2 which gives you 40% better price performance over comparable fifth generation x86-based instances. And Graviton3 which gives you three times better performance compared to Graviton2. So the use case is, is that you wanna have good performance at a better price. So this could be app servers, microservices, high performance computing, machine learning, video encoding, gaming, in-memory caches, and so on. Okay, now for including metrics in EC2, we know there is CPU where you get digitalization as well as the credit usage and balance for T2 Micros. The network, network in/network out, the status checks will be very important to know them. So you have instance status where you can check the EC2 VM and system status where you check the underlying hardware. And this is AWS that provides these metrics for us. The disk where we can look at read/write for Ops and bytes and this is only when you have an EC2 with an instance store, otherwise you can get these metrics for the EBS volumes directly. And something extremely important that I think I've said all the time in all my courses, which is that RAM is not included in the EC2 metrics and you need to push them directly from the EC2 instance into CloudWatch as a custom metric if you need it. Okay, now let's talk about EC2 instance recovery in detail because it is something you need to know. The status checks we have, we have two as I said. The first one is the instance status and then we have the system status. And so something we may want to do is to recover an instance in case these status checks are failing. So here's what it looks like. Our EC2 instance is going to be monitored by a CloudWatch alarm. And this CloudWatch alarm currently is set up to be checking the status of the system status check. And so in case it fails, you can use your CloudWatch alarm to define an action called the EC2 instance recovery to recover your EC2 instance. The action of using an EC2 instance recovery is that you will remain, obviously some things will be lost but you will keep the same private IP, the same public IP, the same elastic IP, the same metadata, and the same placement group. So this is something quite nice if you have an instance and it's critical and you want to make sure you can recover it in case anything goes wrong at the instance level or the system level, in which case setting up a CloudWatch alarm that will perform an EC2 instance recovery action is a great way to do it. Finally, because it's a CloudWatch alarm it can alert an SNS topic and you can chain it up with other kind of actions, for example, for notifying a Slack channel in case you need to be aware that your instance has been recovered. Okay, so that's all you need to know for EC2, very, very important. Hopefully this is not too much new stuff for you, but remember, it's all really important going into the exam that you know all the details. All right, that's it, I will see you in the next lecture.