Okay, so now let us talk about Auto Scaling Groups. And the first kind of policy we're going to see is Dynamic Scaling Policies. So we have three kinds. We have the Target Tracking Scaling, and this is by far the most simple and easy to set up because all you have to say is take a metric. For example, the average ASG CPU and give it a target. For example, you want it to stay at around 40% across your ASG. Well, in that case, in case the CPU is too high, then the ASG will add instances and in case the CPU is too low, then the ASG will terminate instances for you. If you wanted to go back in complexity and add more complexity, so you can set up a CloudWatch alarm, and for example, that CloudWatch alarm could say, hey, if it's triggered because the CPU is more than 70%, then add to units, this is what's called step scaling. And if your CloudWatch alarm, for example, is triggered because the CPU is less than 30%, then remove your units. This is again, step scaling. So it's a bit more involved because you need to set up these rules yourself, but it gives you more control as well into how the auto scaling group is scaling. And then finally you have scheduled actions. For example, you know that something is going to happen in advance. For example, you know that on Fridays at 5:00 PM, you're going to have a big increase in usage because I don't know, you're running a promotion every Friday at 5:00 PM and so therefore, maybe you want to know that by in advance you should increase the minimum capacity to 10 instances to sustain that load. On the opposite side, you have predictive scaling and this is to continuously forecast load and then you are going to schedule scaling ahead. So AWS will analyze your historical load and then generate a forecast based on your load and then set up automatically scaling actions in advance to predict the right of amount of instances you need to sustain that load. So it's going to be good especially if you have like patterns in your load from week to week or from day to day. Now, good metrics to scale on ASG is CPU utilization, Request Count Per Target. So to ensure that the number of requests per EC2 instances is stable and they're not overloaded in terms of network request per ports, and so this is how it goes. For example, you say, hey, I want three request per target maximum. So that means that the ASG will try to make sure that any point of time each EC2 instance is replying to three requests. Now in real life, obviously this is more something like 1000 unit sets, average in and out. So for example, if you're application takes a lot of network in or out, for example, if you upload a download video files through your EC2 instances, then you know that your EC2 instance has a limit in terms of how much networking it can allow in, therefore you would use this kind of metric to scale in and out, or you can have any custom metric that you post using CloudWatch and use these metrics to scale on. Okay, some other things that are good to know for your ASG. Well, you have spot fleet support. That means that you can mix, spot and on-demand instances in your auto scaling group. You have lifecycle hooks which allows you to perform action before an instance in service or before it is terminated. For example, if you want to do cleanup of your instance or log extraction, or special health checks before an instance is in service. And finally, if you want to avoid an AMI you have two ways of doing it. First, obviously you must update the underlying launch templates or launch configuration of your ASG, but then you have two ways of doing it. So either you go ahead and you terminate EC2 instances manually, and confirmation can help to automate that rolling upgrade. Or you would use something called EC2 instance refresh for auto scaling, which will terminate instances for you. What happens that when you terminate instances in an ASG then new ones come up and they will have the new AMI by default, because well, your ASG is configured to use the new launch templates or launch configuration. So talking about this feature, Instance Refresh, let's have a look. So the goal is to recreate all EC2 instances from the latest launch templates in your ASG. And so there's our feature. So if you have an ASG, for example, like this that has a couple or many EC2 instances using the old launch templates, then we're going to upload a new launch templates with an updated AMI, for example, in our ASG. And then we'll use the API start instance refresh. We're going to specify a minimum healthy percentage of instances so that not all instances are destroyed at once. So for example, we can say, hey, I want 60% of my instances to be healthy at any point of time. And then the ASG natively, is going to terminate an instance and then create a new one using the new launch templates, and so on until all your instances have been upgraded to the new launch templates. We can also specify a warmup time, which is how long until the instances are ready to use to go and iterate over terminating the old instances. Now let's talk about all the processes that are within your auto scaling group. The first one is a launch process which will add EC2 instances to the group, increasing the capacity. The terminate process that removes an EC2 instance from the group, therefore decreasing its capacity. The health check, the process that's checks the health of your instances, replace unhealthy, which is a process that will terminate unhealthy instances and recreate them. AZ rebalance which is a process that looks at your ASG and making sure that there is an equal or balanced number of EC2 instances across all your ability zones. Alarm notification which is a process that will accept notifications for CloudWatch in terms of scaling. Scheduled actions which is a process that will perform the scheduled actions that you create for your scaling. Then you have add to load balancer, which is a process that will add instances from the ASG to your desired load balancer or the target group of that load balancer. And then instance refresh that we just saw, which is a process that performs an instance refresh in the ASG by terminating all the instances and recreating new one. And the cool thing about ASG is that, all these processes can be suspended. So if you do not want, for example to replace the unhealthy instances because you wanna troubleshoot them for a bit, then you can suspend the replaced unhealthy process and debug while you find an instance to be unhealthy. Next for health checks, extremely important. Your ASG depends on health checks to function correctly and you have different health checks available. The first one is the EC2 status checks, health check, and we've seen this from before. And the second one, if you have an ELB in front of your auto scaling group, then it's an ELB health check and it's HTTP based. The idea is that if your instances is deemed unhealthy because it has a bad EC2 status check or has a bad ELB health check, then your ASG will launch a new instance after terminating an unhealthy one. So the idea is that if you have a bad health check then the ASG will go crazy and start terminating in all your instances. So you need to make sure that the health check is going to you be simple and they will check the correct thing, which is the health of the instance. So let's make an example. So a good health check is when an auto scaling group for example, checks a route on your EC2 instance called slash health server and the server that says, yes I'm alive and I'm functioning correctly. This is a good health check. A bad health check is where an auto scaling group will check a route that does something quite heavy. For example, if we check the slash number of customers route on our EC2 instance, and our EC2 instance has to do a database call to count all the number of customers, wait for the database to respond to us, and then get the answer to the auto scaling group. In case the database fails or in case something takes too long, then the auto scaling group will think that your EC2 instance is unhealthy and will terminate it. So making sure you have the right health check is extremely important in your solution architecture. Okay, so that's it for small reminders on auto scaling group. In the next lecture we'll see how we can properly update an auto scaling group, and what are the different solution architectures around it. So see you in the next lecture.