So this lecture I love because, it really shows you what kind of decisions you have to make as a solution architect. What kind of implication it has on the very simple thing. Such as how to update an application in a Auto Scaling group. You may think this is simple. So we have our clients connected to Application Load Balancer. That Application Load Balancer redirects traffic to our Auto Scaling group. Which currently is running all our EC2 instances on these same launch templates. We would like to do is to update our Auto Scaling group and for now what we'll actually do is to have a new launch configuration. This is the way we want to update it, okay. So let's see all the options we have and what they mean in terms of architecture and implications for the way you're rolling out your application. As a game, if you want to stop the video right now, just pause it and then draw something on a sheet of paper. I asked you to find how many ways you can update this Auto Scaling group. What kind of strategy you have and then what kind of architectures are coming through it with it. If you don't, that's okay. Let's get started. So the first thing is that we may want to keep that Auto Scaling group. So we keep the Auto Scaling group but we're going to create a new launch template. What this will do is that, it will go ahead and create new EC2 instances that are launched using this new launch templates and we may need to double the capacity of our Auto Scaling group for these instances to be created. So in the meantime because they belong to the same Auto Scaling group, they will belong to the same target group. So the Application Load Balancer, will redirect request to all these two instances at the same time. So we have both versions of our application sending data and responding to our ALB request. This is fine and then when we're done, we can terminate the EC2 instances of our launch template number one if we are confident enough that our version number two is working great. So this is one way of doing things and I think it works great, okay. But here you have to realize that you have the same target group. Traffic is going to be spread across all your versions. That's number one. Number two is, okay we have the same architecture. We have our first Auto Scaling group but now we decided to create a new Auto Scaling group. Alongside creating this new Auto Scaling group, we are creating a second target group. So now we have our EC2 instances with a launch template on v2. We are able to do at the ALB level, a traffic split between the different two target groups. So it's possible for us in this case to just send a small amount of traffic to the Auto Scaling group two, just to test it out from the ALB side and see if our new application is working fine. If it is, then we can slowly shift traffic between the two target groups. Then eventually we retire the first target group. The beautiful thing here is that the clients, still access the only one ALB. So there's no caching issue on the K inside with the ALB is the one thing that is splitting traffic, shifting traffic from your first Auto Scaling group to your second Auto Scaling group. So there's a different solution architecture. Number three, there is the more complex one. So we have our ALB number one, that is linked to our Auto Scaling group with our EC2 instances and launch template v1 and we'll do is that we'll create an entirely new auto Application Load Balancer and an entirely new ASG with the launch template number two. The idea is now we have two very independent type of architectures. So what we need to do is to make sure the clients can talk to our second ALB and for this we can use route 53. So we'll define a CNAME and we can use weighted records. So when the client's makes a DNS query is going to get both ALBs based on the weight. So the clients will be doing some load balancing so part of our clients will be sending traffic to ALB number one and parts of our clients will be sending traffic to ALB number two. That would allow us to have a small amount of traffic going on to AlB be number two. The problem here is that we are reeling on the clients being well behaved and making DNS queries and respecting the TTL. So we have to do a slow migration slowly, slowly, slowly. So there is some risk here, that bad behaving clients will still be talking to our ALB number one even though we have told them to switch to ALB number two with route 53. The advantage though of this architecture is that we are able to independently test the ALB number two before we put it in service at the route 53 level. So it's possible for us to set up test clients to do some manual testing, to do some load testing on their architecture making sure everything is great before we have our client do some load balancing and switch from ALB1 slowly transition to ALB2. So what I wanna show you as part of this lecture is that there's not only one way of doing things in AWS. The kind of architectures you are going to choose depends on how you feel about complexity or the requirements of your solution architecture. How you want to update your applications and how many components do you want to involve in it. So through this one example I wanna show you that in the exam it is very likely that you have multiple answers that are going to be good. Multiple answers will be correct at the exam. But one of those will be the most appropriate based on what you're trying to achieve. This is what you have to identify and this is what makes this Solution Architect Professional exam very tricky. But I hope that was helpful for this lecture, I hope all of it makes sense and you're thinking more like a Solutions Architect now and I will see you in the next lecture.