So now let's talk about Amazon ECR. So the Elastic Container Registry is used to store and manage Docker images on AWS. And you have two kind of repositories, you have the Private and the Public repositories. By the way, there is a whole repository you can see called gallery.ecr.aws, it has public images you can get. So you have an ECR repository, and for example, you have two Docker images, A and B and then you have an ECS cluster. And the Instance is going to have a role that allows it to pull images from the ECR repository and therefore start containers on it. So the ECR is fully integrated ECS in terms of pulling Docker images and the access to ECR is controlled through IAM. So in case you have any permission errors, you need to check the policies. Now, ECR has many features. We'll see those in a bit. We have vulnerability scanning, versioning, image tags, image lifecycle, and so on. So some features you must know, for example, is the cross-Region replication. So it both supports cross-Region and cross-account replication in ECR. So let's take an example. Say you have a pipeline to build images from CodeBuild. So CodeBuild will run container, will build images and will register and push these images to Amazon ECR. Then from ECR, if you've set up cross-Region replication these images are going to be replicated directly into other regions. The advantage that you don't have to rebuild these images into other regions and you can start launching, for example, your task on ECS from other regions as well, giving you a global application. Another feature is the image scanning. So Amazon ECR creates containers and it's important to scan these containers to look for vulnerabilities. So they can be either manual scan or automatic scan with scan on push. So whenever you push an image into your ECR repository then the image is going to be scanned. Now you have two types of scan. You have the basic scanning that looks for common vulnerability. So we push an image into ECR. ECR is going to scan the image through its service itself and then the results in case, for example, you have vulnerabilities. They can be triggered and sent as events into EventBridge. That's for the basic scanning. And then you have enhanced scanning, and that actually leverages the Amazon Inspector Service, and it's going to do more than just looking for common CVE is going to look for operating system and programming language vulnerability. So it's a deeper scan, it's enhanced scanning. So again, we push an image into ECR but this time the inspector service is going to scan our image. And then in case we have any results of that scan, it's going to be in EventBridge. But this time the trigger service is inspector, it's not ECR. Also, you can view the scan results directly from the AWS console for both types of scanning. Okay, so that's it for Amazon ECR. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.