Now let's get into the API gateway. So at a high level we know what a API gateway does, it exposes a REST API to our clients. Usually it will proxy a request to Lambda, but not only, and we'll see this in this lecture. And Lambda can do some create-read-update-delete on a Dynamo DB table, that is some very classic solution architecture that is serverless, but it can do so much more. But as in the general idea, we have our first point of contact with our client is going to be our Amazon API Gateway. So what does it do? It helps expose Lambda functions, but not only, also HTTP endpoints and AWS services as an API. But why would you leverage an API gateway instead of just calling these things directly? Well, the API gateway gives you a lot of features that you may want if you are maintaining APIs at scale. The first one is API versioning. So you can publish multiple versions of your API, which is really helpful to make sure your clients can migrate from one version to another as you add features. It gives you authorization. So we'll see the integration for security on that. Traffic management so you can define API keys, usage plan and throttles. You can get huge scale. So the API Gateway does scale very well. It's serverless, so you don't you manage any server for these features. You can do some request and response transformations directly from the API gateway, for some compatibility issues for example. You can publish an API as an open API spec, or import an API as an open API spec. The idea is that, when you have an open API specification, your clients can just generate a client library automatically from that specification and start using your API on the go, which is a lot of time saved and has support for CORS. Okay, so some limits to know right off the bat for the Amazon API Gateway, when you think as a solution architect is it the right thing for me? Number one is, there is a 29-seconds timeout, and that is a very important limit. So if you are proxying a request to a Lambda function, but that Lambda function, even though it has a 15 minutes timeout, takes three minutes to process a request, your Amazon API Gateway will timeout before your Lambda function, because the timeouts on any requests on the API gateway is 29 seconds. So that is a really important limit to know when you look at your solution architecture. The second thing is, the 10 megabytes max payload size, and I'll be talking about it more. But the idea is that you cannot send more than 10 megabytes of data in one request through the Amazon API Gateway. So again, if you're trying to upload big files onto whatever, maybe the Amazon API Gateway is not the right thing for you. And it's super important to take into account these two limits when designing your solution architecture. Okay, so something we've already seen are deployment stages. So the API changes are deployed to stages and we can have as many stages as we want, and you can name it however you want. For example, dev, test, prod, and so on. And the stages could be rolled back, as a history of deployment is kept. So you can roll back in previous stages in case a deployment was wrong. It's a really neat feature in case you something bad and want to get back in time. So we've seen how to deploy a stage and what it can be pointed to. So it can be pointed to a prod alias or a test alias for you Lambda function, and these aliases can be pointing to V1, V2. I'm not going to go over it again, but you remember this from a previous lecture. Next, for the integrations. So we have HTTP-type of integration, in case you have an HTTP endpoint exposed in your backend, for example, you have an internal HTTP API on premise or you have an application load balancer and you want to add an API gateway in front of it, why would you do it? Maybe you want to add rate-limiting, caching features, user authentication, API keys, et cetera, et cetera. So these could be very good reasons to add an API gateway as an extra layer. There are Lambda functions and they're very classic, we've seen it many times. So the API gateway will invoke a Lambda function, and it's a very easy way to create a REST API that is backed by AWS Lambda, all in a serverless fashion. Also very important. This is something that's very prominent in the devops exam that still comes up in the solutions architect professional exam, which is that you can expose a service specific API through the API gateway. So it's any API. So some very common use cases for example would be to start a Step Functions workflow or to post a message to SQS. But again, leveraging these features of authentication to deploy publicly, to have rate control and so on. So it is very common to have an API gateway proxying an AWS service for a specific API. Now let's talk about directly one of these application as a solution architecture discussion. So we want to have API gateway in front of S3 to upload a file. But the thing, is if you remember what I said in the very beginning of this lecture, I said you will be impacted by the 10 megabytes payload size limits. So let's have an example. We have the client application and we have an S3 bucket and it's private, and we want to allow users to upload files into S3. One way do it, we'd say okay, we have an API gateway and the API gateway is going to be a proxy in front of the service S3 for the API put objects. So we can say okay, I wanna upload a file, and then the API gateway with the proper configuration will upload that file into S3. But the limits here is that you cannot go over 10 megabytes of payload size. So if you want to upload a big file, you'll run into some issues. So this is not a perfect architecture, but it is a possible architecture. And this is the kind of things you have to go and really really look at when you go into the exam. Now, what is a better architecture? Well, we have the same kind of things. The client application does talk to the API gateway, because we like the features of the API gateway, and says I want to upload a file. Now, the API gateway will talk to a Lambda function, and that Lambda function can do something. It can generate a pre-signed URL from our S3 buckets. And what it does by getting this pre-signed URL is that it will return the URL itself, which is very light, and the real URL will be forwarded to our client application from the API gateway. And then, using that pre-signed URL directly from our client application, we are able to upload directly into S3, any file of any size we want. So this architecture is much better. Yes, there is an extra Lambda function, but it's scales a lot better, it respects every component for what it's supposed to be doing, and using a pre-signed URL, we can upload files of megabytes, gigabytes or terabytes, whatever we want. So this is a much better solution architecture. Again, these two architectures work. It depends on what kind of limits you want to have. And again, this is the kind of things that the exam will test you on. Now, the API gateway has different endpoint types. The first one is Edge-Optimized, which a default which means that your requests are routed through the CloudFront Edge locations. So that improves latencies, and that's really helpful when you have global clients. But your API gateway itself still lives in only one region. Then you can deploy it also as a regional API gateway, so that means that all the clients are within the same region, otherwise it doesn't make sense, and you could manually combine this with CloudFront if you want to have more control over the caching strategies, distribution, that kind of things. So by default Edge optimized, but you could have a regional API gateway and combine this with CloudFront. Finally, private, where you want to just deploy things only within your VPC and get access from the ENI, and you need to use a resource policy to define access to your private API gateway. So remember, three different ways of deploying your API gateway. Next, super important, you can cache API responses from your API gateway. Why would you use caching? Well, to reduce the number of calls made to the backend. So the idea is that your client talks to the API gateway, and your API gateway, before issuing a request to the backend, will check the gateway cache, and if it is available in the cache it will return it to the clients. Otherwise, it will do a query in the backend if there's a cache miss and store the result in the gateway cache. This is very helpful. And then your data in your cache has a time to live, which is 300 seconds by default. So five minutes. But you can set it to zero if you don't wanna cache, or one hour if you want your data to be cached for a long time. Caches are defined per stage, and it's possible to override each cache setting per method. So if you have a get on whatever URL, or a put in whatever URL, and you don't want it to cache for that thing, you can overwrite the cache setting for these specific methods. The clients themselves as well can invalidate the cache using a header called "Cache-Control: max-age=0," and you need the proper IM authorization to do this, but it's possible for the client to basically bypass the cache. You also have the ability to flush the entire cache, so it means invalidating it immediately, if you wanted to repopulate the cache at one point of time. Finally, the cache can be encrypted, and you can define a capacity of the cache between 0.5 gigabytes to 237 gigabyte. So it can be quite big. Now in terms of errors, it's very important to understand the API gateway errors because they indicate to you a lot of information. In case you get a 4xx, that means it's client errors. So examples, 400 is Bad Request. 403 is Access Denied, or maybe your web application firewall has filtered the request. 429 is quota exceeded, or a throttle directly coming from the API gateway. And when you get a 5xx, that means it's a server-side error. So some notable one. 502 means a Bad Gateway Exception. That means usually when the Lambda function returns a bad output, or occasionally when you have out of order invocations due to heavy loads. You have 503, which is Service Unavailable Exception. So this is when the backend cannot respond. And 504, which is Integration Failure. And one example is the limit I was talking to you about in the beginning of this lecture, which is for example when the endpoint request timed out because the API gateway has a request timeout of about 29 seconds maximum. So this is when you will get a 504. Next for security. So you can load SSL certificates onto your API gateway, and then you use Route53 to define a CNAME. You can have resource policy, for example, like an S3 bucket policy. So this controls who can access the API, which accounts, which IP, which CIDR blocks, which VPC or VPC endpoints. And then, IAM Execution Roles for the API gateway at the API level, for example, if your AIP gateway needs to invoke a Lambda Functions and you need to define the IAM roles for that. It support CORS, so Cross-origin Resource Sharing. That means it gives you some browser-based security and it controls which domain can call your API, if the client is well behaved. Authentication, there's three ways. You have IAM-based access. This is good when you want to provide access within your own infrastructure, and it uses the IAM credentials passed in in the header through something called Sig V4. You have Lambda-based authorizers, used to be known as custom authorizers, and this is when you want to use a Lambda function to verify a custom authentication token, things like Oauth, SAML or 3rd party authentication, and you have to program the Lambda function to verify the authentication mechanism. Or we can use the deep integration with Cognito User Pool, in which case the client has to authenticate with Cognito and the client will pass in the authentication code token to API gateway, and the API gateway knows out of the box how to verify that token. So what does it look like? With the client connecting to the Cognito User Pool, authenticating and then gets a token back, it passes the token to the API gateway and the API gateway can verify that token with the Cognito User Pool. And then if it does, then it can invoke your Lambda function and it will pass the identity of the color to the Lambda function, so you can do some extra logic on your Lambda function side. So the thing to notice here is that your client has to first authenticate with Cognito User Pool, and you need to program obviously for this, the right code. Finally, in terms of logging, monitoring and tracing, that's very important, CloudWatch Logs does give you logging at the stage level for log-level error or info, and you can log full requests and responses data. So it can be quite helpful when you want to troubleshoot. You can also send API gateway access logs which is customizable, and the logs can be sent directly if you wanted to into Kinesis Data Firehose as an alternative to CloudWatch Logs. You have CloudWatch Metrics where you get metrics by stage and you can enable detailed metrics, and you get some information such as the integration latency, the latency overall, the cache hit count and the cache miss count. All of these are very important to understand if you have optimized your API gateway the right way. Finally, X-Ray will give you tracing to get extra information about the requests going through API gateway, such as latency, errors and so on. And so, if you have X-Ray on the API gateway plus X-Ray on your Lambda function, that will give you the entire picture of how your architecture is working. Okay, so lots of good information. I hope you liked this lecture and I will see you in the next lecture.