So some additional knowledge regarding the API Gateway. So first of all, if you wanted to make the API available as an offering to customers you can use a Usage Plan and API Keys. So Usage Plan defines who can access one or more deployed API stages and methods, and how much and how fast they can access them. So you define what's called a Usage Plan. Then this leverages API keys to identify API clients. And then, thanks to this, API keys is going to be able to meter and to measure access. You can also configure throttling limits and quota limits that will be enforced on individual clients. So talking about these API keys, they're alpha numeric strings that are secret and you distribute them to customers and that's how they get identified into your API. For example, this is the example. And you can use them with research plans to control access thru APIs. So you can apply throttling limits at the API key level and also quota limits. That is the overall number of maximum requests. Also, you can have this kind of error, the 429 Too Many Requests error. So this time this is an account level throttling across all your APIs in the region. Not for specific APIs, but for all of them. And so when you have this, you must implement some client side logic to implement a retry mechanism and the exponential backup to make it work. The other thing around API Gateway is WebSocket API. So WebSocket is a two-way interactive communication between the user's browser and a server. And the server has the possibility to push information to the clients which enables stateful application use cases. Now the WebSocket APIs are super helpful, especially with real-time applications such as chat applications, collaboration platforms, multiplayer games, and financial trading platforms. It works with different AWS Services such as Lambda or DynamoDB or even HTTP endpoints. And the architecture is as this, so let's take an example of a chat application. So the clients will connect to your API Gateway through a persistent connection through the website at API. And then the API Gateway is going to invoke a Lambda function called onConnect. Maybe they will persist the connection to the DynamoDB table. Then another lender function called sendMessage to send a message and persist that message into DynamoDB. And the last lender function called on onDisconnect, which will be invoked whenever the connection is disconnected. So how do you channel back replies to the clients? Well use something called the @connections. So here is your WebSocket URL. And then through this you're going to get a connection ID which you're going to persist in the DynamoDB table. And then for each connection, you're going to get a Connection URL callback. Which leverages the @connection handle. And if you invoke that URL so /@connections/connectionid. Then if your Lambda function is posting a message into this URL Callback, which is on your API Gateway, then the AP go is smart it says: Okay I know I should send back a message back to my clients. And this is how WebSocket works for two-way communications. On the one way it goes from the client to the API Gateway to Lambda functions. And then on the other way, anything that post data into this special callback URL with the @connections will be able to send back data to the desired clients. So we also have Private APIs in the API Gateway. And they can only be accessed from your VPC because they're private and you need to leverage your VPC Interface Endpoints. Now each endpoint can be used to access multiple private APIs if we wanted to. So let's take an example. We have a private API Gateway and we want to connect from within a private subnet to it. So we're going to create an Interface Endpoint in that subnet. And then EC2 Instances can access through the Interface Endpoint, our private API Gateway. We have one level of security where we can control access to the Interface Endpoint using a VPC Endpoint policy. But we can also define an API Gateway Resource Policy. In that case, the resource policy has attached itself to the API Gateway, and this is to allow or deny access to the API from selected VPCs and VPC Endpoints, including from cross AWS accounts. So we have two levels of security and we can use the aws:SourceVpc or aws:SourceVpce for endpoint conditions in our resource policy on the private API Gateway to control access to it. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.