Okay, so now let's talk about an exciting development, which is called AWS Outposts. So what is hybrid cloud? Businesses that keep an on-premises infrastructure alongside a cloud infrastructure are called hybrid cloud. And when we have that, we have two ways of dealing with IT systems. We have one for the cloud of AWS, for example, using the console of AWS, the CLI, and the APIs from AWS. But also we have another one that is dedicated to on-premises infrastructure. And so that means two different types of skill sets, two different types of API and that may be complicated. So AWS said, okay, we do recognize that some companies will run a hybrid cloud, therefore let's create Outposts. And Outposts are server racks that offer the same AWS infrastructure services, API, and tools to build your own application on-premises, just like in the cloud. So what this means that they will come and set up and manage Outposts racks, which are servers, within your on-premises infrastructure. And then these servers come preloaded with the AWS services, but you can benefit them from on-premises. So as we can see now, on your corporate data center, you will have your Outposts racks directly set up by AWS. And this allows you to extend the AWS services directly onto your on-premises data centers, which is I think, revolutionary. But the difference between an EC2 instance running on the cloud, and an EC2 instance running in your own data center is that now you are responsible for the security, the physical security, of the rack itself, because that rack is within your own data center. So the benefits from using Outposts are many. First of all, you get low latency access to on-premises system. You get local data processing, so the data may actually never leave your on-premises system and never go to the cloud. Data residency, so again, it lives within your own data centers. It's easy, for example, to start a migration from on-premises to Outposts, and then when you're ready from Outposts to the cloud. It's a fully managed service, so AWS will manage the service for you. And with Outposts for now, you can launch a lot of services, such as Amazon EC2, Amazon EBS, Amazon S3, Amazon EKS, Amazon ECS, Amazon RDS, and Amazon EMR. So it's really a cool way to extend the cloud directly onto your own infrastructure on-premises system. And this is revolutionary. So let's take the example of Amazon S3 on AWS Outposts. So you use the S3 APIs to actually store and retrieve data locally on AWS Outposts. This way you keep your data close to your on-premises application and you reduce data transfers to AWS regions. So there is a specific storage class for Outposts on S3 called S3 Outposts. The default and encryption scheme for anything on Outposts is going to be SSE-S3. And so how is the data accessed from Outposts onto AWS? Well, you have S3 on Outposts and you can build an S3 access point on it. And then thanks to this, you can manage security, and make sure that an easy to instance in your VPC can access your S3 on Outposts through this S3 access point. The other option is to actually synchronize the data using the data sync service onto a cloud Amazon S3 bucket, where your instances can access the data directly from there. So these are the two options, and it's one example on how to use AWS Outposts. So that's it, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.