So we've talked about the architectural components of Elasticsearch and what it has in common with Amazon OpenSearch. Let's dive into the actual OpenSearch service itself and talk about how that actually differs from Elasticsearch. So there's a couple of different flavors of OpenSearch. There's the managed version, which is what we're going to talk about in the next few slides. There's also a serverless version, a fully serverless option now, and we'll talk about that in a in a few minutes. But for now we're going to talk about the fully managed solution. There's two different parallel universes of OpenSearch if you will. One that's a managed solution. You know, kind of like RDS or EMR is managed. And then there's the fully serverless solution where you don't think about the underlying servers at all. In the managed solution, however, you are able to scale up and down without downtime, so you can change the number of hosts that you have in your OpenSearch cluster. But you still need to think about how many nodes there are. It's not done automatically for you in the managed solution. It is paid for what you use, so you just pay based on the instance hours, the amount of storage that you're using and the amount of data transfer. For now. Note that you're going to get billed even if it's just sitting there doing nothing. So if you do have an open source cluster that's sitting there idle, unused, you're still going to be paying for those instance hours. So remember to shut it down if you're not using it or you're going to rack up a pretty big bill, right? It offers a high level of network isolation. So with Amazon VPC, you can ensure your data security by encrypting data at rest and in transit using keys. And you can manage the authentication and access control with Amazon Cognito or AWS IAM policies. A bunch of integration points here. They can tie into S3 buckets via Lambda to Kinesis. It can integrate with Kinesis Data Streams, it can integrate with DynamoDB streams, and of course it integrates with CloudWatch and CloudTrail. So these are extensions to Elasticsearch that obviously don't exist in the AWS non-specific version of Elasticsearch. This is what they've added to integrate it into the AWS ecosystem. It also offers zone awareness and by allocating zones across multiple availability zones in the same region, you can increase your high availability by using zone awareness, however, that can cause latency. There are a few things you can be expected to ask that are kind of specific to Amazon's implementation here. One is how many dedicated master nodes do you want? And you have to choose how many of them and what instance type you want to use. Now, the master nodes are only used for the management of your OpenSearch domain that you're creating, and it does not hold or process any data. So generally you don't need too many of them unless your cluster is really massive. What's a domain? Well again, this is sort of an Amazon specific thing, and an Amazon OpenSearch service domain is a collection of all the resources needed to run the OpenSearch cluster. So it contains all the configuration for the cluster as a whole. So basically, a cluster in Amazon OpenSearch parlance is a domain. It also allows you to enable automatic snapshots to S3 for data backup purposes. So if you do inadvertently shut down your cluster, you won't lose that data. And like we talked about zone awareness is also an option if you want to increased availability at the price of higher latency. Security is always an important point on the exam. So let's talk about how Amazon security systems integrate with Amazon OpenSearch. We'll dive into this when we go into the exercise a little bit more. It does allow resource based policies. So you can attach those to the service domain that determines what actions the principal can take on the OpenSearch API. You can also have identity based policies using IAM policies or IP based policies to tie specific actions to specific IP ranges as well. You can also sign your requests going into Amazon OpenSearch. In fact, you have to all requests to Amazon OpenSearch must be signed, and when you send in requests from the AWS SDK to OpenSearch, that will give you the means you need to actually digitally sign all those requests going in. Otherwise, all that traffic would just be an unencrypted JSON data. And that's obviously not a very secure approach when you're sending stuff in flight across the internet. Now for further security, you can also put your cluster in a VPC Instead of making it public. And that will give you additional security to your OpenSearch cluster instead of having it accessible from the outside world at all. Of course, that does make it harder to actually connect to your cluster and use tools like the dashboard, but we'll talk about that on the next slide. Now keep in mind you cannot set up your cluster first in a VPC and then move it out of the VPC, or vice versa. You have to decide up front if your cluster is going to live in a VPC, or be publicly accessible. You can't change that later. And finally, it integrates with Cognito. And primarily that's useful for the context of talking to dashboards formerly known as Kibana. So the thing is, if you're hosting your OpenSearch cluster within a VPC, how the heck are you going to access your dashboards on it through the through the internet, through a web browser? You access the dashboards through a web interface. So it needs to be able to go inside your cluster and open up an HTTP connection to actually view and interact with the dashboards. So the simplest way of doing that is with using Cognito. AWS offers an integration with the Cognito service, which allows end users to log into the dashboard through an enterprise entity provider such as Microsoft Active Directory using Saml 2.0, and also through social identity providers such as Google or Facebook or Amazon. So you could set things up so that Cognito is allowing people to log in using their Facebook account or what have you, and that will grant them access to actually get into your dashboard, even if it's hidden behind a VPC. You can also set up secure, scalable, and simplified sign on experiences using Amazon Cognito user pools. That makes it a little bit easier to manage these things, but getting into a VPC from the outside is still hard. Now, there are ways around it. One of them is to use a reverse proxy server, and that's what we're showing here in this diagram to the right here. So nginx is an example of a reverse proxy server that you could run on some EC2 host somewhere. And that would then turn around and forward your request to your OpenSearch domain within the VPC. You could also open up an SSH tunnel on port 5601, which is what the dashboard listens on and other options for getting inside your dashboard from your VPC would include VPC Direct Connect, or just using a VPN to get in there. There are some anti-patterns and ways you should not be using Amazon OpenSearch service. These come straight out of the AWS Big Data whitepaper, which again I strongly encourage you to read. One is OLTP. Although it is really fast, it's not really intended to be hit like a web service, so it doesn't have any transactional support like a real database would. If you're going to be doing stuff like that, RDS or DynamoDB might be a better choice. AD hoc data querying. Well, I'm not really sure that's why that's an anti-pattern, because you definitely can do that using dashboards, but AWS would rather you use Athena for that sort of a thing because, well, that's what that service is really made for. But remember, Amazon OpenSearch is primarily for search and analytics. That is primarily the bucket that Amazon OpenSearch fits into. So if you're looking for a search or an analytics solution for a problem, Amazon OpenSearch might be a potential solution for that.