A very important tool in the world of AWS. Vector stores is Amazon S3 vectors. Yes, they have integrated vector search with S3 itself and as you can imagine, that makes it a whole lot cheaper because S3 is a pretty cheap service and a lot simpler too. And yeah, it's a good tool. All you have to do is create an S3 vector bucket and you'll see that right in the S3 UI, alongside with other buckets that you can create. And that's just a specialized bucket where you can store vector data, structured information that includes both your metadata and your embedding vectors for the stuff that you want to search from, bedrock knowledge bases or whatever else you want to do semantic search with. Once you have that bucket created, you then create a vector index where you specify how many dimensions you want in each vector, and also which distance metric you want to use, like the cosine distance metric or whatever it might be. And that's pretty much it. From there on, S3 manages everything pretty much for you. You just store data in there, and there's a put vectors API that allows you to store your vector embeddings. It's up to you to create those using whatever embedding model you want, probably using a bedrock model. And you can also include whatever metadata you want as well. So in addition to the actual thing you're indexing with that vector, you can also include any other metadata you might want to filter on for hybrid search approaches as well. Once that's in there, you just use Query Vectors API to actually query those vector embeddings and get the closest semantic hit to whatever it is you're looking for. And like I said, S3 manages all the complexity for you under the hood. It's going to be constantly optimizing that, and you won't have to worry about optimizing and tweaking all the dials that you have to do with OpenSearch and whatnot. By the way, that 90% cheaper metric is probably compared to OpenSearch. They don't really say, but that's my assumption. This diagram at the bottom kind of walks you through it. You just upload your vector data and any metadata as well to your vector bucket that's associated with vector index. And that can integrate directly with bedrock SageMaker, unified UI or the Amazon OpenSearch service as well. As you'll see, you can actually use S3 vectors as a back end for OpenSearch. Two. Just to make this more real, Here's what an actual put request looks like if you're using the Boto3 API. The Amazon AWS CLI, you just say put underscore vectors. You specify the bucket name that you created earlier, and the index name you created earlier, and then you shove in your vectors. So you see we have keys associated with each one to look it up by. The actual embedding vector itself is under data there. In this case there are 32 bit floating point vectors. And those vectors themselves are just an array of numbers floating point numbers and then whatever metadata you want to attach to that. So perhaps the original text that's associated with that John or information, whatever you can dream up, you can search by that as well. Also a quick note you don't have to use the aws CLI. There's also a specialized command line tool called S3 vectors embed CLI that is mentioned in the official documentation. So this is an alternative interface if you just want something simpler and purpose built. And it's in GitHub as open source. So you can just go ahead and get it from GitHub from the AWS labs repository It has a S3 vectors embed put command, and that does exactly what it sounds like on the tin. It converts your text or your images to embedding vectors using bedrock, and then stores them all in one call from the command line. And if you want to do a query, then you just say S3 vectors embed query. And that will create an embedding vector for your query using the same model, and then query your underlying S3 vector index to get the closest hits. There are a few nuances I doubt they'll appear in the exam, but if you do want to explore the GitHub repository, you can see a little preview of it on the right here. There is a little bit more depth to it, but I think that's probably all you need to know if anything. So just at a high level again, what we're doing here is generating your own vectors with embedding model and storing them. So S3 vectors itself does not create your embeddings for you. It's up to you to create those embedding vectors yourself using your favorite embedding model. And make sure that's consistent with what you're using for queries as well. And however, there is a full integration with bedrock knowledge bases. So if you don't want to think about all those details when you're creating a bedrock knowledge base, you do have the option of using a S3 vector store under the hood to back that, and in that case it will manage all this for you. You just upload your data and it worries about all the stuff under the hood. You're still going to be prompted to create your own vector bucket along the way, and we'll see that. But yeah, that's the easy way to go about it, where you really don't have to think about it. If you're just using bedrock knowledge bases and using that to integrate with bedrock agents or whatever it is that can manage all that, a little bit of complexity for you. Also, it integrates with bedrock within SageMaker Unified Studio. So if you're using bedrock within Unified Studio and SageMaker, you can also use S3 vectors in that context as well. Some more specifics about S3 vectors because it is an important component here. You might be expected to know some details on it. First of all, they are strongly consistent. So as soon as you add data to a S3 vector bucket to its index, it will be immediately queryable and immediately available. Also, as I mentioned, the vector data is automatically optimized over time, so you don't have to worry about tweaking those performance dials. It will do it for you. But what they're optimizing for is specifically price performance. So they're trying to save you money. And this is where the trade offs come into play. This is important folks. So the actual performance of an S3 vector query is only at best case scenario 100 milliseconds and worst case up to one second. They only guarantee subsecond performance. Okay, so that's the price you're paying. That's why you're getting that 90% discount there. So they would like you to use OpenSearch serverless as your vector store for bedrock knowledge bases or whatever it is for performance critical stuff. And, you know, defining performance critical as less than 100 millisecond response time. They call that a tiered search strategy. And the devil's in the details of this. So what they recommend is if you have infrequently queried vectors, maybe S3 vectors is an appropriate place for that, but for stuff that's getting hit really often, you probably want to pony up the money in the complexity of OpenSearch for that, just to get that better performance. Now, S3 vectors does have some built in connectivity with OpenSearch for that purpose, so there is a way to easily export data from S3 into OpenSearch to move data back and forth that way, but that's doing an actual copy. It's not actually linking the two together in that mode, so if you're not careful, you could end up paying for both. If you don't remember to delete that data from S3 vectors when you're done and stop querying it from S3 vectors once it's moved into OpenSearch. So again, that that is on you to make sure you're not falling into that pitfall. However, there is also a mode where you can use S3 vectors with OpenSearch as the back end, and this is not a hybrid approach. This is basically saying I want OpenSearch functionality, but I'm okay with that 100 millisecond to one second response time. So it is possible to configure an OpenSearch managed cluster. This only works with managed clusters to use S3 vectors as its back end. Okay, so that gives you OpenSearch functionality using S3 vectors as the back end. This might be useful if you have an application that was built on top of OpenSearch as its vector store. But you want to save money, and you don't really care so much about the performance implications of that. As far as its limits, they're pretty generous, so you can have up to 10,000 indices per bucket and up to 2 billion vectors per index. So that comes out to what, 2 trillion vectors per bucket? Probably more than you'll ever need. So don't worry about that part of it too much. Some recommended best practices for optimizing your S3 vectors performance. Again, important one bit of advice is to use batches when you can. So if you're inserting or deleting vectors all at once, you can have up to 500 requests per API. Call and batch them all up for better performance. That's going to be a lot faster than doing them one at a time. And if you do need to use smaller batches, use concurrent requests so they don't have to be all done in sequentially. They can be run in parallel. That way you can actually get up to the maximum request throughput of 2500 vectors per second going that route. Also, there is a throughput limit on how many operations you can do per index. So if you're going to be doing more than a few hundred per second, make sure you have a retry mechanism in place. Because if you do exceed the throughput limit on a specific index, you're going to get back a 4.29 error saying that, oh, I can't handle that, that throughput. We can't. You got to scale things back. So important to have some sort of an exponential backoff mechanism and retry mechanism. If you do hit that kind of throughput also use multiple indices when you can. A lot of these limits are per index. So having more index will improve your per index performance and also give you more performance overall. Also, if you have requirements for data isolation or multi-tenancy, multiple indices can help with those requirements as well. So if you have different types of data that are used for different applications, probably makes sense to keep them in different indices for best performance and best isolation. Also, performance trick if you have a metadata field that does not need to be filtered. Mark it as nonfilterable. If you just have some data that you need to retrieve, but you don't need to search by it. Marking that explicitly as nonfilterable will improve your performance.