So we've talked about Aurora at a high level. Why is it relevant to this exam? Well, it can also serve as a vector store. It turns out with the an extension. So it's called the PKG vector extension. Remember that. So aurora with pkg vector can turn aurora into your vector store for Rag systems or knowledge bases. What this does is create a new column type called vector of all things, and it can compute distances in one of three ways. Cosine, L2 or inner product are the choices there for the similarity matrix. It can also do similarity search with IVF for NSW, both of which we discussed earlier in the context of OpenSearch. So if you want more details, go back there. And it also adds vector operators for SQL. So this is where it adds something kind of new. So this lets it do stuff that OpenSearch can't do. So if you need to do complex filtering logic on what's coming out of your vector store, you can actually write SQL expressions that can operate on those vectors directly using the PKG vector extension, which is kind of cool. And this allows you to store your structured and vector data in the same place. So you know, you can have not just chunks of data but also structured data. Technically you could do that with JSON too, but um, a little bit more native with Amazon Aurora. So that's what the big deal is with Aurora in the context of generative AI and as a vector store. And the cool thing though is that whole SQL integration thing. So I would remember that one. This can be appropriate for a smaller medium Rag systems if you have mostly structured data. So of course Aurora is kind of a more of a monolith scaling that can be a little bit more of a challenge. But if you do have a smaller medium system and let's face it, most of us do and your data is mostly structured, this could be an appropriate choice for your vector store. So if you're choosing a vector store, aurora with pkg vector might be the answer. If you have a smaller medium Rag system with structured data.