So now let's have a look at the DynamoDB service. And DynamoDB service is going to allow us to create tables. As you can see, we can create tables, not databases because while the database is already created for us and this is a serverless offering. So we just go ahead and create tables. So the table name has to have a name, so we'll enter "Users." And then we have to define a partition key and optionally a sort key. So for partition key, I'll use "user_ID" and then we can change and type, so it could be binary, number or string, but I will leave it as string. And then we can use a sort key but I will show you this later on. So currently we'll leave it empty. Now the quick start allows you to start with a default settings and it sets some settings for you. Or you can go ahead and customize the settings but because we are learning about DynamoDB, let's go ahead and learn about custom settings. So the first thing is around table class. So it's either the DynamoDB standard which is a general purpose table class which is recommended for most use cases. But if you have data that's going to be sitting around for a long time and you're not going to have a lot of reads or writes, then DynamoDB standard IA is going to say that the data is infrequently accessed and give you some cost optimizations. But right now we'll use a default which is DynamoDB standard. Capacity calculator, we'll see this later on because we have to understand how to compute capacity in DynamoDB, but for now we don't do anything in here. And then two modes for read and write capacity on demand or provisioned, and provisioned is within the free tier. Again, we'll have a long discussion around these modes later on, but we'll use provision because it is within the free tier. Next, we have to set up the read and the write capacity and I'm going to disable auto scaling for both. So we just provision a fixed read and write capacity. And we have two capacity units within the free tier, so I'm going to set up, we have 10, sorry within the free tier. So I'm going to set up two provision capacity units for reads and two for writes. And we'll see how we make them evolve over time. We're now going to create a secondary index for now because this is something that's going to be advanced later on this course. And here we get the estimated cost for this table which is $1.32 per month. Now because we are within the free tier, you can disregard this number, okay? But if you are not within the free tier this would be how much this table would cost you per month. Then we will encrypt the data at rest using the DynamoDB key. We'll leave it like this, but we have other options. And when you're ready, you click on create table. Okay, so my table has now been created. I can click on it, and I will remove the left panel, and as we can see we get a lot of the information around our table. So around the settings for our table. So which one is the partition key, the sort key, the capacity mode, and there's some replication, date created and so on. So a lot of information, and for us, the important things is going to be around the items. So if I scroll down, there is View Items. Or if I go on the right hand side, there's also View Items. Now, as we can see, I can scan or query my table, but what I'm going to do is just create an item. So in this create item, I can choose a user ID and we need to define the partition keys. So for example, John123. And this is just a user ID, random one, we can enter whatever you want. And then we can add attributes for John123. So we can add the strength for example and the strength is going to be "first_name", and the value is going to be well, John. And then if we have a string and it's "last_name", then we can have Doe, John Doe. And as we can see, we could add many attributes as we wanted of these types. So we're good to go, we're going to just create an item. And as we can see, this could be either through a form or through adjacent document. So we'll just keep it as a form and create this item. So now this item, John Doe, is appearing in my table as we can see, we have user ID, first name and last name. So what we can do is to start adding a second item. So let's create a second item. And if I keep John123 as my value, and then I will just say Johnny as my first name, for example just to show you something, if I do so and click on create item, I'm going to have a problem because well, I'm using the same user ID as before and it has to be unique when I have just a partition key. So this does not work. Okay, so what I can do instead is I can create Alice456 and the first name is going to be Alice. We don't know her last name so we're not going to specify her last name but we know her age and her age is 41. Now, if I try to create this item something very interesting will happen. So as you can see, the request was successful. So in a RDS SQL database, you would've had a problem saying the column was not defined, some values are null, whatever, but here we're able to get John to have a first name and a last name and Alice to just have an age and a first name. So in DynamoDB, it is completely fine for you to add attributes over time, okay? The only thing that has to be non-null is the user ID, but as we can see, things gets null by default. So John has a null age and Alice has a null last name, but this is fine. So this is the power of DynamoDB, also a risk but also the power. You can add attributes over time without impacting your previous data. And this is completely fine, okay? You cannot define in DynamoDB a constraint of this column that's not been null, it just doesn't exist, okay? So we have our first table being created but it's super easy to keep on creating tables. So I go back to DynamoDB and click on "create table" we can create a second table called "UsersPosts," okay? Or "UserPosts." Okay. Now the partition key is going to be yet again user ID, but now we're going to have a sort key which is post TS for timestamp, again, of type string, binary, or number. And what we want to create here is we create a table of data, which will have the post of the users. And so again we're going to customize the settings and we're going to use provisions, we'll just use "off," and we're gonna have it two and two, and then scroll down and create this second table. So as we can see now I have two tables in my database. And again, no need to say what's happening to the table, what's the underlying database, it's really, you can create as many tables as you want within your quote unquote DynamoDB database which is done at the region level. So now let's go into UserPosts, and now we can see that there's a partition key and a sort key being defined. So if I go to view items and then I'm going to create an item, now we need to specify a user ID, for example John123 and a post timestamp. So for example, 2021,10, 09. And then you ensure that that's the correct timestamp but let's hope it is. TS, and then a time, so 123409Z. Okay. So next we need to add some content for our post. So I will say content and say, "Hello world, this is my first blog." Okay, excellent. Now let's create this item. And as you can see, now we have user ID John and post timestamped this and some contents. So now what happens if we create a second item where we can keep John123 as my user ID and for the post time stamp I'm going to just have 2021, maybe something a bit later. So 11, 04T and then again, just a random timestamp. Okay. And we're going to add a new content and say, "Second post yay!" Okay, and create this item. So as we can see, this has worked. So even though we have the same user ID, because the post timestamp was different, we were able to enter this data into my table. So the uniqueness has to be on user ID and post timestamp as a combination. And so that means that the data is partitioned by user ID. So this was, this is why John is clickable because we can query and search for John123 as my user ID. And then we can sort the data by post timestamp, okay? So it's called a sort key. So this is very, very, very handy. And as we can see, if we wanted to create one last item and this was for Alice456, again you will need to enter a post timestamp and some content and you'll be good to go. And so this is why it's super important to choose a really good partition key in these kind of moments, because if you choose a partition key that keeps on coming back, so if John123 is the only user that posts and you have 10,000 posts then the data is going to be heavily skewed toward John123. So there's something to be aware of, okay? So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.