So in the DynamoDB console, on the left-hand side, you have DAX. And DAX is not part of the free tier, so creating a DAX Cluster is not going to be free, but you can just go ahead and see the process. So you create a cluster, for example, DemoDAX and then the node family, so which kind of nodes do you want to attribute into your DAX cluster. It could be t-types or r-types. So r is memory and t is for bursting, so this is recommended for use case regarding a lower throughput, and this is for always-ready capacity, okay? Or we can compare all families, and in here, you can select the node types you want. So you want an r5.large and I have r5.4xlarge and so on or would you want to have a t2.small and so on. So in this example, I'll take a t2.small and then the cluster size. So do you want 1 up to actually 11 nodes, so they keep on increasing the capacity. Three is going to give you a multi AZ setup, right, but one is going to be good for example, just one AZ or for development. But if you have one or two nodes, you might experience reduced availability, okay? So let's go ahead with one node. I'm just going to go ahead and create this for you, but you don't have to go ahead because this will cost you some money. Now the subnet group is, which subnet group do you want to associate it with? So demosubnetgroup, so this has to live within a specific subnet group and in a VPC, so you choose your VPC ID and then you choose the subnets you want to have. Obviously, three subnets means you can have three nodes and be in a highly available setup. Access control, so what is a security group to access your DAX cluster and you need to open up port 8111, okay, or 9111 if you do in-transit encryption. So we need to go ahead and create a security group from the EC2 console. But right now, I'll keep it simple and just use the default security group, just to show you the process. And then AZ allocation, do you want to have automatic or do you want to spread your nodes manually? So we'll keep it as automatic. Next, for IAM permissions, so you need to provide an IAM Service role that will give the DAX cluster access to DynamoDB. And so therefore, we are just going to create this IAM role called DAXtoDynamoDB, and the policy will be created. We'll provide read/write rights and we're going to give access to all tables, but we could obviously limit some tables if we needed to. Then we're going to encrypt data in transit and at rest on our DAX cluster, so this is good. And then for parameter groups, we're going to choose the existing one, so this one. And we could, on the left-hand side, define some more parameters, thanks to parameter groups. So this is going to basically tell how long to cache the items, thanks to the time-to-live, and what's the query time-to-live as well. So this is what settings you have as part of the parameter group. But by default, the 1.0 is giving you five minutes of TTL on both item time and query time. Okay, the maintenance window, so obviously DAX will be occasionally patched and upgraded, and so this is why it's good to have a multi AZ kind of setup. And so you can say no preference or specify your time window, your tags, and then you're good to go. You can review it and create your cluster. So my DAX cluster is now created, and let's have a look. So the important thing I want you to look at is here there is a cluster endpoint, and this is the endpoint your application should leverage to just leverage the DAX feature. Now we can have a look at the nodes, so we can have a look at the node types, how many vCPU per node, memory, and so on. So we can add nodes over time if we wanted to, but as we can see, we cannot change the node types, okay? And we need to create a new DAX cluster if you wanted to. We can have some monitoring, so we can do alarms and metrics around whether or not the cache is being used correctly, so cache hits, cache misses, for items and queries, CPU utilization, and so on. So this is very, very handy to see if DAX is effective for you. Events, to monitor the events of your database, as well as settings if you wanted to modify some settings such as a parameter group, network configuration, security configuration, maintenance window, and tags, okay? So that's it for DAX. I hope you liked it. Now I'm just going to delete this cluster including all the CloudWatch alarms, and I will see you in the next lecture.