Welcome back. We've now been through most of the functionalities around Unity Catalog that you need to understand as a Data Engineer. So let's try and put some of these into practice by implementing a small project. I want to keep it small so that we're focusing more on the concepts rather than the project itself, as we've already done a reasonably complex project. By now, you will be familiar with the different layers of data storage within a Data Lake House Architecture. In the earlier lessons we had raw, processed and presentation layers. Databricks recent literature uses the terms Bronze, Silver and Gold. So I'm using that here, but they are effectively the same thing, so please don't get confused. Our objective in this project is to take the files, drivers and results from our Formula1 project and use them as the source. As you know, both files are in JSON format. We want to upload them into the bronze layer without any changes and create external tables on them to process further. We then want to do simple transformations on these files and also convert them into delta format for storing in the silver layer as managed tables. From there, we want to join the drivers with results to identify the number of wins for each driver and store the result in Delta format in the gold layer as Managed table. We also want to have a workflow to execute all of these notebooks in a schedule. As you can see, it's quite simple, but it will help us implement most of the functionalities we've seen around Unity Catalog so far. Let's go through the steps that we need to follow for implementing the project. The first step is to identify the storage account, create the required containers and upload the data required for our project. I would like to keep the Data Lake separate from the default storage, so we'll use the external data lake that we created as part of the external location lesson. We need three containers Bronze, Silver and Gold, also, we need to upload the files, drivers.json and results.json into the Bronze container. You may already have the files from the earlier lessons, but I'll make sure that they are available as part of resources in this section of the course as well. As we know, we already have a storage credential that gave us access to this storage account, but we only created an external location that gave us access to the demo container. We now have three more containers Bronze, Silver and Gold. So we will also need the corresponding external locations. Previously we used the user interface to create the external location. But in this section we will use SQL statements as that's what you're more likely to be using in the industry. I would like to create a separate catalog for this project called Formula1_dev. We also need the schemas for each of the storage layers, namely Bronze, Silver and Gold. Again, we will use SQL statements rather than the UI to give you real world experience. We are going to do the entire project using Spark SQL. So we'll create external tables for both drivers and result files in the bronze layer in the next step. We then want to create a notebook to transform the data required for the silver layer and write the data in Delta format. We'll keep the transformations as simple as possible for this lesson, we'll simply rename some of the columns to be consistent. Also, add a new column called Ingestion date to each of the tables and populate with current timestamp. For the Silver tables, we'll use Managed tables. We also want the data for this Managed table to be written to the new container called Silver that we created in the first step. We then want to create another notebook to join the two silver tables, drivers and results and calculate the number of wins by each driver and just write the driver name and the number of wins to a Dold table called driver_wins. Again, this table will be a managed table and the data will be written to the gold container in the external Data Lake. Once we are happy with this, we will create a workflow that executes the three notebooks in sequence. This will simply take the data all the way through the three layers. With this, we would have a mini project running on a schedule end to end using Unity Catalog. I hope by now you are familiar with all of these concepts, so please feel free to create this project yourself. But I'll also take you through this project step by step in the coming lessons. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.