Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to create the storage containers, Bronze, Silver and Gold in the External Data Lake storage that we already created. We'll then upload the files, drivers.json and results.json to the Bronze container and then we'll create the corresponding external locations in Unity Catalog. Let's switch over to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure Portal. I'm in the resource group that we created for Learning Unity Catalog, which is databricks course ucrg. And as we said before, we want to use this storage account here, which is databricks course ucextdl, which is our External Data Lake and let's navigate to the Data Lake now and let's go over to containers under storage and we want to create the three containers. The first one is Bronze, and then we want to create Silver and Gold as well. Let's do that first. So we've got the containers created now and we want to upload the files, drivers.json and results.json into the Bronze container. So let's browse into the bronze container and let's click upload to upload the files. I've got them in my local machine. I'll make those files available for you as part of resources in the course as well in this lesson. So let me browse to my files and I've got them under the downloads folder. I'm simply going to select the two files drivers.json and results.json and click open to upload the files. So the files are now uploaded. The next step is to create the external location. So in order to do that, we need to navigate to the Databricks workspace. So let's go over to the Databricks workspace and let's create a new notebook. Again, I'm going to organize my files, so I'm going to create a new folder for this section of the course. So I'm going to call this one as unity catalog mini project, and then I'll put the files in there. And let's create a new notebook here. So I'm going to rename this notebook to 1.create external location, because that's what it's doing. And let's change the default language to SQL because we're going to be writing most of our code in SQL. Let me show you the documentation for creating external location and we should be able to copy the SQL statement from there. So let me go over to my documentation and here it is. I'll leave a link for the documentation in the course resources as well. And this is the SQL statement that we can use to create the external location. So let me copy that and paste it in my notebook and I'll talk you through that. As we said before, an external location is basically an object that combines the storage credential with the storage account container. You basically need a name for the external location here and the path to the storage container for which you're creating the external location here and the storage credential that gives us the access to the storage account here. So these are the three pieces of information we need. So let me give a name for our external location. I'm going to call this one as databricks course ucexddl_bronze. All I'm doing here is I'm combining the name of the storage account and the container to create an external location so that's a bit more meaningful. You follow your own naming standards, but that's what I'm going to do. And in the second line we need to provide the URL for the storage account container. As you can see, it uses the abfs protocol. So we need to start with the container name. In our case, the container name is bronze and we need the name of the storage account, which is databricks course ucexddl, let me copy that and paste it here. And it will be dfs.core.windows.net and we don't have a subfolder within that one. So we can just simply remove that. And we also have a storage credential that gives us access to the storage account. So let's put that in here. So I'm going to just change that to storage credential and we need to replace this with the name of the storage credential. So let's go with to our data hub and copy the storage credential name and paste it there. So I'm going to go over to external data and storage credentials, and this is the name of the storage credential, so I'm going to simply copy that. And let's go back to our notebook. And I'm going to simply paste it here. So that's all you need to do in order to create the external location. So I'm simply going to execute that. Now I've got an error here. That's because I've used special characters within my storage credential name. I've used a hyphen, instead of using an underscore, I can get around it by using a backtick, but it is better to use underscores rather than hyphens. So I'm using backticks to quote the storage credential name. Please note that it is not a single quote, it's a backtick. So if you have hyphens or any special characters in your storage credential name, use that. Otherwise just simply use the name of the storage credential here. So let me execute that. And the external location is now created. If you now go over to the data menu from the sidebar, you should be able to see the external location in the Data Explorer. So I'm going to go over to external data and external locations. As you can see, we've got a new location here called databricks course ucexddl_bronze. So I can test connection to the external location as well. And they succeeded for all permissions, which is read, write, a list and delete as well. So let me click Close here. If you wanted to describe the external location from the SQL Command, rather than coming here, you can do that as well. So let me go over to the notebook and I may as well quickly show you. So that will be describe external location and then you specify the name of the external location and that will give you all the information as well. So as you can see here, that's the name of the external location and that's the URL that we've used. So let's see whether we are able to access the external location from here. Again, I'm going to use the file system utility from Databricks utilities to access my folder path there. So let me do that. And this time I'm going to use %fsls and then I'm going to use the abfs path here. And as you can see, it's listed the two files here, which is drivers and results. So that means we are successfully able to access our files within this external location. So now that we've successfully created the external location for our Bronze container, let's do the same thing for the Silver and Gold. And that's been created. So with that, we've successfully created the external location for all three of our containers here. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.