In this lesson, we are going to create the catalogs and schemas in the Unity Catalog. I appreciate that, I'd already given you an introduction to these objects in the last section of the course, but there are a couple of things I want to reiterate before we go ahead and create them. The first thing we want to go over is the difference between External and Managed tables when it comes to the create table statement. What do you think is the type of table created in this SQL statement? As you can see, it has the path specified in the create table statement. So it creates an External table, Unity Catalog only manages the metadata for this table. So dropping this table doesn't have any effect on the underlying files and they'll be left alone. How about this statement? This statement does not have the path specified, so the table will be of type managed. In this case, Unity catalog manages both the metadata and the data for this table. So when you drop the table, the table will be dropped and the data will also be deleted after the retention days, which is usually 30 days. So now you may ask where is the data stored for this managed table as we have in specified the path for this table? You may remember that we assigned a default storage container for the Metastore when we created it. By default, this is where the data will be stored. You can change that by specifying a manage location for the catalog or the schema. They're optional and by default they are not assigned. Now the question becomes where is the data stored?, if we assign the manage location for both the catalog and the schema? The answer is that if we have the manage location for the schema that takes precedence and that will be used otherwise, Unity Catalog will look for the manage location in the catalog and if there is one assigned that will be used. If neither of them are assigned, then the default storage from the metastore will be used. You may ask what is the best approach? Where do we specify the manage location? I personally prefer keeping data for each of the schemas in separate containers or folders in the Data Lake. This helps me with architectural decisions such as capacity planning, for example, it's a lot easier to identify the size of a processing layer such as bronze, silver or gold when you keep the data separate. Also, any kind of migration also becomes a lot easier. There might be use cases for which you may want to keep the data together in one container at the catalog level, but I haven't come across them, so I always tend to use the manage location for the schema and that's what we'll be doing for this project. In our project we have three layers bronze, silver and gold. We have only external tables in the bronze layer and the managed tables are both in silver and gold layers. So we'll create a catalog called Formula1 dev and we'll create three schemas in the catalog called Bronze, Silver and Gold. We'll assign the manage location for all three of these schemas. I appreciate that, we don't need a manage location for our bronze schema as it only contains external tables, but it is a good practice to assign a manage location for that too, in case we create any managed tables in the future. Also, as we discussed, we don't need a manage location for the catalog as all our schemas are going to have manage location. I hope you now have a good understanding about catalogs and schemas and how manage locations play a role within them. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and create them. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. I'm going to create a new notebook for this lesson and I'm going to call this one as 2.create catalog_schemas. Let's create the catalog first. It's quite simple. It is create catalog and then you can say, if not exist, just to make it runnable and you specify the name of the catalog. We want to call this one as Formula1_dev. And let's execute that. So the catalogs are now created. So now we need to create the schemas. We want to create the schemas within this catalog, which is Formula one underscore dev. So if we write the create schema statements here now, it will be created within the current catalog. As you know from previous lessons, current catalog by default is normally hive_metastore. So we want to switch to this catalog so that we will be creating schemas within this catalog. So you can use the USE catalog command to do that. So I'm going to do that. So which will be use catalog and then the name of the catalog. So now our current catalog is Formula1_dev and we can write the statements to create the schemas now. So let's start with the bronze schema. So again, it's going to be create schema if not exists and you can specify the name of the schema which will be bronze, but this time we don't want to create the schema without the manage location, we want to create it with the manage location. So in order to do that, you specify the managed location here. And we need to specify the location of the container. So again, you need to use the ABS protocol. So let's use abss://, and then the container we want to use is bronze and the storage account is databricks course ucexdddl, let's specify that. And we need to give dfs.core.windows.net, so that's all we need to give. So let me execute this command. And the schema is now created. So if I go over to the data menu from the sidebar and if I navigate to the formula1 dev catalog, as you can see, we got a new catalog called formula1 dev now and if you go into that, you will see the bronze schema and I can see the bronze schema here. And if you go over to details, you will be able to see the manage location. As you can see, the storage location for this schema is the bronze container within our External Data Lake. Again, within that storage location, it creates a subfolder called unity storage and another subfolder called schemas, and it gives the GU Id of this schema here. So now that we've created the schema for bronze, let's do the same for our silver and the gold schemas. And if I execute the command show schemas, I should be able to see all these three schemas here. Let me run that. And as you can see, apart from the default and the information schema, we've got the three schemas that we've created, which is Bronze, Gold and Silver. So we've now successfully created the catalog and created the three schemas with the manage location. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.