Welcome back. In this lesson, we will create the external tables for the drivers.json and the results.json files in the Bronze schema. Let's switch over to the Azure Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. I've already created a notebook for this lesson and called it as create bronze tables and let's start working on that. So the first thing we want to do is to create the table so it will be create table if not exists. And then you specify the name of the table here. As you know, we are working with Unity Catalog here, so we need to use the three level namespace. So we need the catalog name first, which will be formula1_dev and we need to specify the name of the schema which will be bronze and we need the name for a table. So I'm going to call this table simply as drivers and we need to specify the columns here and the data types. You're already familiar with the columns and the data types in this file and the results file, so I'm not going to repeat everything. I'm going to simply paste the data type and the column names here and now we need to specify the file format, which is JSON. And finally, the important thing is we need to specify the path because it is an external table. So I'm going to simply specify the path here. And as you know, our file is in the Bronze container in the external Data Lake. So let me copy the details from here and paste it here. And within that container we've got the file called Drivers dot JSON. So that's everything we need to do. And if we execute this statement, it should create the table. So the table is now created. If you go over to the data Explorer, you should be able to see the table in here. So if I'm going on the bronze schema, I can see the table drivers and you will be able to see some sample data as well. And as you can see, we've got some sample data and this one is not shown properly. That's because that's a struct with the forename and the surname. So we got everything here and if you go over with the details, you will see that the table type is external and the data is in this storage location, which is the bronze container in this Data Lake, and the name of the file is drivers.json. So that's brilliant. So let's go over to the notebook again and I'm going to simply make this as rerunnable because we're going to run this in a workflow later on. I want to be able to rerun the workflow again and again. So let me just do a drop statement at the beginning. So now the notebook is rerunnable. If the table exists, then we'll drop it and then we'll recreate it. So let me rerun this again just to make sure everything looks okay. And that looks fine actually. So let me do the same for the results file. I'm going to simply copy everything and then change drivers to results. And the only other thing I need to change is the column names and the data types. So let me copy that over to here as well. So I'm going to simply remove what I got in here and paste what I have. So this is the results table. As you can see, it's got result Id, race Id and things like that. We're only interested in a couple of columns, which we'll look at later. So let me execute this statement. And that's executed fine. Let's go over to the Data Explorer and make sure we've got the table as well. So under Bronze, I've got the results table and I should be able to see the data. So that's brilliant. We've created the two external tables that we wanted to create here under the Bronze layer. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.