Welcome back. In this lesson, we will create all the managed tables required for both Silver and the Gold layers. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. I've got a new notebook for this lesson to create the Silver Tables, and I've also got another one for Gold Tables. So this one is called 4.create silver tables. And let's start right in the create table statement. And we need to specify the three level namespace here. So I'll start with the catalog name, which is formula1_dev, and this time we want to create the table in the silver layer, which is silver schema, and we want to give a name for the table. Again, I'm going to call this as drivers. As you know, we're not doing much transformation here. We are simply going to take the data from the bronze layer, rename a couple of columns, and we're going to just create a manage table here and which will be in Delta format. So I've got the create table statement here and I'm going to do a create table as and then select the data from the Bronze layer. And as you know, we're not going to do many transformations, I'm simply going to rename a couple of columns. I'll show you what I'm doing. So this is what I'm going to do. The driver Id, I'm going to rename that to driver_Id, driver reference driver_ reference. This is kind of what we did earlier in the lessons, but at that time we used PySpark rather than SQL. And again, as you can see, we are concatenating the forename and the surname to create a single name. And finally we are populating a new column called Ingestion Date with the current timestamp and all of the data will be read from our bronze table. So it is quite simple. So this is a CTA statement, we are creating a table with the selection of data from another table. That's that's all it is. And if you execute this, it will create the silver table with the data from the bronze table just to make it runnable like we always do. Let's add a drop statement as well here. And let me execute this. So the query has successfully executed now. But you may notice a couple of things here. One is we haven't specified the file format here. And as we discussed before, the default file format within Databricks is Delta, and also for managed tables only Delta format is currently supported. So the table that's created will have a Delta format. We'll have a look at that in a minute. And the other thing is, as we discussed previously, we don't specify a path for the managed tables and the path is either taken from the schema or the catalog or the default storage for the Metastore. In this case, we specified the path for the schema, so that should be taken from the schema. Let's go over to the data explorer and see what happened. So as you can see, under the silver schema, we've got the drivers table here and the columns looks okay. And let's have a look at the sample data. And the sample data looks fine. We've got the new column with the ingestion date and the names have been concatenated to create a full name here. And the details is the interesting one. And as you can see, the table type is managed. So we got a managed table now. And also the storage location for this data is under the silver container within our external storage account that we created or the Data Lake that we created. And within that it creates a folder called Unity Storage. And under that, again, under the folder called schemas, and then you've got a GU Id here to hold the table data. So let's go over to the storage account and have a look at the data ourselves. So I'm going to go back to the Azure portal and we want to go to the silver container. So I'm in my external Data Lake, as you can see here. And let me navigate to the silver container. And within that we've got a Unity storage folder and we should have a folder called schemas. And within that we've got a folder with the GU Id and then we've got the table and again a GU Id for the table and the data is here. So as we discussed before, this is a Delta table with the Delta Log here and the format is Parquet. So Delta, as you know, internally stores the data in Parquet format with the Delta Log. So everything looks as we expect to see. So let's go back to the Databricks workspace and create the other table as well, which is our results table. So I'm going to simply copy this and make the changes for results. And then I'll just add the columns as well. So let me replace the column names here with the results a file column names, and that's everything we needed to do. So let me execute that. And that should create the results table in our silver schema as well. And if we go over to the Data Explorer, we should be able to see that within our schema as well. So everything here looks as we expect to see. So let's now go over to the notebook for Gold tables and create the Gold table. So I'm here on the gold one. This one here, we got a bit of logic, but our focus here is not the logic itself, our focus is Unity Catalog. So I'm not going to spend a lot of time going through how we join the two tables and things like that. I've already pre prepared the SQL, so let me show you that and then I'll walk you through that. So as we did with the other script, I've got the drop table if exists and then I'm dropping the gold table here and again on the create table, we're using the three level namespace, which is schema. Sorry, it's catalog.schema.table name. And this is the important bit where we're joining two tables, so we've got the drivers table here and I've used the alias D for that and I'm joining that to the results table with the alias of R, and we're using the condition driver Id to join the two tables because both tables have got the Id of the driver. So we can use that to join the two tables. And our objective here is to find only the driver who won the race. So if a driver won the race, his position on the race results will be one. So with the WHERE condition here, we would have every driver who won each of the races. But now we want to find the total number of races the driver has won. So in order to do that, you can group by on the driver name and then we do a count of the number of drivers, number of wins, I'm sorry. So we got the driver name and the number of wins here and that's what we want to get out of this. So if I quickly comment out these, I can show you the results before we create the tables. So let me execute this statement. I'm going to simply take out this as well. So as you can see, we've got the name of the driver and the number of wins. You can just sort that by any order you wanted. The data looks okay. So let's do a CTA statement to create that table in our Gold layer. So let me quickly run that. And we've created the Gold table now so I can run a select statement on the Gold table and do an order by to get the data in the descending order of number of wins. So let's have a look at the data as well just to make sure it's okay, so everything looks okay from the Gold table here. And let's now go over to the Data Explorer, make sure the data looks okay, so I'm going to go into the formula1_dev catalog, under Gold, we should see the driver wins. And if you go over to the details, you will see that is a managed table and the data is written to the location, we expected it to be written, which is the Gold container within the external Data Lake. So all of that looks okay. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.