Now that we've created all the notebooks in this lesson, we'll create a workflow to execute them. There is not much difference between creating a workflow with or without Unity catalog, but we'll create one here just so I can demonstrate data lineage capability offered by Unity Catalog. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's go over to Workflows from the sidebar and click Create a Job, and I'm going to call this job as wf process f1 data. And we need to give a name for the task as well. So the name I'm going to give is create bronze tables. And the type of task is not work and our notebook is in the workspace. So we can leave this as they are. And let's pick the notebook from here. And that's under the Databricks Course folder and Unity catalog mini project, and the one we want to execute is create bronze tables. So let's click confirm. And for the cluster, we don't want to keep the job cluster because we might not have enough cores available. So let's use the one that we created with the single node cluster. So let me pick that one. And we haven't got any dependent libraries, parameters or anything like that, so we can leave them as they are. And let's click Create. So that task is now created and let's add the other ones as well. So I'm going to create these silver tables here and just click on the plus button here and pick notebook because that's the task we are executing. And again, we're going to call this one as Create Silver Tables. And let's pick the notebook from the path here. And again, let's change the cluster to our cluster that we already created, but this time it's already populated the dependency as bronze tables. So the silver tables task will execute only after the bronze table task has completed. And that's what we want to happen. So let's leave everything else as they are. And again, click Create task. So that's created as well. We got one more task to create and let's click on the plus button here and click notebook again. And this time I'm going to call this one as Create Gold Tables and let's do exactly what we did for the Notebook and let's pick that from our folder here. And again, let's change the cluster to our cluster and the dependency looks okay. It's going to run after the silver tables and let's click Create task. So with that, we've created the three tasks within our workflow and they'll be executed in the sequence, we expect them to be executed. We can also add a trigger to schedule them, but we're just going to keep it simple, and let's click Run now to execute the workflow now. And let's look at the run. And they are executing now. So the workflow has now completed, all three tasks have successfully completed as well. And let's go back to jobs and this is the workflow that we created. And as you can see, we've got one successful execution here. As I said before, there is not much difference between creating a workflow with or without Unity catalog, but Unity Catalog offers additional features. As you can see here, we got the Lineage. Lineage is offered only by Unity catalog, If you have a workspace which is not enabled with Unity catalog, you won't be able to see this. So this information tells you that there are five upstream tables for this workflow and it produces three downstream tables as well. And that's quite good information. We won't delve too deep into lineage here. In the next lesson, I'll take you through Data Lineage in detail. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.