So now that we have created the stack, we want to update it. And the only way to update a CloudFormation stack if we click on update is to replace the current template. Or if you wanna say use the current template, is going to just use the same as it was, but you cannot modify it. So we want to replace the current template with a new one. And so for this, let's go into our code and let's go to one EC2 with SG-EIP-YAML. And this one is actually an update over the previous one. So we have created a new template and we've added a lot of things that we're going to learn about in this course. But we have a parameter. We have the resources of the EC2 instance, which has more parameters, so it has security groups attached to it. And so we are referencing security groups that are being created later on. So before that, we also have an elastic IP, which is attached to my EC2 instance, and then one security group here and a second security group here. So we will have a look at these in greater detail later on. So don't need to look at it too much, but you can start to have a look and see if you can read these transformation templates. The idea is that things are changing, so let's upload a template file and we're going to choose one with SG-EIP.YAML. So we click on next and we are prompted with a parameter being called security group description. This is coming straight from this, so we are going to have to enter, "This is a cool security group" and you can enter whatever you want here. I just wanna show you the effect of this in a second. Let's click on next. And we scroll down next and we have a look at the summary. So we're going to specify now stack details with a new security group description. And at the bottom we have access to a change set preview. So a change set represents a list of things that is going to change as part of your CloudFormation updates. And as we can see here, four things are going to happen. The first one is that it will be added, a elastic IP. It will be added an SSH security group of type security group, a server security group of type security group. And finally, my instance, which was my EC2 instance from before is going to be replaced, replacement true. That means that the previous one is going to be terminated and the new one will be created to replace it. Sometimes you will have replacement false, which means that the resource can have a change in place. And that is for CloudFormation to define and to say based on the changes you've operated. And of course if you're not happy with it, you can try to understand why there is a replacement and change your code and hopefully get the outcome you want. But here now we have replacement true. So let's submit this. And as you can see now in the same stack, we now have an update in progress. So we refresh and the first two things that are happening is that we have a server security group and an SSH security group being created. And then after this we have my EC2 instance that is going to be updated and it says the requested update requires the creation of a new physical resource, hence creating one. This is due to replacement true. And so what we can observe is that if you go to EC2 instances and refresh, so let's remove this filter. Now we have access to the previous instance and then this new instance that is being created. That's why it's in the standing state, which is going to replace the previous one. So now it is in the running states. So back into CloudFormation, I'm going to refresh this. As you can see the new resource has been created. Now we have the elastic IP being created. So create in progress. And if we have a look at on the left hand side, the elastic IP, we're going to find that this elastic IP that has been created. And if we have a look at the tags of this elastic IP, as you can see it has again been tagged. So it has a logical ID, a stack ID and a stack name in its stack. So all of this is done automatically by CloudFormation. And so if you refresh, and as you can see, this elastic IP is going to be attached to my EC2 instance, and the previous one is going to be deleted because it is a replacement. So back in here, let's refresh. As you can see, this one is shutting down and being terminated and the one that was created, if we have a look at the public IP, it is right here and it corresponds to this elastic IP address. As you can see, if we look at the summary of this, this elastic IP has an associated instance ID, which is the one that was created by CloudFormation. So this is extremely powerful. Of course, we can go to security and have a look that yes, indeed two security groups have been attached to my EC2 instance, and we can have a look at them both. So one and two in here. So this first one is the SSH security group and has an inbound rule on port 22. And if you have a look at the tags, well again, it has been tagged by CloudFormation as expected. And if we have a look at the second one, this server security group, then we have more rules, SSH, and HTP. And on top of it, if we look at the description of this group, it says "This is a cool security group." So the parameter that we put actually helped us write at runtime the description of this security group. And that's the whole power of parameters. So back into my CloudFormation stack, I can refresh, I'm at update complete. And if I have a look at my resources, we now have four resources that we just looked at under my CloudFormation stack. The parameter we set from before, which was "This is a cool security group," got inserted as the security group description for this one security group. And we've seen the whole power of doing updates through CloudFormation. Again, nothing was done manually. The template was updated and uploaded. And then here we go. CloudFormation figured out how to get to the final states. Now to clean up CloudFormation, you could right click here and terminate your instance, but then it's going to be a problem because your security groups are still going to be here. Your elastic IP is still going to be here and so on. So how do we clean up? Well, actually from CloudFormation you can click on delete and to delete a stack. This will delete all the stack resources and this will clean up everything that was created by CloudFormation. So I'm going to do it right now. Now we have a delete in progress, and if you have a look at your events, again, my elastic IP is being deleted. Then the next thing being deleted is my EC2 instance. So if I refresh this now, it's shutting down. And then finally we will have our security groups. And the cool thing about it is that CloudFormation was able to determine on its own the order of which it should delete things, which is very handy. So from CloudFormation you'll see how to create, how to update, and how to delete all resources within a stack. And hopefully that is a good intro to the power of CloudFormation. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.