So what if you lose an SSH key pair? How do you regain access into your EC2 instance? There are so many methods, and I'm going to show you a few of them. So the number one is to use the EC2 User Data. So how does that work? Well, we lost a key pair, so we're going to create a new key pair and then we copy the public key. So as we can see, the old key pair is blue on my EC2 instance, and now the new public key pair is green. So we stop the instance, and then we update the EC2 User Data. And it turns out that if you're using the cloud-conflict format for the EC2 user data, which looks like this, this actually gets run at every start of your EC2 instance. And if you notice what I've done in this EC2 user data, I've added a name and I've added an SSH authorized keys in there. So we are telling the EC2 instance that the next time it starts, it looks up the EC2 user data and actually creates a new username and adds an SSH authorized key. So then we start the instance, and then what's going to happen is that by looking up the EC2 user data, then the added public key is going to be in that specific file, and then we can simply SSH into the EC2 instance. So please note that this method only adds authorized keys. It doesn't delete any existing public keys. And then once you're done with this one time setup of EC2 User Data, you can just delete it so that's the EC2 instance doesn't write a new key every time it boots up. So that's technique number one. Technique number two is to use Systems Manager. So you need to have an EC2 instance with the SSM agent installed and the proper IAM Role. And then from the Systems Manager Console, we can run an automation, such as AWSSupport-ResetAccess, and this automation is going to create a new key pair, so a public key and a private key. It's going to store automatically that private key into the parameter store, and then is going to store the corresponding public key on the EC2 instance. So you as a user, then you go into the Parameter Store, you retrieve the private key, you delete obviously the entry in Parameter Store, and then you can directly SSH onto your instance. So this works both for Linux and Windows. And this is where the private key is going to be stored in the Parameter Store. And for this, as I said, you need to have the SSM agent installed with the correct IAM Role on the EC2 instance. Another method is to use the EC2 Instance Connect Service. So for this, we need to have the Instance Connect agent, and this is already happening on Amazon Linux 2 or Ubuntu 16 or later. And then it's going to connect to the EC2 instance using the EC2 Instance Connect Service temporarily. And then we're going to edit that SSH authorized keys file, and we're going to write a new SSH public key in there. So let's summarize it. So we're going to launch the EC2 Instance Connect Service to go and actually be SSH into our EC2 instance, and then we're going to actually write the new key in the SSH authorized keys. And therefore we can directly connect to the instance using our own computer. You can also use the EC2 Serial Console. So this is when you don't have a working network connection for whatever reason, and this is only for Nitro-based EC2 instances. Remember, you need to enable the EC2 Serial Console at the account level before using it, okay? But it's very simple. You connect using the Serial Console, and then using the terminal, you just store the new key, the new public key, in the SSH authorized key file. And, of course, if you don't have network connectivity, you should also fix that. Okay, let's observe one last method to connect to an EC2 instance with a last key pair. So this technique is called the EBS Volume Swap. So we know that the authorized keys file is on the file on the EBS route volume of our EC2 instance. And so what we can do is that we can create again a new private key and a new public key, so a key pair. We stop the original EC2 instance, then we detach the EBS root volume, and we're going to create a new EC2 instance. And on that new EC2 instance, what we're going to do is that we're going to attach the EBS volume of the previous instance. So now the new EC2 instance has two volumes, the primary one and then the secondary one, which was attached from the previous instance. So we can SSH easily onto the new EC2 instance because it's been set up correctly and we haven't lost that key. Then by going into that EC2 instance, we can modify on the second volume, the authorized key file, to just add whatever entry we need. And then we can just detach okay the volume, reattach it onto the previous EC2 instance, which will now have the correct public key written into the authorized key files, and then restart the instance in SSH and we're good to go. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.