Now let's have a look at the inventory feature of SSM. So this is used to collect metadata from your managed instances, and it could be EC2 or On-premises. And the metadata can include many things such as the installed software, the OS drivers, some configurations. If you install updates and running services. It creates an inventory of what's happening on your managed instances. So you can view this data in the console of AWS, or you can store it for example, in S3 and you could query and analyze it using Athena for serverless. And QuickSight, if you want to build some dashboards around it. So you can specify the metadata collection interval, could be minutes, hours, and days. And then you could also gather all this data from multiple accounts into one account, and then you can query it from a central place. And finally, you can create a custom inventory if you wanted to, for example. The replication of each managed instance, if you wanted to. So let's have a look at how inventory works in the console. Okay, so on the left hand side, let's scroll down and let's find the inventory. So in here we are in inventory and as we can see the managed instances with inventory enabled are currently three disabled. So we need to enable inventory for my instances. So for this, I'm going to click here to enable inventory on all instances, and to set up this inventory request succeeded. I click on view details and I'm taken into state manager. And state manager is something that we'll see in a second. But it is a way for you to apply state to your different instances to make sure that they are all in the same state. And obviously the state we want our three instances to be in is in a state that allows us to gather the software inventory. So if you look at the targets, as we can see all the instance IDs are being applied to this state manager execution, okay? And if we look at the execution history right now, it is still pending, so I can click on it and as we can see, one managed instance currently has had the association of getting its inventory gathered, but the other two are still pending. Okay, so one is a success and I'm waiting for the other two to be done. And while this is happening, well, let's have a look at what state manager is. So state manager is used to automate the process of keeping your managed instances, in a state that you define. And a use case could be to bootstrap instances with software or to patch operating system and software updates on a schedule. And you have to create what's called an association. So you define the state that you want your instances to be in, for example, the one we just did is that we want the state of the instances that are to be monitored and gathered information by the inventory. And another example could be for example, that you must close the port 22, no matter what or that an antivirus must be installed on your EC2 instances. And then you specify a schedule at which this association and this configuration is going to be applied. And to what leverage a state manager, you use SSM documents and you create an association. For example, you can create a document to CloudWatch agent. So state manager is to ensure that your fleet of instances are all in a state that you desire. Now back in here, as we can see, my three managed instances are in the success state. So if I go back into systems manager on the left hand side have a look at my inventory, as we can see now, three instances have the inventory enabled for them, which is great. And now that we have a look at this where we can have a look, for example, at the instance coverage per type, okay? And more importantly, we can look at the top OS versions. So Amazon Linux 2 is used by three instances right now, we don't have any custom inventory types so this is not shown here. We can look at the top five applications because all my instances use the same AMI, it's not going to be very interesting, but we can see some applications installed on my instances. But imagine a fleet of so many different AMIs, thousands of EC2 instances, it's going to be very helpful for you to get an inventory of all of that, obviously. But more importantly, if I go up and look at the details, we can have a look at the detailed data so we can create inventory Resource Data Syncs, okay? For this, I will just call it DemoSync, and then we need to type a bucket name so to send the data into a single bucket. So I'll call it demo-ssm-inventory-stephane, and in this region, and then creates. So we need to first create this bucket. So let's go into Amazon S3, set up S3. Then I will go to my bucket, I will create a bucket, here's my bucket name, and then create this bucket. We're good to go, so now back here, I can create this and there's an access to that so we need to make sure that there is enough permissions for SSM to sync my data into my S3 bucket. And for this, we need to probably add a bucket policy. So let's find the the bucket policy right here, so this is an example of the policy itself. So we are going to copy this, okay? And now into my managed console, I'm going to have a look at my bucket I just created so demo-ssm-inventory-stephane, and for permissions under bucket policy, I will edit it and it will paste this policy. Now, I do you need to change a few things so I need to copy the name of my bucket right here and paste it instead of DOC-EXAMPLE-BUCKET in here, as well as in here. And as we allow bucket prefix, we don't have any so we'll remove this and then account ID equals and then I need to specify the account ID of my accounts, which is right here so I will paste my account ID, and we should be good to go. So I will delete this, delete this, and delete the last column, and now we're good to go in terms of permissions on my bucket policy. So let's save the changes and let's see if the error now fixed. So create and maybe let's make the permission a little bit more permissive. So keep on trying until this works, as they say. So I will just say that you're allowed to write anywhere and that probably helps me a little bit. So, okay let's save these changes. So now the permission is to allow the SSM service to put an object anywhere in my bucket, like in here it creates, and we're good to go. So the resource data sync was successfully created. So now we can look at this resource data sync itself, and this will be using in the backend Athena to query my data into my Amazon S3 bucket, okay? So we're waiting for Athena to run this query for me, and then I'll be able to see all the installed software on my EC2 instances. Okay, so this took about five minutes to populate. Okay, but now in the inventory type, I can have a look at AWS application, and this is going to show me a list of all the applications installed on my EC2 instances. For example, we can have a look at the version, the architecture, the summary, the package ID, the publisher, the release, that URL, as well as the name and so on. So you can do a lot of different things. And we see we have over eight, nine pages of the results. So it can be quite tricky. And if you wanted to run advanced queries, you could click here and this will take you into the Athena and in Athena you can run queries as you want on your inventory, okay? So that's it, we've seen state manager at a high level and we've seen inventory and I will see you in the next lecture.