Hi everyone. Before we get started and create the API management on the portal, let's talk a little bit about what is the API management at first place? In my opinion, API management is one of the important services in Azure, not only from Azure perspective, but looking at Gartner Magic Quadrant for full life cycle API management, we will be able to see that Microsoft API management is one of the world leaders across 17 vendors. This is as per September 2022. This is just to give you an idea that the API management is a world leader when it comes to the API gateways and facilitating different ways of integration. And now moving on to talk about the core of the API management. API management manages APIs. As the name suggests. And what does it mean in the microservice architecture? We are not going to dive too deep into the microservice architecture, but at a high level, usually when we have a really big system that's going to be difficult to manage, difficult to maintain, deploy, etcetera. Microservices came in to solve this challenge over the last probably ten, 15 years where we are going to break down a really big system into smaller chunks of code that are manageable, easy to deploy and independent from other services or other parts of the system. And we call this small chunks a service. Or you can call it micro service. So each of these microservices we see in front of us here are completely independent from each other. Like we can go ahead and deploy the read service without an impact on other services in our system. And each of these services has its own owner in terms of technical ownership, like there is a different teams owning different services in a microservice architecture and the team is completely responsible for the service availability, reliability and security, etcetera. And by breaking down a big system towards multiple microservices, it allows us to be more agile and more manageable. And each of these service will offer or provide different interfaces to allow other services in the same system to interact with our service. Let's say that the Red Service will provide different interfaces that will allow other services in our system to interact with the red service. They don't necessarily need to know the implementation of these interfaces. What they need to care about is just they need to call certain interfaces at the red service in order to deliver a certain functionality, in order to get a specific information or to trigger a specific action. And these interfaces are the API that we want to manage in an API management, or maybe some people like to call it API gateway. So the main purpose of the API management is to manage the APIs in your organization. They don't necessarily have to be built primarily on Azure, it could be in another cloud provider or could be even hosted on prem. But the API management allows you to manage different APIs you have in your system. So in brief, the API management is a hybrid multi cloud platform for APIs across your environments. And one of the main values of using the API management is to abstract the back end services from its consumers. So the customer or the client doesn't necessarily need to know everything about our API architecture or our microservice architecture. All the client needs to know is about how they should be interacting with the APIs through the API management. So the API management provides a layer of security so it doesn't expose too much information about our architecture and our microservices to the API. Consumers and the consumers can only interact with our APIs through the API management, which provides an additional layer of security for our APIs we host in our organization. So API management provides a layer of security acceleration observability for our APIs. We will be able to spot if there is unusual traffic going in or out from our APIs by using API management. So I usually think of the API management across different scenarios. First scenario, you can use the API management to facilitate inter system communication between the microservices in the same system. Also, you can use the API management to facilitate the communication between different systems in your organization. And lastly, you could be using the API management to provide a layer of integration for your clients, your external clients or consumers or other third parties you want to integrate with. So by using the API, management will be very useful in certain situations, assuming you have legacy services and then you want to integrate it with other modern applications, could be in cloud. Then by using the API, management will allow you to offer a new cloud capability to these services, to these legacy services you have in your system so you don't have to revamp or redesign or re implement all of these legacy services. But what you can do instead is just put it as a back end targets for your API management. And the API management will handle all of the communications coming to these legacy services through the APIs we host in the API management. Also, it makes the integration very easy and straightforward and consumable. Everyone will know what we offer to other systems or other customers. We will have a single place that have all of the API definitions in our system or our environments. So we will have a single source of truth when it gets to different integration APIs we are providing or offering and how it's been secured, which is going to be very important for security architects. Usually they are very keen to know what the company assets we need to know what are the APIs that we host in our company, because if we don't know our APIs, if we don't know our assets, we can't protect it. And imagine what would be the case if you have hundreds of these microservices and then ending up having thousands of APIs scattered everywhere in your organization, it's going to be very hard to count, to measure, define and maintain. And lastly, secure, of course. So your security team will love having an API management as a single source of truth for all APIs in your organization. And by using an API management, it allows you to have a multi-channel user experience across web, mobile, wearable devices, Iot, etcetera. All of these different channels will be able to use and consume whatever backend services or APIs you have through the API management because it has seamless experience across multichannel experiences which will allow us to use the APIs across different channels which will reduce the cost of implementation. Finally, API management could be used in B2B integration scenarios where we are exposing certain APIs to different customers or different businesses that we want to integrate with them. And then we are going to provide a layer of security between our services and our third party systems, and we are going to make it easier and more standardized way for other third parties to integrate with our systems through the API management. So this is the API management at a very high level. And as you are talking about the API management, this is kind of a zoomed in view of the different components in the API management. I'm not going to go through it in details now, but at a high level we have APIs and Gateway Developer portal and other components and features we could use within our API management. I hope now you understand the importance of having an API gateway or more importantly, having an Azure API management in your organization and what would be the benefits of using it. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.