Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how we import our first API into our API management. And as you can see here, my API management has been created. So let's go ahead to the API management. But before we go ahead and import our first API, let's complete the API management creation by defining an application insights to set up the monitoring part of our API management. So let's go ahead and create an application Insights I'm going to put it in. Org api dev going to call it API. M I'm going to call it Application Insights API. M I'm going to host it in Australia East region, and let's go ahead and create our application Insight instance. All right. My application insight instance has been created, so let's go back to the API management and let's set up the application insights monitoring. So let's go ahead and add a monitoring and let's select our application insights instance. Let's put the description up. Insights for APM. And then let's go ahead and create the application insert instance to monitor our API management. All right, now let's get back and scroll all the way up. Now let's go to APIs. You should be able to see a default echo API has been already created for you when you create your API management and if you go to Echo API and select retrieve resource operation. And then head to the test tab. You should be able to send a test request just to make sure that your API has been set up properly. And as you can see here, we get 200 response. Now we are going to import a new API into our API management. So let's go ahead and add an API and let's add an open API. And then I'm going to put a URL for a demo API been developed by Microsoft called the Demo Conference API. And as soon as I put the URL for the API name and display name has been auto filled for me. Now I need to specify API URL suffix. I'm going to put conference. So these are the basic information that you need to put when you go to create an API or import an API into your API management. Now let's have a look at the full view. It expands a little bit on some more properties like the traffic you are going to be using, whether Http or Https. And then whether you want to specify any tags to your API and the product, you are going to host your API in it. We're going to see all of these in more details later. As of now I'm going to put my API in starter products and keep the gateway is managed. And I'm not going to create any version for this API for now. Now let's go ahead and create or import, so to speak, this API into our API management. All right. The API has been imported for me and has a lot of operations we could play around with. So I'm going to go for get speakers operation and go to the test tab to test it to see if we're going to get any result back. As you can see here, we got 200. Okay. With the response code coming from this specific operation in the Demo conference API. And just by following these simple steps, you will be able to import API's into your API management. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.