Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about API products and I want you to think of products as a container for one or more APIs in your API management, like a usage quota or a terms of use for your APIs. And you can host one API in multiple products without any problems and you can use one product to host multiple APIs without any issues. Now. If you remember, we already had two products when we created our API management. We had a starter product and we had unlimited products. And if you remember when we created our demo conference API, we put it in starter products. And as you can see here, we have a basic information about our products, different APIs, different access controls for our products. Now, let's go ahead and see how can we test our products or actually before that, let's go ahead and create a new product. Let's call it a clients products. I'm going to put a description, get all information about our clients. Now you see three options. The first option we have is whether this product is going to be published or not. And if the product is published, then API consumers will be able to access and use all APIs in this product. However, if you are still developing our APIs and the product is not yet ready to be published to API consumers, then we should keep the product unpublished and in this case it will be only available and visible to the administrators group. And the second option we have here is whether the product requires subscription or not. I want you to think of the subscription as a way to protect your product. When we tick on this checkbox, then we are going to make it mandatory to have a subscription key, to have a valid subscription key in every request being sent to all APIs in this product. Which is another way of protecting APIs in our API management. If we uncheck this checkbox, then this will keep all APIs in this product open and vulnerable to attacks, and you shouldn't go ahead with any product that doesn't require subscription. As you've already seen, the default comes with a subscription required for this product or for any new product you are creating for your API management. And the third option we have here, whether you require administrators approval for all subscription requests, whether they accept it or rejected. And if we check it on the administrators, approval is going to be required. Then if we check it off, API, consumers will be able to consume our products through auto approval because we didn't require administrators approval before using APIs in this products. Now coming to subscription count limit, it's an optional limit of multiple simultaneous subscriptions for this product. Then you get to specify your legal terms and you can add different APIs in this product while you are creating it. So I'm going to add Echo API in clients products. Now let's go ahead and create our products. And as you can see here now, we have clients products in our API management. And when we get in there, you will be able to see the basic information we have specified. And as you can see here, the product is not published yet. And from here you should be able to publish your product when it's ready to be consumed by API consumers. And if you go to the APIs here, you should be able to add additional APIs at any time to your product as you are adding new APIs to your API management and then policies, we are going to cover it in more details later. Then when I said. If you remember, if we get back to settings, we highlighted that this product requires subscription. And what this does behind the scene is it requires a subscription key to be sent in all API requests that are set in this product. And if any API sets with the wrong subscription key or a sent without any subscription key at all, then the request is going to be rejected because it didn't come with the right subscription key at the first place. So let's head back to the APIs and try to test this. So let's go to APIs and let's go to Echo API. Let's head to let's select, get retrieve resource operation and head to the test tab and let's send a. Request and see what are we going to get? And as you can see here in the response, we are getting a subscription key. Let's try and locate. Which product uses this subscription key. So I open a new tab for my subscriptions. And here I have different subscription keys of my products and I'm going to show all of these subscription keys. And as you can see, none of them starts with nine KB one, right? The reason is API management uses another subscription key for all built in operations, and it's going to be this subscription key. Here is our subscription key nine KB one. And this is the subscription key that the API uses. If you are going to test your API from API management portal. But why are we getting the subscription key in the response? We should be sending the subscription key out in the request, isn't it? Yes, that's absolutely true. The reason is because it is just an echo API. It exposes different information for you to make you a little bit familiar with different things in your API with your API. So. And in the request here, we cannot see the subscription key sent in the Http request, which doesn't make sense. It's actually been sent, but it's protected here. If you click on this eye button here, you should be able to see the subscription key that the API management used to send out the Http request of the eco API and that's why we got the same subscription key back because as we sent this subscription key API, Eco API is going to send it back as it is now. Let's try something different. If you remember. We have different products in our API management and. In a starter product, we have eco API, so this means we can use starter. Product subscription key. To test our API. Like the client subscription key as well. So I'm going to use the client subscription key because this is the new one that we have created. So now if I head back to the API management portal, how I can use. The client. Subscription key to test echo API. So for this you will need to add a new header in the Http request and the header here is going to be OCP API subscription key. So let's add this header and then the value is going to be the subscription key of the clients products or the starter product, any product that has Echo API in it. So I'm going to put the value of the subscription key in the request here and then let's send another request. As you can see here, we are getting 200. Okay. And now we are getting a different subscription key in the response, which is the same subscription key we sent in our request, which is the subscription key of the client's product. Eight KB eight. This is how you can play around and use API management portal to test different subscription keys or use different subscription keys for a specific API. Now, some people prefer to use other tools to test their APIs like Postman. Now let's open Postman and see How can we use Postman to test our APIs in API management? Now let's head to APIs and. Create a new Http request. Now. Let's open them side by side. Now what I'm going to do now is to copy the Http. Request URL for this API and I'm going to put it here in the get operation of Postman and. This API requires an optional parameter. Param one we are not going to specify any value. All right, now let's try and send the request with this API. We didn't specify any subscription keys at the moment. As you see, we're getting 401. Access denied. This is because we didn't specify any subscription key. And if we had two headers, you're going to see some built in headers already added. So let's go ahead and copy OCP API subscription key header name and put it in the headers. Now for the header value, let's get back to our subscription keys and we are testing Echo. API, which sets in client products and starter products. So let's go ahead and show the subscription keys of the starter products. And this time I'm going to copy the secondary key. Actually, I can use either of them, either primary or secondary, so I'm going to copy the. Subscription key of. The second key of the starter product. And let's paste it here. Now let's send another request. Now we are getting 200. Okay. So when we are using the API management portal, we don't really need to specify a subscription key in our requests. We could if we want. However, if I go ahead and delete this subscription key. And then try to send another request. The API management is going to use the built in subscription key to send this request. I just wanted to show you different ways of playing around with the subscription key. When you are testing your APIs. Now let's go ahead and try to test the demo conference API. And let's select the get speakers operation and let's send a request. We are getting 200. Okay. Because the API management used the. Built in subscription key that allows us to test. Across all APIs in our API management. Now I'm going to play around with this and add a new value for this header. So I'm going to add a header. I'm going to put this value in the header name. Then I'm going to go to unlimited products and I'm going to use the subscription key of probably I'm going to use a subscription key of clients products. Okay. The product that we have created and I'm going to use this subscription key to send a new request for demo conference API. And as you can see here, we are getting 401. Access denied. The reason is, if you remember when we created our clients product. It has only one API in it. Echo API. It doesn't have demo conference API. That's why when I used the subscription key of the client product. It doesn't work because demo conference API doesn't set in client products yet. So let's try and go ahead and add demo conference API to the client products. It should work straight away, right? Assuming that we are using the subscription key of the client products where we put demo conference API. Let's go ahead and test it one more time. Now we are getting 200. Okay. Also, I want you to pay attention to something. We don't get the subscription key in the response here in Demo conference API. Because as I mentioned, the eco API has been developed in a way to send you the requests, the response back of whatever you have been sent. That's why you have been getting the subscription key in the response and we don't usually get it in the demo conference API and you should actually send it back in any of your APIs. That's all I want you to know about API management products. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.