Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we mock our API response? But firstly, let's talk about why do we need to implement MOC for our API? Let's say that we have a new requirement to develop a new API in eco API. And we still are going to spend some time to develop the backend port of our new API. At the same time, we have other API consumers that are waiting for us to finish this API so they can start their development. And this is when mocking API response becomes very useful. We will allow our API consumers to call our API and get a mock response. From the expected response that the consumers should get from the real API. After we finish our development. So the main purpose for having a mock response here is to allow the API consumers to start their implementations without so much dependency on the back end team to finish the back end API. So now let's go ahead and see how can we define mock API response? So in Echo API here, let's go ahead and add a new operation. I'm going to call it Mock. Response. And again, the big get. And then we are going to send a mock in the URL and in the responses here, we are going to define our response. So let's go ahead and select 200. Okay. And then let's add the content. Let's make it application Json. Now, we will need to provide a sample of the response that we want to send to the API consumers. And I'm going to use something simple as mock API. Mock API response. And I'm going to make it as true. Okay. And now let's go to. Save our new operation with the mock response. As you can see here, we have a new get operation for the mock response. Let's go ahead to the test tab and try to test our new operation. And as you can see here, we are getting 200. Okay. But we can't see the response we have defined in our operation. So if I go back to the responses here, we can't see the API response equals true in the response. Right? The reason for this because we need to do one more step. We need to define an inbound policy for the mock response operation and enable mock response on this operation. So let's go ahead to my. Mock response. Browse to ad policy for the inbound processing and then click on mock response. And we are going to create an API management response. 200 Okay. For the application Json and let's go ahead and save our changes. Now, as you can see here, we have highlighter that says mocking is enabled for this operation. Now, let's go ahead and test our mock response operation. And in here, we should be able to get the same response we have specified in the mock response definition. This is how can we enable mock response for our APIs? I find it extremely useful when you have a lot of APIs that you need to develop and still the API consumers are waiting for backend developers to finish their work. And by using a mock response you loosely couple the dependency between API consumers and the backend developers of the APIs, which is going to give more agility to your teams developing or working on different APIs. That's all I have for you for mocking API response. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.