Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we protect our APIs. We have already seen in the previous video, how can we use subscription keys to protect our APIs and ensure that people that have valid subscription keys are only the people that will be able to consume and use our APIs? This could provide a lens of security to our APIs, but this is not enough. We need to make sure we add additional layer of security as much as we can to make sure that our API is stay protected. And you might have heard in the last few years a lot of data breaches happened to many organizations around the world. And the breach that happened because of the API leaking data out of the organization is quite a lot. So you need to pay extra attention when it comes to protecting your APIs and ensure that it won't cause any data breach in your company or your organization. Now let's go to our APIs and have a look at what are the different things we can do to protect our APIs further. Let's go to Demo Conference API and then go to get speakers operation and then let's head to the test tab and then let's send a test request. And we have already seen that we have put conference API in the product, which means that the requester has to send a valid subscription key. In the Http request in order for the request to be executed and get a 200 response. Otherwise they will get 401. So getting to use a subscription key is a way for us to ensure that only valid consumers are only allowed to use our APIs. And having said that, we need to pay extra attention on what kind of data we respond back to these validated consumers. For example, having said that, we are allowing or enforcing subscription keys to be used in the Http requests and then we know exactly who is going to be consuming our APIs. It's a really good first step. But if we look at this response here, you'll be able to see that we are exposing the platform, we are running our back end service and the version of ASP.Net we are running. And you might think it's not really a critical information, but if we look at it from a security perspective, it's quite critical. We all know that every few days there are new vulnerabilities, gets exposed in different platforms, and then the providers are just rushing to do or create a fix for these vulnerabilities and then deploy a hotfix to make sure that the platform stays secure. The same applies for all platform or any platform you are going to use to host your back end servers, whether it's ASP.Net, Java, Python or anything you could think of. And exposing this information even to a validated consumer who has a valid subscription key can be very critical for our company. Let's assume that there is a vulnerability being exposed for ASP.Net version four, and then one of our consumers knew already that we are using or hosting our backend service based on ASP.Net version four. Then they might be able to misuse our API and cause some damage to our API since they have known already on what platform it's running and what version. So this kind of information should be removed from the response and only apply a rule of thumb, only respond back to the consumer with the data that they only want. If they don't need to know about the platform, we are running our back end service or it's a version. There is no reason to have these things in the response anymore. Now let's head back to the design tab and select all operations. Which means that the policy change we are going to do now, it's going to apply to all operations in this API. Now let's go ahead and add an outbound processing policy and let's click on add a Policy and then click on set headers. And as you can see here, here we need to specify the header name and its value and the action we need to do on the header. Now let me duplicate this tab so I can open. The test tab. Uh, of the APIs and they can copy the header names from the response to make sure it's going to be correct. Now I browse to demo conference API, get speakers, browse to the test tab and then send requests. Now this is the first header that I'm going to remove from my response and I'm going to put the header name here and the value it's going to stay blank and then the action is going to be delete, which means we are going to delete this header and its value from the response coming out of our API management. And let's do the same with the other header x powered by. We don't really care about the value here. What we are after is the header name to make sure it's going to be deleted. Now, let's go ahead and save our changes. As you can see here, one or more fields contain incorrect values. And you might be able to see here a default value been added to one of the headers. So let's go ahead and remove it and make sure we don't have any blank values. Now let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let me go to the test tab and send a new request and see what are we going to get. As you can see here, we don't see this critical information anymore. We are not allowed to see the ASP Dotnet platform or the version number of our ASP. Net that we are running our back end service. Which is a way to protect our API. Now, this is not enough. If you pay a closer attention, you should be able to see that the response exposes the actual URL of the backend service, which is conference API dot Azure sites. And this kind of information is not important to the API consumer, so to speak. They don't need to know this information at all. Because in the worst case they could bypass our API management and get straight to the API. The backend API by having this link available to them here in the API response. So what we should be doing is to mask this URL with the API management URL. So any API consumer won't be able to see the actual URL of the backend API in our API management. Now let's go to the design tab and see how can we implement this. Going to the demo conference API all operations and then click on add policy. And what I'm after here is a policy to mask the URL content. And it's not in here. So let's go to other policies and let's go to show snippet. And these are the different policies we could apply in our API management. So let me first put the cursor in the outbound policies section and then let me click on mask URLs in content. Which is going to add a new tag in the policies section of our API management. Now let's go ahead and save our changes. Let's head to that stop. I'm going to duplicate this one as well so we can compare before and after. Now let me go to demo Conference API, get speakers test tab, and let's send another request. As you can see here. Now, the URL in the response has been masked with the URL of our API management instead. Of the URL of the backend API we have in our API management. This is a way to ensure that the consumers are not going to bypass the security layers we have configured in the API management and the consumers will not be able to hit the backend API directly. And by doing this we kind of implementing one of the key cloud design patterns, which is gatekeeper, which ensures that all the traffic is going to go through a certain direction that has multiple security layers to ensure a proper security for our API. Now we have done a really good job removing the Unrequired headers from the response, masking the URLs in the content. What else can we do? Probably it's going to be a good idea to define some throttling limits on the APIs. Throttling means. If you haven't heard about it, we specify a certain threshold for our APIs, and if this threshold has been exceeded, then we are going to stop any further traffic to hit this specific API. Even it's coming from a valid consumer. With a valid subscription key. This is to ensure that we are not going to be overwhelmed with so many requests from one valid consumer that might affect our availability for the APIs we have, and we might end up having the DDoS attack. Even though from a valid consumer, we still need to protect ourselves from everything. Now again, let's head to the demo conference API. Go to all operations and then let's go to the inbound processing and let's add a policy. And then here I'm going to go for a limit call rate, which is a way for us to specify the number of calls I will allow for the whole API as I'm defining this policy on the all operations. So I'm going to specify two calls over 60s based on API subscription and for any request coming from any consumer. And let's go ahead and save our change. Now my throttling policy has been added, so let's go to the test tab and send one more request and it should go ahead without any issues. And let's go ahead and send the second request again. Everything will be all right On the third request. It should stop us with 4 to 9 too many requests because we have exceeded the limit we have specified in our throttling policy. And as you can see here, we can retry again after 38 seconds or whatever, after the throttling limit has been expired. And this is not going to be only applied to get speakers. If we try to test the get sessions, for example, we are going to get the same response. And the reason for this is because we have defined our rate limit policy based on all operations for the Demo conference API. If we wanted to be more specific, we could have applied the policy on to speaker operation only and in this case, no other operation will be impacted and we are going to come to the policies and its scope in more details a little bit later on. These are the different ways we can protect our APIs in API management. That's not all. These are just the basic things that we need to do as we are developing our APIs. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.