Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we debug and trace our APIs in API management. Now let's go to Demo Conference API and let's select get speakers operation and then let's head to the test tab and let's go ahead and send a test request. And this is what we have been doing in the last few videos. We have been sending a test request and we receive a response back from the backend API. Now let's go ahead and try something different. If you are going to browse to the trees tab, you will see that we are not able to see anything here because we need to activate it first by clicking on the trace button here. And you should be able to get this popup warning that tells you that tracing is already disabled on the API and if you want to enable it, it's going to be enabled for only one hour and then you will have to re-enable it again. The reason for this, as it says here, trace logs can have some sensitive information like subscription keys, access tokens, password, internal host names, etcetera. That's why it's not going to be a good idea to expose all of these critical information and keep it all the time available for other people. Now I'm going to go ahead and enable the tracing for an hour to allow us to see how can we trace different APIs and what kind of information we are getting when we trace an API. As you can see here, at a high level, we are getting so much information about the inbound outbound back end and errors. And if you scroll down a little bit, you will be able to see all things that happens on the API side when it's been incoming to the API management. And if we scroll a little bit down here, we should be able to see our throttling policy that we have specified on our inbound. Policy for the API management. And as you can see here, we haven't hit the throttling limit yet and we should be all right. Then scrolling a little bit more down, you will be able to see different operations that happened on the backhand side. And if we scroll further down to the outbound section, you should be able to see the headers that we have removed by defining the outbound policies to remove the ASP net version and export the by headers from the response. Also, you should be able to see the mask that we have done on the response URLs in our API responses. So in a nutshell, Trace gives you a lot of details about different operations that happened in your API call. And if we scroll all the way up and go to the message. Response message of our API call, you should be able to see a new header has been added into our response, which is API mtrace location. And what I'm going to do is to browse to this URL and see what I'm going to get. So we have got the whole trace message, including all data and details available in this web page. Including all critical information. We talked about subscription key. As you see here, and this is the default built in subscription key for APM, which is quite critical and you need to protect it as much as you can. A bunch of other different information. That's why Azure always asks you to not enable trace on all operations by default. And that's why it asked us to enable trace for only one hour to allow us to trace certain operations, and then it's going to be disabled again. This is to protect your information and your data while you are debugging and tracing API operations. And having said that, a lot of sensitive information might get exposed as we are debugging our API and enable tracing on our API operations. Then I'm sure you might have expected that we shouldn't enable tracing in production workloads at all because we might be exposing a lot of critical and sensitive information about our prod environment. Now I'm going to open a new tab for the subscription keys we have created in our API. And let's have a closer look at the allow tracing column at the end. As you can see here, tracing is allowed on the built in subscription key, and this is a default action. However, tracing is not enabled on all other subscription keys been created for different products. Now I want to go back and test something. So I'm going to go back here and try to send a request with one of these subscription keys. That doesn't have tracing enabled on it. And I'm going to use the subscription key of a starter product. Let's go ahead and copy the primary key of a starter product and let's go over to the test tab and let's add a new header and let's put the subscription key in the value. Then let's. Copy OCP API subscription key from Http request and put it in the name here and let's send the request one more time. As we have seen here, we shouldn't be able to get any tracing information as long as we are using a subscription key that doesn't have tracing enabled on it. Now I'm going to send a trace request. As you can see here, we still got tracing for our API operation, even though the subscription key that we have used doesn't allow tracing on it. And still, if you scroll all the way up and we hit it back to message, we still got the URL that has the tracing log and it's going to be available over the internet. Having said that, this URL is available over the internet, not only for my account. If I open an incognito window. I still be able to view the tracing log like anyone in the world, like anyone in the world with this link, should be able to get and read all of our information in the tracing log, which is not a good idea. Now let's get back to our API. How come? Having a subscription key here that doesn't allow tracing. But at the same time, when we used it in sending a request, we got a tracing logs how this happened. The reason for this is because you already enabled the tracing on the API management instance, and as long as it's been enabled, no matter what subscription key you are using, it's going to make tracing allowed on any request you are sending in the API management. And to prove this point, I'm going to show you something. Let's open Postman and try to send the request one more time. So I'm going to copy the request to URL of this API operation and I'm going to put it in Postman. And as you remember from previous videos, we need to specify the subscription key that we are going to use to allow us to test this API. So I'm going to maximize this window and I'm going to send the request or actually we'll try first to. Use the subscription key, the starter product subscription key, and I'm going to put it in Postman and see what are we going to get. Let's send a request. So we have got 200 response code, which is fine. And if we look at the headers here, we got in the response, we can't see the tracing log URL as we have seen it. In the response headers when we send the same request from the API. This is the URL that I'm talking about. It doesn't show up any more in Postman. Let's open it side by side. It doesn't show up anymore in the response code, in the response headers of this operation. And the reason for this, as you might have expected, is that the subscription key? Of a starter product. Doesn't allow tracing on it. So that's why when we used it from Postman, we didn't get any tracing back. So let's try since we have tracing allowed already on the built in subscription key, let's go ahead and show the subscription keys of the built in. Functions. Let's go ahead and copy the primary key and let's put it over in the subscription key in the request headers. Now let's send this request and see what are we going to get. Still, we didn't get any tracing log URL in the response headers, even though we are using a subscription key that allows tracing. So why is this happened? The reason is we are missing one more header we need to put in our request. We need to put OCP API trace. Let's put it here. OCP dash API dash trace. And we need to set this value to true and send it in the request header as we are sending our request. Now let's send the request one more time from Postman and see if we are going to get a different result. Beautiful. Now, one minute has been passed and I sent a request. And as you can see here, we have the API trace location and if I copy this URL, it should open the whole tracing log that we get in the API M now. It's not going to be a good idea to allow tracing on a prod workloads because it's going to expose a lot of critical information, as we said, including the subscription key, which is one of the key assets in your area. So it's not going to be a good idea to allow tracing on a production workload. That's why the default setting when we create a new product is the tracing is not allowed on this product unless we have enabled it explicitly. Now let's go ahead and see how can we enable tracing on a subscription key. So let's go ahead and add a subscription key. Let's call it production key, and the display name is going to be the same. And here we should be able to allow tracing on our API management using this subscription key. And as you can see here, you get this warning here that it's going to expose sensitive information in the tracing logs and it's going to be only enabled for one hour and you get to specify the scope of this subscription key and products users, etcetera. So let's go ahead and create this subscription key. Now, what I'm going to do is to try. To use the subscription key of the production key and send it through. In an API request from Postman. It should work without any issues. I just wanted to show you that we are not only limited to the default built in subscription key to be able to get the tracing for our API operations, we are able to create our own keys and configure it to allow tracing. So we get tracing logs of our API operations. So having the tracing enabled on your subscription key allows you to see different information and allows you to debug inbound policies. Outbound policies, the back end responses, etcetera in your API operations and you're able to do all of that from the portal. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.