Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about API revisions. And the revision is a completely different than the version. The main goal of API revision in API management is to make non breaking API changes so you can change your model and test it before you make it current and available to your API consumers. Now let's go ahead and see how can we do this? And there are two ways you can use to create a revision for your API. The first one is by heading to your API and click on the three dots here and then you should be able to add a revision for your API. Or you could head to the revisions tab on top here and then you can go ahead and add a revision for your API. So I'm going to put a description here. This is my. Second revision. And let's go ahead and create a revision for demo conference API. And as you can see on top here, you can choose which revision you are going to be working on and you can change it if you like. Now let's head back to the design tab and we are in the revision two. As you can see here, and I'm going to add a new operation. I'm going to call it revision. And I'm going to put backslash revision and then I am going to save my changes. So as you can see here, we have a new method. In revision to. Now let's go ahead and swap to revision one. As you can see here, we don't see the newly created operation that we have created in revision two. And probably let's go back to Division two to complete it up and set up some mock response so we can test it properly. So I'm going to go to the revision operation in revision two, and then I'm going to go and edit the API and add a response. Let's go ahead and add 200. Okay. And then the representation is going to be application Json. And then I'm going to put a simple as. Mock and I'm going to give it to. And let's go ahead and see if my changes. Now I'm going to add a policy to create a mock response for the revision operation. And let's go ahead and save my changes. Now, we have enabled the mock response on the revision operation. Now let's go ahead and test it just to make sure everything works fine. As you can see here, we are getting 200. Okay. With the response code we have specified already. Now, as we have seen revision, one doesn't have any definition for revision operation. Now what we need to do to make revision operation available. But before we get to that, let's go ahead and open the developer portal and we are going to cover it in more details later. But I just want to show you how revisions makes a difference in your API management and how you can swap between current revision and another revision. Now I'm going to press on the control button and head to the APIs. Then selecting demo conference API. Then scrolling down. We can't see the new revision operation that we have created. Why? If we go to a revision step, you should be able to see that revision. One is the current revision of this API. And if we want to be able to see the changes we have done in revision two in the developer portal, then I will need to make revision two a current. So I'm going to click on the three buttons and make revision two a current revision and I'm going to post a public change log for this API making this current revision. And let's go ahead and see if my changes. Now let's head back to the developer portal and let's refresh this page. As you can see here now, we are able to see the new revision operation that we have created because we have made it current revision for our API. And if we want to roll this back, what we can do just to go to the original revision and make it current. And post to public changelog for this api. Rollback. And let's save our changes. Now, if I will head back to the developer portal and refresh this page. We want to be able to see our revision operation anymore because it sets in a revision that's online. Yes, but it's not the current revision yet. And having this revision online will allow you to go ahead and test it to make sure it works as you expect. And once you are happy with the results, you can go ahead and make it current so it would be available to your API consumers. Now let's try something different. I'm going to browse to revision two and I'm going to go to revision operation and I am going to open Postman to see if we will be able to hit the revision two operations from Postman. So as you see here, we have the request URL of the revision operation and we have the revision number written in the request URL here. So I'm going to copy this over in Postman. And as you can see here, we are getting 200. Okay. With the mock response we have created. What this means is when we create a new revision for our API, we will be able to work independently from the current revision and we should be able to test it either from the developer portal or from API portal or from postman, or you just need to make sure you include the revision number in the request URL. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.