Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about versions and there is a bit of difference between revisions and versions. Now let's go ahead and see how can we add version first? So let's head to API's demo conference API and then here you should be able to see add a new version. So let's go ahead and do that. In here you need to specify a version identifier. Let's say it's going to be version two and you have three options to specify your version whether you are going to use the path or header or query string. So let's stick with the path to make it easier for us to test it. Then you will have to put the version identifier in the version name. I'm going to put version two, then I'm going to put it in starter product, for example. And let's go ahead and create a new version for demo conference API. As you can see here, a version set has been created. This is called the version set. And in our version set, you should be able to see the original version that we already had for our API and then version two that we have just created. And if we head to the test tab, if I'm going to go to version two, select get speakers operation and then go to the test tab, I should be able to test my operations in version two. And as you can see here in the request URL, you will be able to see the version identifier that we have specified when we were creating version two. And if you remember when we created our version, we had three options to choose from whether to specify the version, either from the path header or query string. Now let's head to the developer portal and see how the new version will look like in the developer portal. So let's head to a game pressing control button. Let's head to APIs. And in here you should be able to see different versions of Demo Conference API. So the main difference here between versions and revisions that in versions were able to see multiple versions of the same API at the same time. While in revision we only had one option to have one revision current at the same time. So having a multiple versions available at the same time will give you multiple benefits. If you look at big API providers, Visa, Mastercard or any API provider you could think of when they do some updates to their APIs. Usually they do it through a new version so they don't introduce a break, any change to the API consumer. So whoever is consuming their original version, the consumer should be fine and doesn't have any issues as long as they are still working in the original version as it is. At the same time when the API provider wants to provide some more updates or functionalities through their APIs, they usually do this through a new API version. This is to allow API consumers to migrate to the new API version at their own pace without any dependencies or without rushing them to make this change happen at a certain point of time. So having this ability is really key for a successful API providers, and if someone is happy using the original version, they can keep using it without any issues. And when they want to migrate to the newer version, they absolutely can do that whenever they like. Now, if we head back to our API, as you can see here, this version set has been created for us automatically once we added a new version for our demo conference API. And as you can see here, the versioning scheme is based on the path because that's what we have specified when we were creating version two of our demo conference API. And if it's still a little bit confusing for you to know the difference between versions and revisions, I'm going to put a link for this page so you can give it a read to help you understand it more. So briefly, the main difference between versions and revisions revisions allows you to do changes to your API definitions safely without breaking your API consumers. So you get to test and try them before you publish and make this revision available. Also, you have an option to roll back to the original revision in case of any issue happened. While in versions, you can publish multiple versions of your API at the same time and you can use either path, query, string or header as a version identifier for your version set. And in the developer portal you can show the API version two group on the developer portal. The key thing here to remember is if you want to publish multiple versions of your API at the same time, then you should be using versions. While if you want to make safe changes. In your API definitions without breaking your API consumers, then you should be using revisions. That's all I have for you for this lecture. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.