Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we use Visual Studio code to do common operations in our API management? And in order to do that, I need to install an Azure extension first. So let's head to extensions and search for API management. And let's go ahead and install this extension. Now, if you head to the Azure tab here, you should be able to see a little window opened for API management. And under my subscription you will be able to see different API management instances you have already created in this subscription. And by using this extension, you are able to add a new API management instance, play around with different APIs and policies and also to test your APIs. So let's have a quick look at what are we able to do in Visual Studio code using API management extension. So as you can see here, you are able to create a new API management in Azure and you will be able to do this completely from Visual Studio code. Also, if you open our API management instance, you will be able to see different APIs we have created before. And if you go to version two example of demo conference API, you should be able to see different operations that's been imported already when we imported demo conference API. And by selecting one of these operations, let's say you get speakers. You will be able to see the metadata behind this operation and you can do any changes you would like here. And it's going to reflect to the API management instance in Azure portal as well. And also you can go ahead and have a look at the policies we have defined for our API. And as you can see here, these are the two headers that we have removed from the response we are receiving from the back end API. And also this is the tag that masks the URL in the response message. So pretty much most things you are able to do on the Azure portal, you should be able to do it using Visual Studio code. Now let's see, how can we test different APIs? So let's go to get Speakers API and right click and then click on Test operation. And then here you see that we need to replace this tag with a subscription key. And you can do that by going to the portal and search for a valid subscription key and use it here in your testing. But it's going to be easier if you copy the subscription key from the API management instance in Visual Studio Code. So let's go ahead and copy the subscription key. And let's put it here. Now let's send a test request. And we have received 200 response codes and the response message. But there is something odd here. Even though we have added a header to allow tracing on our API call, we didn't get in the response message. Any URL that has a tracing logs as we have used to see. And the reason for this is quite clear. Probably you can read it here. Tracing authorization has been expired for this subscription key and if you remember, it's only going to be valid for only one hour. So in order to be able to see the tracing log in the response message, I need to go back to the API management. And go to APIs Demo Conference API. And then. Select version to get speakers. And let's go ahead and test it. And let's allow. Tracing for one hour for this API or for this subscription key, so to speak. Now let's go back to Visual Studio code and send this request one more time. As you can see here. Now we are getting a URL for the trace log because we have enabled tracing on our subscription key for an hour. That's all I have for you for Visual Studio Code and how you can use API management in Visual Studio code using API management extension. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.