Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we add an API manually to our API management instance? Let's go to APIs and let's click on Add API and Http API. And in the web service URL, let's put Http bin org and then the display name is going to be manual API. And then the URL suffix, I'm going to call it manual API as well. And again, this is the basic definitions of our API. If we wanted to have a full view of different settings, we could configure on our new API. We should go for the full view. And as you can see here, we can play around with the traffic, whether it's Http or Https or both. I'm going to select both and then here I get to choose the products that I'm going to put my API in it. And let's go ahead and create our API. Now. If we try to test this API, we won't get any result back because we don't have any operations yet in our API. So let's get back to design and start adding operations to our manual API. So let's add a new operation and let's call it get. And in the URL here, I'm going to put get as well. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let's go to the test tab. And try to send the request to our get operation. And as you can see here, we are getting 200 response codes and everything is all right. Now let's get back to the design tab and add one more operation. And let's call it get status. And in the URL here, I'm going to put backslash status backslash code. And by doing this I am defining a code parameter in my URL request. And as you can see here in the template, we get the code parameter name that we have put in the URL and we get to choose or put any description we would like or maybe put the type I'm going to put number and the value I'm going to put 200. And let's save our changes. Now let's go and test our get status operation. As you can see here, we need to pass a parameter. So let's pass 200. As you can see here, we get 200 response codes. So let's try pass something different. For example, for one two, and let's send another test request. So as you can see here, we are getting four one, two, the same response code that we have already sent in our request. This is how this APIs work. It's just a simple API that will allow you to play around with these APIs in API management. Now let's go back to our design tab and add one more operation. Now I'm going to call this Operation Wild card get. In the hotel here. I'm going to put backslash asterisks and then let's go ahead and save. This operation. Now let's head to the test tab and try to send the test request on wild card. Get operation. Now, as you can see here, we are getting 200 response code and everything is all right. And it's important to mention that while we are here that it's not really recommended to use a wild card while you are defining your APIs because it makes your API vulnerable to many security attacks. So, for example, if I'm going to put get here in the value of the asterisks. And then send the test request, we will receive the same response we used to receive when we were sending a normal get operation. That's why using wildcard operations in your API, it's not going to be a good idea because it exposes a lot of information in your API. Well, so far, these are the different things we could do or add manually to the API management and we could do exactly the same thing for any other imported API we have defined in our API management. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.