Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we import an Azure function app into our API management? Firstly, let's head to Azure functions and create a new one. So I'm going to go ahead and create a new function app. I'm going to create a new resource group. I'm going to call it org Sydney function app. And my function app name is going to be API management import. And it's going to be code running on Dotnet version six. And it's going to be hosted in Australia east region, running on Windows operating system and we are going to be using consumption plan. Let's have a look at storage. A new storage account is going to be created for me. Networking. It's all right. Monitoring. I'm going to disable app Insights monitoring, and let's go all the way down and create our function app. All right, now my function app is ready for me, so let's go to my function app. And let's go to functions and I'm going to go ahead and create a new function. I'm going to choose Http trigger function and I'm going to call my function name http trigger one. And yeah, let's go ahead and create our function. All right, now my function has been created. So let's head back to API management and go to APIs and add a new API and scroll down and select function app. And from here you should be able to select the function app we have just created. Here is our function app. We have created and in there we should be able to select the function Http trigger one that we just created. And let's go ahead and select it. Let's leave everything to the default values and let's go ahead and create our API or import our functions app API. All right. Now we have two operations been inserted for us for the Functions app API. So I'm going to go for the get operation and let's go ahead and test it. As you can see here, we are getting 200 response code. Everything is all right. Hitting the functions app API. Now I'm going to go and clean things up. Let's go to resource groups. And let's select our Sydney functions up to delete all of these storage accounts. App Service Plan and Functions App. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.