Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we import a logic app into our API management? Firstly, let's go to Logic apps and let's create a new one. So I'm going to go ahead and add a new logic app. And I'm going to create a new resource group, let's call it RG Sydney Logic App. And my logic app name is going to be logic app API management. And I'm going to host it in Australia East region. This is very important. You have to choose a consumption plan. If you are planning to import your logic app into your API management. If you selected the standard plan, you want to be able to import your logic app into the API. Management and zone redundancy is going to be disabled. And let's go all the way down and create our logic app. All right, now let's go to my logic app. And let's select Http request. And again, request body is going to be empty. And after we receive a request. We are going to be sending a response back. Let's search for response. And that's the choose response. So I'm going to send back 200 response codes and the body we're going to send. Okay. Now, let's go ahead and save our changes. All right, now let's go back to the API management and go to our APIs and let's add an API and choose Logic app and let's browse and select our logic app we have just created. And in the api url suffix I'm going to put logic app. And let's go ahead and create our logic app or import our logic app into our API management. Now we have only one post method. As you can see here, that sends 200 response codes or 500. Now let's go ahead and test it. Let's send a request. As you can see here, we are getting 200 response code and okay, as we have specified in the response body. Now let's go and clean things up. I'm going to go to resource groups. And let's select our Sidney Logic app. And let's go ahead and delete the resource group. Now let's go back to our API management and clean things up as well because we have imported already few APIs for app service functions, app and logic app and all of these are not existing anymore. Like if we select or if we go to the design tab of the logic app API, the backend API here doesn't exist anymore and I don't want to leave it here because when we are going to build the DevOps for the API management, it's going to break As long as we don't have a backend API for the API we have created. So long story short, I'm going to go ahead and clean all of these three APIs that we have just imported for the Logic app. And for the. App Service Web API. And for the functions up. All right. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.