Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we set up the pipelines for our API management. But before we get started, I want to walk you through this diagram, which is summarizing what we are going to do in the next few videos. First of all, we have here our API management instances, and this represents different environments like we are going to have three API management instances, one for dev, one for QA and one for prod. Then we are going to build some pipelines in Azure DevOps. So the extractor pipeline is going to pull API definitions, policy information and diagnostic settings. Et-cetera from dev instance of our API management. Then having all of this information placed in a git repo. The extractor pipeline is going to create a PR for us. Once been reviewed and approved, it's going to be merged to the main branch, which is going to kick off the publisher pipeline, which is going to deploy this change into the Q a environment of our API management and so on for the prod environment. This is at a very high level what we will be doing in the next few videos. But before we get into the implementation, let's talk a little bit more about API ops concepts from where it came from. API ops is a similar concept like gitops or dev ops, where you are combining two practices together or two methodologies together. And the way API ops is working is going to place the API management infrastructure definitions under version control. So when you make a changes to your API management instance, these changes are going to be extracted as code to be reviewed and audited. And once they've been approved, it's going to be deployed to the higher environments like a and prod. Now let's get started and let's create our API management instances that we are going to use in the API ops. Now let's get back to Azure Portal and I'm going to create three API management instances. I'm going to create a new resource group. I'm going to call it RG CI CD Dev. And I'm going to put my API management in Australia East region and resource name is going to be. Apim ci cd dev. And then I'm going to put my organization name and my email address. As you can see here, the name is not unique, so I'm going to put my initials at the end and it should be fine. Now. Let's go ahead and create. Our API management for dev environment. And let's go ahead and create it. Now. Let's go ahead and create two other API management instances. Be aware of the cost here guys. As you already know, each API management instance is going to cost you around $70 a month. And I'm now creating three for the section. So if you are not prepared to pay for this amount, just don't create these instances for CI CD pipelines. Having said that, I'm not going to leave these three instances for a month, but just wanted to call it out. Now let's go ahead and create another API management instance for our QA environment. Let's create a new resource group. Let's call it RG. CI CD. A. And let's put it in Australia East region and the resource name is going to be API, CI, CD, CA and my initials at the end. Now the organization name is going to be none. Then I'm going to put my email address. And let's go ahead and create our second instance, our queue, a instance. Now let's go ahead and create our prod instance. Let's create a new resource group. Let's call it org ci cd prod. And let's put our prod instance in Australia East region and let's call our API management in prod API, CI, cd prod. And then my initials at the end, the org name is going to be none. Then I'm going to put my email address. Now let's go ahead and create the prod instance. And as you already know from previous videos, it's going to take around 30 to 45 minutes for these three instances to be ready. So what I'm going to do now is to go to Azure DevOps and set up. Our repos and pipelines until our API management instance are ready for us. So I'm going to open a new tab and go to Azure dev ops and I'm going to go ahead and create a new organization. I'm going to call my dev ops. Org. Hussain Awad API. M course. And I'm going to host it in Australia East region and let's go ahead with that. Right. I'm going to create a new project and I'm going to call it API M And I'm going to keep it private project. Let's go ahead and create our project. Now let's get back to the documentation. There is a GitHub repo for the API ops solution and if you click on that you should be able to see different tools YAML files that we will be using when we build our pipelines in Azure DevOps. So what I'm going to do now is to go to tags. And go to version 4.1. Point three, which is the latest version. Now. I want you to go ahead and download Azure DevOps. All right. And let's extract this folder and see what's inside. As you can see here, there is a tools folder pipelines and there is three YAML files. These YAML files are simply are going to be used for extractor pipeline and publisher pipeline, which are these two pipelines that we are going to build. Now let's go back to our Azure DevOps and let's go to Repo and initialize our APM repo. Of course. Now let's go ahead and create a new folder for tools, then pipelines. And I'm going to add README file. And let's go ahead and create these folders and let's commit this change. Now in pipelines folder. I am going to upload these three YAML files that we have just downloaded. Structure publisher publisher with environments. Let's go ahead and upload these three files. Now I want you to go ahead and create two more YAML files. And if you go to the github repo here, if we get back to API ops. You should be able to see at the bottom here. Configuration dot, product dot HTML. So we're going to create two more files. At the root here. The first file is going to be the file configuration dot product YAML. And let's commit this change. And the second file is going to be configuration Q a dot HTML. Simply these two configuration files we have just created. We are going to specify certain configurations that are specific for different environments. As we are going to see in more details later. And if you head back to the GitHub repo and click on the configuration dot product YAML, which is a sample file that we will need to put in our configuration file. So I'm going to copy this over to configuration.qa dot HTML. Let's edit this file first. And actually, I'm going to clean everything up, just leaving the main tags. Which are the API's backend diagnostics loggers and the name the values. I'm going to just keep it very simple, but in here I'm going to put the API management instance name for my environment and since I am in configuration Scxml, I'm going to put the API management instance for the environment. So let's go ahead and copy the name of our COA. API management. Let's go back. And put it in our configuration, the HTML file. And let's commit this change. And let's copy this file and paste it in configuration dot product HTML. However, I need to change the API name to be the name of my prod instance, so let's copy the name of my prod API management and paste it in configuration prod dot html. Don't worry about these files for now. We are going to cover it in much more details later. And let's commit this change. Now what we need to do is to create a service connection. So let's head to the project settings. And let's go to service connections and let's create a new service connection and let's make our connection type to be Azure Resource Manager. And let's use service principle and let's go to the next step. And let's choose the subscription where you have your API management instance created. And let's select the dev resource group that we have created. And let's call the service connection API connection. And let's check on this checkbox to grant access to all pipelines. And let's go ahead and save. Our service connection. All right. Now let's go back to pipelines environments, and I'm going to create two environments, one for QA and I'm going to add myself as the approver in this environment. And let's add a prod environment as well. And I'm going to add myself as approver of this environment. All right, now let's go to library and let's create a variable group. But this variable group has to be in a specific name. And to know what it is. Let's head back to our repo and see. How we should be calling this variable group. If you expand on tools, pipelines and extractor. You should be able to see under variables section here the group name that we should be using in the library. If you want to change it, you need to change it here first in the run extractor dot html file and whatever you are going to put in the extractor file you should be using in the variable group. So I'm going to keep it the same API automation. Let's copy it over to our variable group. Now we need to add some variables in our group and if we are going to head back to the repo documentation and I'm going to put this link in the resources of this video and if we go to extract API artifacts, not this one, probably in the configure API tools, go to configure API tools in Azure DevOps. If you scroll down, you should be able to see these variable names that we should be adding in our variable group. So I'm going to copy it over service connection underscore name. And then I'm going to put the service connection. I just created API connection. Then I'm going to copy API name for dev environment. And then I'm going to go and copy the name of my. Dev API. And we'll need to do the same for other environments. I need to put API, underscore name, underscore QA for environment and let's go ahead and copy the name of CA API M and let's put it here and let's add one more variable for prod API, but it's going to be API underscore name, underscore, prod. And let's copy the name of our API prod environments. All right. Now we need to provide resource group names for these three environments. So let's put it for dev environment first. Let's copy the resource group name from here. And put it in this variable. And I need to do this two more times for QA environment and for prod environment. So let's go to our QA. Apim and lets copy the resource group name and let's put it in the resource group variable and let's do the same with prod. Let's copy resource group name for prod apim and let's put it in resource group name prod variable. Now. The last thing we need to specify here is the API ops version. Let's copy this variable and put it here. And the version that we are going to be using, if you head back to Azure DevOps and go to tags. This is the version that we have downloaded. So this is the version we will be using and configure in our in our variable group. So I'm going to put V 4.1.3. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Now we have all set. Let's go ahead and create our pipeline. Let's create the extractor pipeline. So our code is in Azure repo and let's select our API repo and select the existing Azure pipelines YAML files and let's select the extractor YAML file. And let's go ahead with that. And let's save our pipeline. And let's go to pipelines and let's rename. And let's rename our pipeline. Let's call it. Extractor. And let's save our pipeline. And now let's get into the extractor pipeline and let's run our pipeline. Now I need to put the API management instance name for dev environment. So let's get back and copy the name of my API in dev environment and I need to put the resource group as well for the API dev. And here I need to specify the Azure repo, which I'm going to be using for creating pull requests. I'm going to use API and repo that we have just created. And I need to specify the folder where the artifacts will set. I'm going to use artifacts and our target branch is going to stay main and we are going to extract all. Let's go ahead and run our extract or pipeline. I need to get into the stage and view this request and permit the access to the variable group. However, we are going to get an error exactly because I haven't enabled the parallelism in our organization, so I need to go to my Azure DevOps org and configure or purchase some parallel jobs. If we go to the Azure DevOps organization and click on organization settings, then scroll down here until you see parallel jobs. Now let's go ahead and change the Microsoft hosted and self hosted values. Let's set up some billing first with my Azure subscription. And let's go ahead with that. Now I need to put some. Paid parallel jobs. I'm going to put 25 for both and let's go ahead and save our changes. It's going to take a few minutes for this change to reflect. And so I'm going to pause my video until the API management instances are created as well. So we will get back and run our extract or pipeline again. All right. Now my API instances have been created for me, so let's go back and run our extract over pipeline one more time. Let's go ahead and run it. Right now, my extractor pipeline is working. All right. The first stage has been completed, but the second stage is failed while it tried to create a pull request. And let's see what's wrong here. As you can see here, we need to provide the generic contribute permission on the GitHub repo. So let's go to our repos. And let's click on manage repos. Let's click on security. Let's select API. Build service. And let's allow the contribution to GitHub repos. There are two more settings that we will need to allow, but I am going to keep it until it flags some error in the pipeline because I want to show you that we are providing the least amount of permissions required in the pipelines. So now we have allowed the genetic contribute in our GitHub repo. So let's go back and run the second stage. And the second stage failed again. So let's get in there and see what's wrong. And as you can see here, we need to allow permission to create branch. So let's get back and allow create branch for API, build service, and let's get back and run our stage one more time and we are going to see the last error. All right. And the second stage failed again because of a missing port request. Contribute permission. So let's get back. And this is the last thing we need to allow. So we need to allow, contribute, contribute to pull requests and create branch permissions for API enabled service. And let's go back and run the second stage one more time. All right. We have one more error in our pull request. And as you can see here, it says there is another repo is pushing to the same reference. We are getting this error probably because we have been running or rerunning these attempts for this stage multiple times. So what I'm going to do is to go ahead and to my pipelines and go to Extractor and make a new run for my pipeline. So I'm going to copy the name of my. Dev API management. And then I'm going to copy the resource group name of my dev API management. And then I'm going to specify apim and then artifacts. And let's go ahead and run a fresh run for our pipeline. All right. The two stages of the pipeline has been completed. Now, I want you to notice something in the output of the first stage, we have artifacts and these what's been exported from dev API management. So when we run our extract or pipeline, the extractor pulls out all of these information from dev API management. Then the extractor goes ahead and create a new pull request with this change requesting to merge all of these artifacts into the main branch. So these are simply the files that we have just exported and they are ready to be added to our repo. But before I'm going to go ahead and approve a merge, these changes to the main branch, I need to set up the publisher pipeline first. So let's go back to pipelines and let's add a new pipeline. Let's go first and have a look at the publisher YAML files. So let's go to our repo tools pipelines and run publisher dot yaml. So this version that you have downloaded from GitHub has only two stages, which is pushing the changes to a dev environment and pushing the changes to prod environments. And as you might expected, we need to add one more stage to allow us to push our changes to QA environments. So I'm going to go ahead and edit this file and copy the whole block of the pusher changes to prod stage. And I'm going to add it here. And I'm going to just change the name instead of prod. I'm going to make it a. So these are the changes I've done. I replaced all prod names into QA in the QA stage and I'm going to leave a new version of publisher file with this change, with the new stage in the resources of this video as well. So let's go ahead and commit our changes. Now let's go back into our pipeline creation and let's select our repo existing YAML files and let's choose run publisher dot YAML and let's go ahead with that. As you can see here, our changes has been reflected and let's go ahead and save our pipeline. And let's go back to pipelines, select all, and let's rename our API pipeline and let's call it publisher. And let's save our changes. Now let's get back to my pull request, and I'm going to go ahead and approve it. And let's complete it by merging it to the main branch. And as soon it's going to be merged. The publisher pipeline is going to be automatically kicked off to deploy our changes to all environments, Dev, QA and prod in three separate stages and the publisher pipeline is being kicked off. However, we are getting some errors, so let's get inside and see what's wrong. As you can see here, we need to install this tool from Visual Studio Marketplace. So I'm going to go ahead and open Visual Studio Marketplace. So we can install replace token. As it's been highlighted here, we need to install replace tokens tool. So this is going to be our tool. Or if you want to search for replace tokens, it's going to be the one that we need to install. Make sure that you are choosing Azure DevOps on the top here. Now let's select replace tokens and let's get it and install it in our Azure DevOps environment. Let's install it into my org. All right, all set. Let's get back to my pipeline and let's run it one more time. And these are the three stages that I've talked about, even though we have extracted these artifacts from dev environments. We are going to push our changes to the environment first. And this is not a redundant work. We want to make sure that all of the environments stay the same at all times, and it's not enough to extract the artifacts from dev API management and push it straight to QA and prod. Maybe in an unlikely event, there are some odd things happened in a dev environment which is going to leave our dev environment different than QA and prod. That's why after we have extracted the artifacts from dev API management, we are going to push these artifacts into the same dev API management to ensure that all the environments had been deployed from the artifacts and I need to get in here and approve or provide a permission. To access API automation variable group. All right. My dev deployment has been completed. So and as you can see here, prior to QA and prod deployments, I will need to approve the deployment to these environments. If you remember, I added myself already as an approver on these two environments when we were creating environments under pipelines. So now we are deploying API in QA environments. But as you can see here, we are getting some errors. So let's get into the QA stage and see what's wrong. And if we scroll up a little bit, you will be able to see that there is something is wrong here. There is an authorization, failed error and there is a keyword here that doesn't have authorization to perform the action on a APM. So let's copy this keyword. And see. What is it? Let's copy this. Go ahead and go to. Azure portal and let's search for this keyword. Probably we won't find any results. So let's go to Azure Active Directory. And let's search for this. Good. And as you can see here, this is an enterprise application that's been created for me when I created my dev ops organization to allow the access between my dev ops org and my Azure subscription. And the error that we have got says that this user or this enterprise app doesn't have permission on this resource. So we are going to go back to our subscriptions and allow this enterprise app. To have an access to our. Subscription, so I'm going to browse to my subscription, go to Access Control, and then I'm going to add role assignment. I'm going to choose contributor. Go to the next step and let's select the members. And then let's put my name or if you want to go back to the Azure. Active Directory and go to your enterprise app. You can copy the name of your app and put it in the subscription here to make sure that you are selecting the right app. And now let's go ahead and select it and then let's assign this role. All right. Now let's go back to our pipeline and let's rerun the deployment. Probably I will need to approve it one more time. Yes, let's review and approve. Now, we have kicked off our QA deployment. All right. My QA deployment has been completed. I need to review and approve my prod deployments and let's go ahead and allow my prod environment to access my variable group. And let's go ahead and approve the deployment. All right. Now, the prod deployment has been completed and we have all green for the three stages of our deployment, the QA and prod. And that's not all. This is just a very simple setup for Azure pipelines for our API management. And in the next few videos we are going to see more complex scenarios in using these pipelines. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.