Hi everyone. In the previous video we have seen how can we create a simple CICD pipeline for our API management? Now in this video we are going to go ahead and import an API in dev API management and then we are going to use the pipeline to deploy the new API to QA and prod environments. So let's go ahead and go back to our CI CD dev API management, and let's go to APIs and let's add an API. Open API and let's put demo conference API URL and the API URL suffix is going to be demo. And let's go ahead with that. Probably I'm going to expand on full settings to put our API in starter product and let's go ahead and create our API in dev. API management. All right. Now we have imported demo conference API into our dev API management. Now let's go to our pipelines and let's run the extractor to extract the new definitions. We have now in our dev API management and I need to provide this information. So this is the name of my dev API management. And then let's copy the resource group name. Let's put my repo name. Apim. On my folder artifacts. And let's go ahead and run the Extractor pipeline. All right. My extractor pipeline has completed its job. So let's go back to my pull requests and let's go to the active pull requests and let's have a look at the files that's been generated for this change. As you can see here, we have a new API for demo conference API with all its specifications and API information. So let's go ahead and approve the PR and let's merge it to the main branch. And as soon that's going to be merged, the publisher pipeline is going to be kicked off, as you already see. To deploy this change to a dev environment and then move it onto QA and then prod. All right. My dev deployment has completed now let's approve QA deployment. All right. The deployment has been completed, so let's approve, prod the deployment. And while we are waiting for it, let's go back to our API management and have a look at our API management. As you can see here, here is the demo conference API that we have just imported from dev through the pipeline. And let's go ahead and test it too just to make sure everything works fine. Let's select get speakers operation and let's send a request. As you can see here, we are getting 200 response codes. Now let's go back to Azure DevOps and wait for the prod stage to be completed. All right. Now let's go back to our API management and go to our prod API. And as you can see here, we have demo conference API imported through the pipeline. And let's go ahead and test get speakers operation. And let's send the request. As you can see here, we are getting 200 response codes. So this is just to show you how can we import an API in one environment in dev and then using the pipeline, we are going to be deploying it to different environments to QA and prod. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.