Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we create a named value in dev API management and how the pipeline will handle that named values. Is it going to be moving it as it is or it's going to make some changes? So let's go to our CI CD dev API management and let's go to Named Values and let's add a new named values. Let's call it secrets and display name secret as well. And type secret. And let's put Dev in the value. And let's go ahead and save. Our named value. All right. Now my name. The value has been created. So let's go to a pipelines and let's run the extract or pipeline. So I'm going to copy the name of my CI CD dev API management and the resource group of my dev API management. And then I'm going to put API the name of my repo. Then artifacts folder and let's go ahead and run the extract or pipeline. All right. The extractor job has completed. So let's go to the pull requests and let's go to active pull requests. Let's have a look at the new pull request we have here. Yes, this is our change. We have added a new named value with the name of Secrets. Let's go ahead and approve this change and let's merge it to the main branch. And as we are doing this, it's going to kick off a new publisher. Deployments. So let's have a look and see what's going to happen. All right. The deployment has been completed, so let's approve the deployment. Great the deployment has completed. So let's go ahead and approve prod. Deployment. And while we're waiting for prod deployment, let's go and have a look at CI CD. API management. And let's go to the named values. But we don't see our named values that we have created in dev environment. If we go back to CI, CD dev API management, we have secret named values had been created, but after we use the pipeline it hasn't been moved over to the QA environment. Why is that? Let's wait a little bit for the prod deployment to finish and let's check the prod environment as well. As you can see here, same result. We don't have secrets named value created in either QA environment or prod environment. And the reason for this. If we go back to our repo and go to configuration QA HTML. And if you remember I mentioned that we are using this file to overwrite certain values when it comes to these different categories and name the values is one of the key things here because when we have a named value in dev environment with a specific value, we are not expecting it to be the same in QA environment or prod environment. So we have to specify our own. So let's go to the. Configuration. Scxml And let's add a named value. For secrets. So I'm going to go to the configuration dot product YAML sample file and I'm going to put a link for this file in the resources and let's copy one of these tags. And let's move it to our configuration dot HTML files. Let's put two spaces and then let's change the name, the values name to be secrets. And the display name is going to be secret as well. However, the value here, I'm going to specify something different. I'm going to put Q A because we are in QA environment and let's copy this. Over. To prod environment as well. But let me commit it first. So let's go to configuration dot product YAML and under named values. Let me edit the file first and under named values. Let's paste this. Tag. However, in the value here, I'm going to put prod and let's go ahead and commit this change. Now let's go back to our pipelines and run a new pipeline job to publish all artifacts in the repo. And let's go ahead and run it. All right. Dev deployment has completed, so let's approve the deployment. All right. QA deployment has completed, so let's approve prod deployment and let's go have a look at CI, CD, QA, APM. And as you can see here, we have a secret named value. And if we see the value in there, it's going to be the QA value that we have put in our qa yaml file. Now let's wait for the prod deployment to be completed and then we can check the prod named value as well. All right, Prod. The deployment has been completed. So let's go and have a look at CI, CD prod APM. And if you go to named values, you will be able to see secrets named value with value prod that we have specified in our prod YAML file. This is to show you how can we use configuration dot yaml files to override certain values that are coming from dev environments? Having said that, it's not a really good practice to keep your secrets in configuration files. So that's why in the next video we are going to see how can we store these secrets in Key Vault and reference them in our configuration YAML files here from our pipelines. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.