Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we store our secrets in named values in Azure Key Vault. But first, let's go ahead and create an Azure key vault. So let's go ahead and create a new one. And I'm going to put it in CI CD dev Resource group and I'm going to call it Key Vault CI CD Dev and I'm going to host it in Australia East region. It's going to be standard. I'm going to reduce this to retain deleted vaults to seven days. And let's go ahead and create our vault. All right. My key vault had been created. So let's go to my key vault secrets. And let's go ahead and add a new secrets. Let's call it key Vault secrets. And let's put the value here. Key vault Dev. And let's go ahead and create our secret. All right, Now let's go back to our CI CD dev API management, and let's go to Named values and go to Secrets. Now we are going to change our secret type from secret to Key Vault. And we'll need to choose our secret value from our key vault in our subscription. So I'm going to choose the key vault we have just created and key vault secrets. And let's go ahead and select it and let's save our changes. As you can see here, it asks us to enable managed identity on our CI CD dev API management to be able to access Azure Key Vault. So let's go ahead and do that. All right. Now I have changed my name to value secret to get the information from Key Vault. Now let's go ahead and run our extractor pipeline. Let's run our pipeline and let's specify these values. The name of our CI CD API management and the resource group name API in our repo name and Artifacts folder. And let's go ahead and run the extract or pipeline. All right. The extractor job has completed, so let's go to our pull requests. Let's have a look at the active. Let's have a look at the files. And as you can see here, we have changed our named value secrets to get the information from Key Vault. Let's approve this change and let's merge it to the main branch. And as we are doing this, it's going to kick off a popular deployment to deploy our change on dev, QA and prod environments. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's approve the deployment. As you can see here, we are getting an error when we try to deploy to QA environments. Let's have a look and see what's wrong. As you can see here, we need to specify key vault information in our configuration YAML files. So let's go to our configuration HTML file. As we have configured it, we have configured it putting the secret as a value in the named values, which is not going to work. We need to change it to get the secret value from Key Vault. So let's edit this file and let's go to our configuration dot product YAML and copy this section. So we are going to use it in our configuration dot a dot html file. So I'm going to copy these three lines only. And I'm going to put them instead of the name. The value. Value. Now we need to specify two values. Identity client ID for our API management and the secret identifier. Secret identifier is very easy, so if we go back to our key vault and go to our secrets and then select this version, we should be able to find the secret identifier. We should be able to copy the secret identifier from here. And let's move it across. To the configuration dot HTML file. Now we need to go back to our ci cd QA. APM And let's scroll down to enable managed identities on CA APM. If you remember, we haven't had to do that for dev environment because when we were pointing our named value secrets to get the value from Key Vault, we automatically enable the managed identity on dev APM. Now let's go ahead and turn it on and let's save our changes. All right. Now we have created managed identity for our queue API. So let's copy the principal ID. And put it in our configuration dot HTML. And let's go ahead and commit our changes. And let's go to our pipelines and run. A publisher deployment. To deploy all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve deployment. All right. Now we are getting another error for our deployments. So let's go in there and see what's wrong. And as you can see here, secret identifier is not in the correct format, which is absolutely true. I just copied one part of the secret identifier, so let's copy the whole identifier and put it in our configuration dot HTML and let's go ahead and commit this change. And let's go back to our publisher pipeline and let's trigger a new build to publish all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve a deployment. And we are getting another error for our QA deployment. Let's get in there and see what's wrong. Now we are getting another error. The pipeline cannot find the managed identity that we have provided, and that's weird. Now let's go back to our Azure Active Directory. And let's try to search for this managed identity number. So I'm going to copy the managed identity ID of my API management and I'm going to search for it in my Active Directory tenant. And as you can see here, we have found it, but it has a different ID there. Probably we should have used the application ID instead of the object ID when we were providing the ID in the configuration dot html file. So let's replace the identity client ID with the application ID that we have got from Azure Active Directory. And now let's commit this change. And let's go to our pipelines and let's trigger a new publisher pipeline for all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's approve the deployment. And we are getting another error in QA environment. So let's get in there and have a look and see what's wrong. And as you can see here. The app ID that you have used doesn't have. Get secret permission on the key vault. And if you remember, we didn't have to do this in APM dev environment because all of that has been activated automatically. So let's go back to our key vault. And let's go to access policies. And let's create a new access policy. This is the CI CD dev for API management, if you remember, and we will need to add the same permissions for CA and prod but prod. It's not going to work at the moment because I haven't created a managed identity for prod API. So let's go and create a new access policy. Allow get and list secrets for. Our ID, which is CI, CD, QA, APM, and let's go ahead and create this access policy and let's go back to our pipeline and let's run publisher pipeline one more time. And run it across all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve QA deployment. All right. Deployment has completed, so let's go back and check our CI, CD, QA, APM. Let's have a look at our named values. Let's check the secrets. As you can see here, it's appointed to our key vault. Having said that, we should have created another secret for our QA environment. So let's go back to our Azure Key Vault secrets and let's go ahead and create a new secret value for our Q A environment. Then the secret I'm going to put. Key vault. Key. And let's go ahead and create this secret. Now let's get into our secret and let's copy the secret identifier. And let's move it across to our configuration. QA dot html. Let's edit this file and let's replace our secret identifier. And let's commit our changes. And let's get back to our pipelines and let's cancel the shop and let's trigger a new publisher build to deploy all artifacts in our repo. And the reason we are doing this is we want to have different secrets for different environments. And since this was the secret for our dev environment, then most probably we will need a different secrets for our QA environment. That's why I created another secret to have QA settings separately than dev environment. Obviously in your environment you should have created different key vaults for different environments. However, for the sake of time and simplicity, I just used our key vault that we have created for Dev. All right. Now let's get back to our pipelines and dev deployment has completed. Let's approve a deployment. All right. A deployment has completed. So let's go back to our QA API and let's go to named values. And as you can see here, it's referencing our key vault and the secret name we have created for QA environment. Now, before we go ahead with prod deployments, we need to go and do all of these steps at once and now since you have known all of them already, so let's do them quickly. First of all, let's go to prod API and let's enable managed identity on prod API and let's save our changes. And let's go back to our configuration file and let's copy this section and move it across to prod YAML file. Let's edit this file and let's replace named values value with key vault section. Let's just adjust the alignment and we are okay. All right, This is my principal ID, so I'm going to copy it and search for it in my Azure Active Directory. So this is going to be the ID that I'm going to be using in my configuration file, the application ID. So I'm going to copy the application ID. Into my product YAML file and this is going to be my identity client id. Now I need to create a third secret in my key vault. I'm going to call it Key Vault secret prod. And my secret is going to be key vault prod. And let's go ahead and create a new secrets and let's get into our secrets. And let's copy our secret identifier and let's move it across to the configuration dot product YAML. That's all we need to do in configuration dot product HTML. Now let's go ahead and commit our changes. Now we need to do one more thing on the key vault side. Let's go to our key vault access policies and let's grant get and list secret permissions for the prod API management. Let's go ahead and create a new access policy allowing get and list secret permissions on. Our prod API management. CICD. Prod API management and let's go ahead and create this access policy. Now let's go back to our pipeline and try to approve prod deployment and see if it's going to work straight away or we will need to trigger a fresh build. But we are getting an error here. So let's get inside and see what's wrong. As you can see here, cannot provide both value and key vault. So probably we need to trigger a fresh build for both. So let's go to our publisher pipeline and let's run a new build to publish all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's approve the deployment. All right. Deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve prod deployment and let's go back and validate our API. Let's go to our QA API. Name the values as we have configured it, our key vault name and our secrets that we have created for Q A environments. Let's go back to our pipeline and wait for prod deployment to be completed. All right. Prod the deployment has completed as well, so let's go and validate it. Let's go to prod API named values. As you can see here, it's been assigned to our key vault and our prod secret that we have created. This is the best way to store your secrets instead of storing them in a plain text in configuration file because you know your security architects will not love that. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.