Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we create or assign application insights Logger into different instances of API management. And we are going to do that through the pipeline. But first let's go ahead and create some app insights instances for different environments. So let's go ahead and create an application Insight instance. I'm going to put it in CI, CD dev Resource Group, I'm going to call it AI API. I'm going to put it in Australia East region workspace based and let's go ahead and create our dev app insights. And let's go ahead and create two more app insights, one for QA environment and one for prod. So let's go ahead and create a new one. Let's put it in CI, cd, QA resource group and let's call it I, APM, QA environment. And let's go ahead and create our QA app insights. And finally, let's go ahead and create the prod app insights. Let's put it in CI, cd prod resource group. Let's call it AI, APM prod. And let's go ahead and create our prod app insights. Let's go back and have a look at our dev app insights and it's been created. So let's go back to my CI CD dev API management and let's scroll all the way down to App Insights and let's add a new app Insights into my dev API management and let's choose my AI API that I've created for my dev environment. And let's go ahead and add this app Insights logger in my API management. All right, all good. Now let's go to my pipelines and let's run the extract or build. And let's fill in this information. Let's scroll all the way up and copy the name of my API. Let's put the name of my dev resource group. Repo name API and my folder is going to be artifacts and let's go ahead and run this job. All right. My extractor job has completed, so let's go to my PR. And have a look at the active PR. Let's have a look at the new change here. As you can see here, a new logger. Information been added for my dev instance. Let's go ahead and approve it and merge it to. The main branch. And as you are doing this, it's going to kick off a population job to deploy this change on all three environments dev, QA and prod. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's approve a deployment. All right. Deployment has failed. So let's go and have a look and see what's wrong. And as you can see here, one or more properties are missing. And it refers to the logger credentials. And as you might expected, we need to provide some information about our logger into our configuration YAML files. So I'm going to go to the configuration prod yaml file and let's copy this section here and let's put it in our configuration. Ditka HTML. All right. Now I'm going to do some changes here. I need to change the logger name to be the name I have created in my dev API management, which is going to be AI API. And then the logger type here is going to be application insights. Description for Application insights. Then I need to put a resource ID. Let's make sure it's going to be in one line and let's put my resource ID. So let's go to my App Insights instance. And firstly, I need to copy my subscription ID. And put it here after subscriptions. Then I need to put my resource group name. So let's go back to my app insights and let's copy the resource group name. However, this is the dev instance, so I need to go. To my app insights and go to my Q a App Insights instance and let's copy the resource group and let's put it in our configuration dot HTML. Now at the end here, I need to put the name of my Q a app insight instance. Let's copy the name over into my configuration dot HTML. And here we need to specify some credentials to access Q app insights. So. Let's go back to my app insights and in the connection string here, you should be able to see instrumentation key. So let's go ahead and copy this key and move it over to the instrumentation key. Now. We need to clean it up a little bit. All I need is just this. Give it. All right. Now let's go ahead and commit our file. But before we do that, let's fix the alignment a little bit to make sure everything is all right. All right. We are all good. Now let's go ahead and commit our change. And let's go back to our pipelines and run the publisher pipeline one more time. Let's run a new job to publish all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve deployment. All right. Deployment has completed. So let's go back to my. Kua API management and have a look at my application insights settings. As you can see here we have i api m, which is the same name we have already configured for our dev environment. So if I'm going to go back to my dev API management, we have configured our app insights in dev API to be I, API m and we have exactly the same in QA environment. Why is that? So it might sound a little bit confusing, but the name looks similar, but the description and content is different. And if you look here, this is the description we have provided in our configuration dot html like QA app insights. Here is the description we have provided and if we get into this app insights, it will direct us to the CA app insights that we have created for our CA environments using the instrumentation key that we have specified in our configuration. CA dot html. Now let's go ahead and do exactly the same for prod configuration yaml file. So I'm going to copy this section here and move it over to the configuration dot product YAML. And the name is going to be I Apim, which is the name we have already specified in our dev instance of the API management. And the description here is going to be prod application insights. Then the resource id, I need to go to my prod app insights. And copy the resource group name. And the subscription stayed the same. Resource group name here is going to change to be my prod resource group. So I'm going to go back. Okay, This is my cue, for instance, of my app insights. So let's go to Application Insights. Let's go to the prod app insights and let's copy the resource group name. I move it over to my configuration dot product YAML. Now I need to put the name of my prod application insights. So let's copy the name over to my configuration prod dot HTML. Finally, I need to put the instrumentation key. So let's go back to my prod application insights and let's copy the connection string. And let's move it over to the configuration dot product HTML. And let's clean it up. All I need is this good. All right, now we are all good. Let's go ahead and commit our changes to the configuration dot, product dot HTML, and let's cancel this job and let's kick off a new one. On our publisher pipeline to deploy all artifacts in our repo. All right, my div deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve a deployment. All right. My deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve prod deployment. And let's go back to my. A apim and confirm my change. Let's scroll down to Application insights. And this is the name we've specified in our dev API management. And if we get in there, we are going to go to the Q A application insights instance. Now let's wait for the prod deployment to be completed. And let's verify. Prod the changes as well. All right. My prod deployment has completed as well. So let's go to my prod API and have a look at our changes. Let's go to prod API M go to application insights. As you can see here, this is the name we have created in Dev instance, and our description we have put in our configuration dot product dot HTML. And if we get in there, we are going to get into prod application insights instance. This is to show you how can we use different app insights instance for different API management instances across different environments? And of course we are able to do this with the help of configuration HTML and configuration dot product HTML. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.