Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we assign different backing the APIs for different API management instances across different environments? Like we are going to have the same API here, but it's going to be pointing to different backend API for different environments. Now let's go ahead and create a function app. Let's go ahead and create a new one. Let's put it in CI CD dev resource group and let's call my function app name. API function app. Let's put my initials at the beginning. All right. Let's use Dotnet version six. And my region here is going to be Australia East. And let's leave everything to the default values and let's go ahead and create my dev function app. All right. Now my function app has been created, so let's go to my function app and create a new function. Let's go ahead and create a new one. Based on HTTP trigger and let's go ahead and create our function. All right. Let me go into this function here and let's change the response code a little bit to help us identify the environment of this function. Sorry, I meant to say the response message, not the response code. I need something to tell me that. Okay. This is the environment. As simple as that. This is dev environment as you are running this function up for our dev environment. All right. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let's go back to my dev API management. And let's go ahead and add or import, so to speak, a functions app that we have just created. Let's go ahead and browse it and let's select my API function app and let's select HTTP trigger one. And let's go ahead and add our function app. All right. My API has been imported, so let's go and test it. Let's go to the get operation and send a request. As you can see here, we have this is the environment in our response message. Now let's go to our pipelines and let's run the extract our pipeline. And we need to specify this information. So I will go to my CI CD dev API management and copy its name and the resource group name of my dev API management and also putting my repo name and artifacts folder. And let's go ahead and run the extractor job. All right. The extractor job has completed, so let's go ahead and. Have a look at our active pull requests. Let's have a look at our change here. As you can see here, we had a new API been added to our function app. Now let's go ahead and approve this change and let's merge it to the main branch which is going to kick off a new publisher job. To deploy this change on dev qa and prod. All right. My div deployment has completed. Let's go ahead and approve the deployment. All right. My deployment has failed, so let's have a look and see what's wrong. And as you can see here, we have a missing property. The function app key is not there. So what is that key? If we go back to our API for dev environments and if we have a look at named values, we should be able to see A new key has been added for our named values for the function app that we have created in dev API management. And since we don't have this key in our configuration dot HTML, then it triggered an error. So what I'm going to do now is to add a new name, the values for the function app key that we have in dev environment. So let's go ahead and do that. Let's go to my configuration dot product HTML sample file and let's copy this section here to add a new named value in our configuration dot HTML. And let's put it, let's edit our file first and let's put it on top here. All right, let's change the value name. So I'm going to call my name. The value in the environment. Actually the same name and same display name as well. And I'm going to show the value I have in dev environment. And then I'm going to copy it over to my configuration dot HTML. And as we have said before, this is not a good way to put your secrets in configuration files. The right way to do it is through Azure Key Vault. I'm just doing it here for the sake of simplicity. Now let's go ahead and commit our change. And let's go back to our publisher pipeline and let's. Trigger and you build to deploy all artifacts in our repo. All right. My dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and deploy or approve a deployment. All right. QA deployment has completed as well. So let's go to my. APM. In QA environment and have a look at the named values. As you can see here, we have got our Functions app key added into our QA Apim and if we go to our APIs we should be able to see the API we have added. That's pointing to our. Function app we have just created. And let's go ahead and test the get operation here to make sure everything works fine. And now we are getting this response code. This is dev environment. However, we are in QA environment and this is exactly what we need to do in this video. We want to have an API in our API management like API function app API and we want to point it to a different back in the API for different environments. So I'm going to go ahead and create a new function app for the environment. So let's go to Functions app. And let's go ahead and create a new one. I'm going to put it in CI, cd, QA resource group. I'm going to call it a APM function app QA. And I'm going to select the net version six. And I'm going to put it in Australia east region and let's go ahead and create our function app. All right. My function app has been created. So let's go to my function app and let's create a new function. Let's go ahead and create a new one. Based on HTTP trigger and let's go ahead and create it. All right. My function has been created. So let's go to my function and let's change our response message. Let's make it. This is QA environment and let's go ahead and save our changes. Now, as you might have expected. We will need to edit our configuration for HTML. To allow us to point our API to the Q, a function app that we have created. So let's go to the configuration dot product, HTML sample file, and let's scroll down to the backend section and let's copy this section here. And let's put it in our configuration QA dot HTML. Let me edit this file first and let's go to the back end and let's put this section. All right. Now I need to edit the backend name here to be the name of my API. I've imported in dev environment, so I'm going to copy the API m function app and I'm going to put it in my configuration dot scxml. Then I need to specify the URL of my function app in QA environment. So let's go to my QA function app and let's get URL for this function. Let's get function URL and let's copy the whole thing. Let's edit it in our configuration file. Let's put it here. As you can see here, I need to put until API only so I will delete the rest. The function code and the HTTP trigger one. It's not required. And then let's put this URL. In here. All right. Now. We need to specify the resource ID for my QA function app. And to do this I need to put my subscription ID here. So let's copy it from here. Or you could get it from. The Azure portal here. If you go to any service, you should be able to find your subscription ID and copy it as well. So I'm going to put it in here after subscriptions. Then I will need to specify the resource group name. Of my function app. So let's go to my function app, go to overview tab and let's copy the resource group name and let's copy it over in our configuration YAML. Then we need to put the name of the queue a function app. So let's go to my queue, a function app and copy the name over to our configuration. Dot. All right, now we are all good. Except for one thing. We need to edit the name the value secret we have created before. Because if you remember, this is the name, the value of the dev environment and we need to have a different named value for the QA environment. And in order to get this value. So let's go to my function app. And let's have a look at my dev function app. If you look at app keys. You should be able to find the three keys master and default. They are already there. And then as we have added our div function app into our dev API management, this key has been auto generated for me and this key. That we are using in our configuration file. B and C. All right, Now let me open. My function app in a new tab. And see if we are going to have a similar key in my Q a function up. All right. And let's go to the app keys of my Q, a function app. As you can see here, we have only master and default. There is no key has been created for my API because I haven't assigned my function app to any API yet. So in order to be one step ahead and get the function app key for the environment, for my API management, I can go to my function app and add a new key. But the name here is going to be very tricky and it has to be very accurate. So let's go back to my dev key and let's copy the name we have here. We're going to use it as a reference into our new key. However, I'm going to change them here to Q A and then let's go ahead and create this key. So we are hoping when the QA function app gets assigned to QA API management, this key is going to be used. In API management named values so we can go ahead and copy this value over into my configuration shadow HTML. Let me do it properly. All right. Now, let's go ahead and commit my changes. And let's go to my pipelines. Let's cancel this build and let's kick off a new publisher job to deploy all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve deployment. All right. My cue for deployment has completed. So let's go to my QA. API management and have a look at my APIs. Let's go to API functions app. And let's go to the get operation. And as you can see here, it points us to the QA function app that we have created. And if we go to the test tab here and send the request we should get, this is key environment. So this is what we have done. We have repointed, our API that has this name in QA environment to look at this function app and it uses this key to validate itself. Now let's go back to my API management in QA environment and let's have a look at the named values. And as you can see here, this is going to be the value. If I'm going to show this key, this is the value that we have specified in our COA function app. So let's go to the COA function app. And have one more look at the app Keys to make sure there is no more keys has been created. So we are all good. So the key thing here is to be one step ahead and anticipate the app key that the function app is going to add after it's going to be added into an API management and you can use the name, the key name you have already in the environment as a guide for that. But definitely you will have to change the instances between dev, CA and prod. Now we are all done for QA environment. Now let's go and do the same for prod. So I'm going to go and create a prod function app. I'm going to put it in CI cd prod resource group. I'm going to call it a APM function app prod and let's use Dotnet version six. And let's suppose it in Australia is treason and let's go ahead and create my prod function app. And let's go ahead and create it. All right. My prod function app has been created, so let's go ahead and create a new function. And let's create a new function based on HTTP trigger. Let's go ahead and create it. All right. Now let's go ahead and change the response codes of my prod function app. And I'm going to change it to be this is prod environment. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Now, while we're here, let's go to my function app and create a new app key. For my prod API management. So let's go ahead and create a new key and I'm going to use my. Q. A. Function app key name as a reference here. So I'm going to copy this over to my prod functions app and let's copy the name over and change the QA to prod. The name simply starts with a p m Dash the name of your API management instance that you are going to import this function app into it. And this is the name of my prod API management instance. Now let's go ahead and create this key. All right, now let's go to my configuration Shadow HTML, and let's copy this section here. The name, the value for my function app key and copy it over to the configuration.prod dot html. So I'm going to put the key here under named values. However, I will need to change the value, of course. So I'm going to replace this key with prod. Key that I just created in Prod Functions app. So let's go ahead and do that. All right. Now we need to do something else. So I'm going to open configuration dot Scxml in a new tab, and I'm going to copy this section here that defines the backend API of my API function app API. So let's go ahead and copy this over into my configuration dot product YAML. All right. The name is going to stay the same. And the URL. Here we are going to change it. So let's go to my prod function app and let's go to functions. Go to HTTP, trigger one and let's get the function URL and let's copy it over to configuration dot product. I'm going to put the function URL here and I need to get rid of client ID and the code and HTTP trigger everything until API. Now for the resource ID here, I need to put my subscription ID, then I need to put my resource group name. So I'm going to go to my prod function app and copy the resource group name over into the configuration dot product HTML. Then I will need to specify the name of my prod function app. So let's go to my prod function app and copy the name into my configuration dot product yaml. All right, now we are all set. So let's go ahead and commit our changes in prod YAML file and let's go to our pipelines. Let's cancel this job and let's trigger a new publisher job to deploy all artifacts in our repo and let's go ahead and run it. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve deployment. All right. My deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve prod deployment. And let's go back to my A APM and let's verify it one more time. Let's go to my APM function app API. Let's select, get operation, and let's send a request. All right. This is the environment as we are expecting. Let's wait for the prod stage to be completed and then we are going to test our prod API management as well. All right. My prod deployment has completed. So let's go back to my prod API management. Let's have a look at my APIs. We have API function app and we have our get operation that points to the prod function app. We have created. Now let's send a test request. And this is prod environments. This is simply to show you how can we use our configuration YAML files to override the backend APIs for the APIs in our API management? It's a little bit linked to the named values as well. As we are doing this, we will need to override the values in the named value, like the function app key that are going to be added to the named values. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.