Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we configure diagnostic settings on a specific API in dev API management and how our pipeline will be moving this change across to other API management in other environments. Let's get started by going to our dev API management. And then let's go to APIs and I'm going to select Demo Conference API and then go to Settings. And I'm going to scroll down here and enable application insights logs on this specific API. Let's go ahead and do that. And as you can see here, we need to specify which application inside instance we need to send our logs to. And this is the app Insight instance that I've already assigned to my dev API management. So let's go ahead and select that and let's leave everything else as a default values and let's go ahead and save our changes. So there are two types of settings you need to be aware of. API specific diagnostic settings. This is where you need to enable your application insights logs on a specific API. And there is another application insight settings where you are adding an application insights instance to the whole API management in your environment. Now having said that, let's go to our pipeline and see how the pipeline will deploy this change to QA environments and prod. So let's go to the extract pipeline and let's go ahead and run a new build. So I need to fill up this information here. I will copy the name of my API management instance in dev environment and its resource group. Putting my repo name Apim Artifacts folder and let's go ahead and run our pipeline. All right. My extractor job has completed, so let's go and have a look at my pull requests. Let's go to the active pull requests and have a look at this change. As you can see here, we're adding the diagnostic settings information on this specific API demo conference API. Let's go ahead and approve this change and let's merge it to the main branch. And this is going to kick off a new. Publisher job to deploy our change on dev QA and prod environments. All right. This deployment has completed. Now let's go ahead and approve the deployment. All right. My deployment has completed. So let's go back and have a look at my API management. Let's look at API's demo conference API and let's go to Settings. And if we scroll down here, you will be able to see that app inside settings that we have specified in our demo conference. API has been moved across to QA environment. Even though the name looks similar to the dev app Insight instance. However, in QA environment it's again a point us to a different app insight instance for the QA environment. So if I'm going to go to my application insight settings in my QA API management and click on the name here, it's going to direct me to the Q a app insight instance. That's because we have already configured. If I go back to my configuration dot HTML, that's because we have already configured an app insights for our QA environment. However, if we haven't done that at the first place, we would need to override the app insight settings under API section here. So let's go ahead and do that. So let's go to my prod yaml file and let's go all the way down and copy the section here. The APIs section here. And let's copy it across to my configuration dot HTML and let's go ahead and edit our changes. All right, Now I need to put the name of my API here. And in this case, it's going to be demo conference API. Let's go to a dev environment first. Let's go to APIs and let's copy the name of Demo Conference API. All right now. The diagnostics name here. I'm going to leave it as application insights. And I'm going to make a slight change in the error category. I'm going to make it error. If you remember. In dev environment. We had set it. As information. But I'm going to change it to be an error for the QA environment to help us show the difference between both. Now I need to specify the subscription ID. And I'm going to put it here. Then I need to put the resource group name of my API management instance in a environment. So let's go to my environment and let's go to overview tab and let's copy the resource group name. Let's copy it across to my configuration dot HTML. Now we have providers API management services. I need to put the name of my queue API management and let's copy it across. Now I need to specify my Q a app insight instance, as you see here. So let's go back. To my application insights. And let's go to my app Insight instance for the API management and let's copy the name across to the configuration dot HTML. All right. We are all good. Let's go ahead and save our changes, even though it's not going to work. But I want to show you something. Let's go back to our pipelines and let's cancel this job. And. Let's kick off a new publisher job to deploy all artifacts in our repo. All right. Dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve a deployment. All right. Deployment has completed as well. So let's go back and check our API management and let's go to APIs. Demo conference API settings. We will see that nothing really has changed. We still have the error level set to the information. Now, if you remember, I told you that we need to do something different. We need to add a diagnostic settings as well. So let's go back to my. Configuration dot product YAML file and let's copy the diagnostic settings from here. And let's copy it across to the diagnostic settings in my configuration dot HTML. All right. I'm going to leave everything as it is except the logger ID. I'm going to copy it across from the logger ID I've already specified in my APIs. And let's copy the logger ID that I've specified in my API section. And let's put it across. Under diagnostics. It's going to be pointing to Q a up insights instance. Let's go ahead and save our changes. And let's kick off a new publisher build to deploy all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dave, deployment has completed. Let's go ahead and approve the deployment. All right. My deployment has failed. So let's have a look and see what's wrong. And as you can see here, the error message says that the logger id we have specified Kua app Insights logger doesn't exist, which is weird, right? Because if we go back to our app insights, we have already our Kua app insights. But if we get back to the error message and pay closer attention. You will be able to see that the pipeline is trying to locate this logger under API management instance in the QA environment. And if we go back to our API management and go to application insights, we don't actually have the name of a app Insight instance, we just have the name that we have specified in dev environment, even though it points us to a app insight instance. But the name is very similar to what we have in dev environment and you might have guessed it right. Let's copy this name across to my configuration QA html and let's put it. In the locker ID of my API and diagnostic settings. And let's save our changes. And let's get back and kick off a new publisher job to deploy all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve deployment. All right. Deployment has completed. So let's go back to my API management and have a look at the APIs. Go to demo conference API settings. And if we scroll down and have a look at the error level, it hasn't been changed in the configuration file. We have set it to error, but it's still set to information. Why is that? Because in my configuration HTML, I have copied the display name of my API. If I go back to the API, I have copied the display name of my API. However, I should have used the name of my API in the configuration html. So let's go ahead and do that. So I'm going to replace my API name with this one. And let's go ahead and save our changes. And let's cancel this job and let's kick off a new publisher job to deploy all artifacts in our repo. All right, Dev, deployment has completed. Let's go ahead and approve deployment. All right. Deployment has been completed. So let's go back to my API management and let's have a look at my demo conference API settings. And if you scroll down here, you will be able to see that the error level has been set to error as we have specified in our configuration QA dot HTML file. Now let's go ahead and do exactly the same for prod environment. So I'm going to copy this section over to configuration dot product HTML. I'm going to leave everything as it is except for my subscription. ID still use the same resource group name needs to be changed, so I need to go back to my prod API management and let's copy the name of prod resource group. No, my API management provider and I need to put the name of my prod API management. So let's go back and copy the name of my prod API management and let's put it here. And as you already know, I'm going to leave the logo pointing to AI, APM, which is the application insights instance that we have configured for prod environments. Again, this is just the name. If we get in there, we will be directed to the prod app insight instance. Now let's go ahead and. Open configuration HTML in a new tab and let's copy this section over the diagnostics section over to the configuration dot product HTML. And I'm going to copy the logger ID that I've specified in my demo conference API here, and I'm going to put it in the diagnostics section. All right. We are all good. Now let's go ahead and save our changes. And let's go and kick off. Let's cancel this job first and let's kick off a new publisher job. To deploy all artifacts in our repo. All right. And if deployment has completed. So let's go ahead and approve the deployment. All right. And deployment has completed. Let's go ahead and approve prod deployment. And let's go back and have a look at our API management one more time. Let's go to APIs, demo Conference, API settings. And our app Inside Settings is set to error, which is different than what we've configured in the environment we have configured it. To sit at information. Now let's wait for the prod deployment to be completed. And let's have a look at our prod API management. All right. Prod deployment has completed. So let's go back to my prod API management and have a look at my demo conference API settings. And if we scroll down here, you will be able to see that our app insights log set to error as well as you have created in our configuration dot product HTML file. And again the App Insights name is pointing to the dev instance. However, this is just the name. If we go back to App Insights, we will be able to see the name we have configured in our dev environment. However, the description says it's a prod instance and if we get in there we are going to get directed to the prod app insights. And this is just to show you how can we use the configuration YAML files to override values between different environments for your API management? And it's not only restricted to these three environments only you are free to create as many environments as you like. Maybe you have 5 or 7 environments in your company, so you need to go ahead and do exactly the same for all other environments by creating a new environment first in the pipelines and then you put the environment name in the configuration YAML files. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.