Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we extract specific APIs from our dev API management and move these changes across to different environments? Let's go to the Extract tour pipeline. And if you remember when we were running our pipeline, we were always extracting all definitions and configurations from our dev API management. However, in some situations you might want to extract the definitions for some APIs only. This is where the configuration extract or HTML becomes very helpful. But first, let's go ahead and add this configuration file into our repo. So let's go to my repo and let's add a new file. With this name configuration dot extract or dot html. And let's go ahead and create it and let's go back to our GitHub repo and have a look at this sample file. It's a very simple we just need to specify the API names that we need to extract when we run the extract over pipeline. So let's go ahead and copy these three lines and put them across in the configuration dot extract or dot yaml. Now if I get back to my dev API management and I'm going to choose one API only, let's say echo API and let's go to settings and let's copy the name of my Echo API and let's go to the configuration dot extract or dot YAML and let's put my API name as simple as that. Now let's go ahead and commit our changes. And let's go to my pipeline and run. And you extract all job. Let's put the name of my API management instance in dev environment and let's put the resource group name and the name of my repo. Here we use to extract all artifacts in our artifacts folder. Now I need to specify another folder to hold up the artifacts for eco API only. Let's call it eco API artifacts. And in here, instead of choosing extract all artifacts, I'm going to extract the definitions. I have only specified in the extract HTML file and let's go ahead and run our extract or job. All right. The extractor job has now completed. So let's go ahead and have a look at our pull requests. And let's have a look at the active pull requests and let's look at the files. And as you can see here, we have only extracted the Echo APIs, artifacts, as we have specified in our extract job. It's very important not to use the same folder that you are using to extract all definitions. Otherwise we are going to overwrite each other. Now let's go ahead and approve our changes and let's merge it to the main branch. And as we have merged, this PR and new publisher job has been kicked off to deploy our change to dev QA and prod. All right. Diff deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve the deployment. All right. Deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve prod deployment. All right. All good for all environments. And this is to show you how can we use the configuration extractor to extract the artifacts of certain APIs? But someone might say this is not an automated approach. Every time I want to extract a specific API, I need to go ahead and change the configuration dot extract or dot HTML, which is not a good way. So in the next video we are going to see how can we add multiple configuration extractor files to allow us to extract the definitions for different APIs? And we will be able to choose this from the Extractor pipeline. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.