Hi everyone. In the last video we have seen, how can we use the configuration to extract or the HTML file to extract the artifacts of a specific API only instead of extracting all artifacts from our API management instance. And now we are going to see how can we add multiple extract or files so we can have each team have its own extract or file to extract the APIs that the team owns. And to do this, let's go to my repo, go to tools, pipelines and run extract. And in here you should be able to see these two values that we see when we run our extract job, either extract all or configuration dot extract or dot HTML. And what I'm going to do now is expand on that. I'm going to add, let's say that this file first, I'm going to add echo API dot YAML and I'm going to add one more file for demo conference API dot HTML and I'm going to add one more file for my function app that we have imported. And I'm going to call it function app dot YAML. And let's go ahead and commit our changes. And as you might expected, as you have added the three lines into our extracted HTML file, we will need to create these files in our repo as well. So I'm going to change the name of the current file to be extractor dot api dot html since it has only the definitions to extract the echo API. And let's go ahead and do that. And let me add a new file for. And let me go and open the extractor. Side to side so I can copy the names across. Let's copy the name for demo API. And I'm going to put. API names here is going to be if I get back to my dev instance, go to my demo conference settings. Let's copy the name of my API. And let's put it in extract or the demo API dot HTML and let's go ahead and commit this change. Now I need to add one more file. For the function app HTML. Let's go ahead and create it and let's copy these lines across. And let's go back to my dev API management and let's copy the name of my function app API. And let's commit this change. All right, we are all set. Let's go to our pipelines and let's run the extractor pipeline one more time. And as we are doing this, we have multiple options to choose from, whether to extract all artifacts from our dev API management or we just extract the artifacts of a specific API in our API management. And of course, as we are doing this, we need to specify different artifacts folder for different APIs. Otherwise we are going to overwrite each other. So I'm going to call it demo API artifacts for example. And let me put the name of my. There's API management. Should go in here and let's put the resource group name. And let's put my repo name. And now let's go ahead and run the extractor job to extract the demo API definitions and put it in demo API artifacts folder. Let's go ahead and do that. All right. The extractor job has completed, so let's go to my PR and have a look at what's changed. As you can see here, we added a new artifacts folder that has all changes for my demo API. Now, let's go ahead and approve. This PR and let's merge it to the main branch. Which is going to kick off a new publisher, build, as you already know. But let me show you another way to run or deploy this specific PR or this specific API using the publisher pipeline. If you go ahead and run the publisher pipeline, you will be able to see the main branch here and the artifacts folder that you want to deploy. And in this case, I need to specify my demo API artifacts folder and then I get to choose either to publish artifacts in the last commit only or publish all artifacts in a repo. Usually it's going to be a good idea to always stick to publish artifacts in the last commit. You only need to use publish all artifacts in a repo when you just first deploy your API in a new environment. Now let's go ahead and deploy this change based on the last commit and demo API artifacts folder. All right, Dave, deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve the deployment. All right. Deployment has completed. Let's go ahead and approve prod deployment. All right. We have been able to deploy our demo API to all environments and that's all I have for you in this video. I just wanted to show you how can we expand on extracting certain APIs from our dev API management instead of extracting all artifacts from our API management? That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.