Hi everyone. In the previous videos we have seen, how can we use the Azure portal to make a changes to dev API management? And then by using Azure DevOps, how can we move these changes across to other environments, to QA and prod environments? And in this video we are going to see how can we use Visual Studio code or any IDE you would like to make changes to your dev API management and then by using the pipelines we will be able to deploy these changes to QA and prod environments. Let's get started by opening my Visual Studio code and I'm going to go ahead and clone my repo in Azure DevOps. So let's go to my repo and let's go ahead and clone my repo. Now coming back to my Visual Studio code and let's clone my repo. All right. Now I have cloned my API repo. Now let's go to my workspace and let's open Artifacts, APIs, Demo Conference API, and then go to API information to Jason. And I'm going to do a very simple change. I'm going to change the subscription required and make it false instead of true. But me, mindful of something, we are on the main branch and we shouldn't be doing the changes directly on the main branch. So what I'm going to do now is to create a new branch and make my changes on this new branch. So let's go ahead and do that. Let's go to Source Control. And then let's go to brunch and let's create a brunch. Let's call my brunch change subscription. And let's go ahead with that. Now I am working on a change subscription branch, so let's go ahead and do this change. Let's change subscription required and make it false instead of true. And let's go ahead and save my changes. Now let's go ahead and commit and push my change to my branch change subscription branch. Let me put a commit message here. Change Subscription Required. Two folds. And now let's go ahead and push my changes. All right. Let's go ahead and do that. Now let's get back to my get repo. And from here you should be able to see different branches that we have in this repo. And this is the branches that I've used to make my change in Visual Studio code. Now what I need to do now is to create a pull request as I've made some changes in the change subscription branch. So let's go ahead and do a pull request. Now it might look a little bit familiar. This is where we get after we run our extractor pipeline. Usually when we run our extractor pipeline, we in the second stage, we create a pull request. And this is where we are at. So when we do our changes on Visual Studio code and then we raise the PR manually, we will get to the same state where we are running the extractor pipeline and make the extractor pipeline to create a pull request for us. Now I'm going to go ahead and approve this change and let's go ahead and merge it to the main branch. And this is going to kick off and you publish your job. That is going to deploy our change in dev, QA and prod environments. All right, Dev deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve code deployment. All right. Deployment has completed, so let's go ahead and approve prod deployment. And while we are waiting for this, let's go and have a look at our dev environment. Let's go to API's demo conference API settings. As you can see here, subscription required is false and it should be the same for QA environment. Going into QA API management API is demo conference API settings. And you will be able to see it. It's false. And it should be the same for prods after it completes the deployment by going to API's demo conference API settings. It is false as well. And I assume now if I go back and have a look at yes, prod deployment has completed as well. So this is to show you how can we use Visual Studio code or any IDE to manage your API management instance across different environments? That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.