Hi everyone. In the previous video we have seen how can we secure the access to our APIs in API management by using Azure Active Directory? Now in this video we are going to see how can we use Azure B2C to secure the access to our APIs in the API management? It follows the same concept where we are going to acquire a token from Azure Active Directory, B2C and use it to validate our access to the APIs in API management. Now let's get started by going to my Azure B2C tenant that I've created, So I'm going to go to the Azure Active Directory and then go to manage tenants. Then I'm going to switch to my Azure B2C tenant where I'm going to create the different apps that I'm going to use to get me the token that I need to access my APIs in the API management. Now this is my Azure B2C tenant. Let's go to app registration and as we have done before, we are going to create two apps, one backend app, which is going to represent the backend API that we host in our API management. And the other app is going to represent the front end app, which is going to be the developer portal that we are going to use to test our scenario. Now let's get started by registering the backend app and let's leave everything to the default values and let's go ahead and register the backend app. First thing I need to do here is to copy my backend app client ID because we are going to need it later on. So I'm going to put it in my notepad. Backend client ID, Let's move it here so you can see what I'm typing. And this is my client ID for the backend app. Now let's go ahead and create a secret. Let's call it sick and let's go ahead and add our secret for the backend app. And as we are here, it's important to copy the secret value, because if I browse the way from this page, I want to be able to view the value anymore. So let me copy the value in my notepad as well. Secret. Now let's go to expose an API and let's set application ID Uri for my back end app. And now let's go ahead and define a scope and let's call it AP M, And it's going to be the same for all of these fields. And let's go ahead and add our scope. And let me copy the scope as well into my notepad because you are going to need it later. This is all we need to do for the back end app. Now. We need to go back and create one more app for the front end. Again, everything to the default values and let's go ahead and register our front end app. And let me copy the client ID and let's put it in my notepad. Front end. Client ID, and let's go and create a secret. Let's call it sick. And let me copy the secret value into Notepad as well. Now let's go to API permissions and let's go ahead and add a permission. And select API is my organization uses and search for the backend app we have just created and let's select it. And as you can see here, you should be able to see the scope that we have created already in the backend app. So let's go ahead and take this on and let's add the permission to use this app. Now, the next step we need to do is to grant admin consent for my org and let's go ahead and do that. All right. So we have now created two Azure B2C apps and we have configured them properly. Now what we need to do next is to switch back to our main Active Directory so we can create an Azure function and import it in our Azure API management. And as before, we are going to manage tenants. And let's select the default directory and let's switch to it. Now let me browse to Azure Function app and let's go ahead and create a new function. I'm going to put it in org API dev resource group and I'm going to call it API, m b to C function app. And I'm going to choose Dotnet version six and I'm going to host it in Australia. East region. And let's leave everything else to the default values. Now go to monitoring here. Let's disable app Insights Monitoring. Now let's go ahead and create our function app. While we are waiting for this, let's switch back to my Azure B2C tenant and create a user flow that we are going to use in our scenario. So let's go to user flows and let's create a new user flow for sign up and sign in and let's use the recommended one. And let's call it APM. Sign up. Sign in. And then it's going to use email for sign up. And in the attributes here, it's going to be very tricky. And let's expand on this a little bit more. So we have two sets of attributes we need to define. Collect attribute and the claim attributes. Let's select display name, email, address, given name for both and surname as well. Now the tricky part that is going to be mandatory to tick on the user object ID for the return claim as we are using API. And if you didn't take this on you won't be able to get the user object ID from the response back. Let's go ahead with that and let's go ahead and create our user flow. All right. Now the user flow has been created. Now, let me get back to the function app and let's create a new function. Let's go ahead and create a new function app based on Http trigger and let's go ahead and create it. Now let's go to authentication and here we are going to add identity provider for the backend app. We have created in Azure B2C. So let's select the Microsoft. And then here I'm going to provide the details of the existing app registration. So I'm going to copy the client ID of the backend app I have created in the B2C tenant. And let's put it here. This is the wrong one. Let me copy the client ID. All right, now let's copy the backend secret as well. And now for the issuer URL, I need to go back to the user flow we've just created and let's get in there and click on run user flow and let's copy the well-known OpenID configuration URL and let's put it in the issuer URL of the function app. Now I'm going to choose to get 401 unauthorized error in case I have received unauthorized request or unauthenticated request. Now let's go ahead and add this authentication. All right. Now we have added the authentication for our function app. Now let's go to the API and let's go and import the function app into my APIs. Let's go ahead and add an API. Let's select function app and let's go to my B2C function app and let's go ahead and select it. Now let's go ahead and create an API for the B to C function app. All right. Now we have imported our function app perfectly. Now we are half way through. Now let's go ahead and define the two for our B to C tenants. And we have done something similar already with the Active Directory, but we are going to create something separate for the B to C, So let's go ahead and add a new one. Let's call it B to C and for the client registration URL, let's put a placeholder for localhost. Now for the authorization endpoint URL, let's go back to the user flow and copy the user flow URL and let's do some adjustments to it. Let's put it in notepad. So the first part is going to stay the same. My B2C tenant name dot b2c login.com, followed by my B2C tenant name dot on microsoft.com. And from here we are going to do our changes. So I'm going to take this off. I'm going to leave it to my user flow name that I've created. B to C underscore one underscore API sign up sign in followed by OS two. Then followed by version 2.0. Then followed by authorize. So this is going to be the authorization endpoint for my API. Let's put it here. And let's stick on the post verb as well. And for the token endpoint is going to be exactly the same. However, we are going to change the authorize at the end to token. And let's stick on the query parameters and the default scope. Let's go back to my notes here and let's copy the scope we have created for the backend app in my B2C tenant, and let's put it here. Now for the client credentials. Let's go back to my notes and let's copy the front end client ID and secret. Let's copy the client ID and the secret as well. And as we are here, I'm going to copy the authorization code, grant flow URL and put it back into the front end up in my B2C tenant. So I'm going to browse to my app registrations in my B2C tenant, then going to the front end authentication at the platform web and let's put the URL and let's go ahead and configure it. Now as we are here, let's click on access tokens and ID tokens as well. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let's go back to API and let's go ahead and create the OAuth two identity provider. Now we need to do one more thing to test this scenario using the developer portal. Let's go to identities and let's add a. Azure Active Directory, B2C, and let's say fill in this information. I need to provide the front end app client ID, so let's get it from my notes here. And I need to provide the secret for my front end app. Now I need to specify the sign in tenant and the authority back to my notes. And this is the URL we have copied before and in the sign in tenant, I'm going to copy the. B to C to the name followed by on Microsoft.com. And as I'm doing this, it's going to automatically fill the authority for my B to C login. Let's leave client library as it is for sign up and sign in policy. Let's get back. Probably I can get it from my notes as well and copy the sign up sign in user flow. We have created before and let's put it in the sign up policy and in the sign in policy. And as you are here, let's copy the redirect URL and go back to the app registrations in my B to C and the front end app authentication. And let's add a Uri for this URL. Actually, I'm going to do it twice. Firstly, I'm going to remove the sign in at the end of the URL and then I'm going to add another one as we have copied it from API. And the reason I have done this because if you stick to this URL only you won't be able to finish the scenario in the developer portal and at some point it's going to ask you to add this URL as well. So I added it both to just to make things easier for us. Now let's go back and add the identity provider. Now let me go back to my APIs. And select B to C function app and go to settings. And let's put this API in a product because we haven't done that already. Let's put it in starter products and then let's scroll down and choose our to. And in here we get to choose the OAuth two server and previously you have chosen Active Directory. Now we are going to choose B to see that we have just configured and let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let's go to Portal overview and let's go ahead and publish our developer portal. It's going to take a few minutes for the new version to be published and you can go to revisions here to see the progress of your publishing. All right. My developer portal has been published, so let's go ahead and open my developer portal. Actually, I'm going to open it in Incognito to give a better experience. Now let's go ahead and do sign in and let's select Azure Active Directory, B2C, and I don't have an account yet, so let's go ahead and sign up. And the email address. Let's put api m dash P to see at Outlook.com. And let's send a verification code. All right. I have received the verification code and let's go ahead and verify it. Let's put a password for my account and let's put the display name, which is my initials. And let's go ahead and create the user accounts. All right. And I need to provide the email address one more time to complete the signup part in the API. So I'm going to use API, m B to C at Outlook.com and let's go ahead and sign up. All right. We are all good. Let's go back to my gym and let's go to users under developer portal. And you should be able to see the new user. We have just signed up using the B2C tenant in my developer portal. And if we go back to my B2C tenant and go to users, you should be able to see the same user we have just created as well. All right. So far, so good. Now let's go back to the developer portal and let's go to products and let's subscribe to Starter Products. But I'm going to show you why do we need to subscribe for that if I'm going to go to APIs? And let's select B to C function app. And let's go ahead and try the get operation. As you can see here, there is no subscription key has been allocated for this new account and that's why I need to go to products and subscribe to the starter product to allow me to use these APIs to use a subscription key when I access these APIs. So I'm going to call it API, B to C account, and let's go ahead and subscribe for that. All right. Now we have got a subscription keys for the starter product that we can use in different APIs. That's set in the starter product. So now let's go back to APIs. B to C function app. Then we get operation. Let's go ahead and try it. And now we have got a subscription key. Now let's go ahead and select authorization code, which is going to allocate a, B to C token and it's going to put authorization header for me. With the token been received from Azure B to C. And as before, you should be able to see the token here as well. Now let's go ahead and send a request. And as you can see here, we are getting a 200 response code because we are using a valid B to C token to access the backend API in our API management. That's all I have for you. Related to securing the access to our APIs using Azure B2C. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.