Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we create our APIs using Self-signed certificates? First of all, let's go to Azure Key Vault to create a key vault. To generate a Self-signed certificate. Let's go ahead and create a new one. Let's put it in our dev resource group. Let's call it KV API cert and my initials at the end. Now let's put it in Australia east region and let's change the east to retain deleted volts to seven days, which is the minimum number of days. And now let's go ahead and create our key volt. Let's go ahead and create it. All right. My key vault is now created. So let's go to Key Vault and try to create a Self-signed certificates. However, as you may notice here, that we are not authorized to view this content or we are not authorized to create or generate a self-signed certificates. The reason for this is we need to allow myself, my user account, to be able to do these actions on the Azure Key Vault. So let's go to the access control Iam. Let's go to role assignments and let's go ahead and add a new role assignment. I'm going to search for key vault administrator. And going into members, I'm going to choose my user account and select it. Now let's go ahead and assign this role to allow me to generate Self-signed certificates on Azure Key Vault. Now, after the role has been assigned, let's go back to certificates. Let's refresh this page. Now I should be able to generate self-signed certificates. I'm going to call it cert. I'm going to call it CN cert.com. And let's go ahead and create our Self-signed certificates. All right. We are all good. Now let's go back to my API management. And let's scroll all the way down to certificates. And let's go to the certificates tab. So we can assign the Self-signed certificate we have created in Azure Key Vault in our API management instance. Now let's call it API cert. Now let's select our Azure Key vault. And let's select our certificates and let's go ahead and add it. And as you can see here, it asks me to grant list and get secret permissions for the Azure Key vault. So the API instance will have list and get permissions for secrets in the Azure Key vault. Let's go ahead and approve it. But as you can see here, we have got an error that the API is not authorized to do any changes in the Azure Key vault. And probably you have guessed it right. We might need to go back to the Azure Key vault and go to Access control and go to role assignment and let's go ahead and add a role assignment. Let's make it key vault administrator as well and let's select a member. But in this case, the member is going to be a managed identity, which is going to be my API management instance. So let's go ahead and select my API management and let's go ahead and assign this role as well. All right, now let's go back to my API management and let's hit on the add button one more time. All right. Now we have added the certificate in my API management instance, which is great. So this is going to be the certificate client certificate that the client has to send in their requests to the API management in order to get authenticated. Now the question is how we are going to enforce it. So let's scroll back up to APIs and let's go to Echo API for example, and let's select all operations and let's go to the policies. Now we need to add a policy definition here to enforce the authentication with our certificates. So let's go to Microsoft documentation here to see what kind of policy definition we should be using. We should be using authentication certificates and we have multiple options we could use. We could use a thumbprint. Let's try this first. Let's copy this one over and let's try it. So let's go to the policy definition and let's paste it. But I need to change the thumbprint here to be the thumbprint of my self-signed certificate that I've created. So let's go to my key vault and let's copy the thumbprint of my Self-signed certificate and let's put it over in the policy definition here. Let's go ahead and save it. However, it's not going to work. As you can see here, we have got a warning that we are trying to reference a certificate that's stored in Azure Key vault using the thumbprint. And the thing you need to keep in mind is every time you renew your certificate, you are going to get a different thumbprint. So it's not going to be very sustainable to depend on the thumbprint in your policy definition. If I try to override this and just save it in a way it won't allow me to save it because you're going to be risking breaking down your APIs if you completely depended on thumbprint for certificates stored in Azure Key Vault. So how can we overcome this? So let's go back to the documentation and let's copy another tag, which is certificate ID, So let's copy it over to the policy definition. However, I need to change the certificate ID here, but the question is which certificate ID I should be using. So let's scroll down to certificates and let's go to certificates. This is going to be my cert ID I need to use in the policy definition. So let's get back to my APIs. Echo API. And let's put the third ID in the policy definition. And of course, I need to copy this policy definition again and put it in my policy definition files. So let's put the API insert, which is the cert ID. In the right place and let's go ahead and save it. Now we have enforced the authentication using the client certificate. We have imported in our API management. So the clients have to send their requests with this client certificate and the API management is going to do the authentication on our behalf. This is all I wanted you to know. On how to use client certificates to secure access to your APIs hosted in API management. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.