Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about subscriptions in API management and subscriptions is the most common way to allow developers to use APIs that you published in your API management. And in this video we are going to see how can we manage subscriptions in API management. So let's go to my API management instance and then go to subscriptions. But before we do anything, let's talk a little bit about what is subscriptions. So when we publish our APIs in API management, we want to secure the access to our APIs in API management and using subscription key will be one of the ways we can protect our APIs in API management to ensure that only registered developers with valid subscription keys will be able to access our APIs in API management. And let's have a quick look and see how it works. Let's go to my APIs and browse to Demo Conference API and go to get topics. And let's go to the test tab. And in the Http request here, if you click on the I button here, you should be able to see the subscription key that is going to be included in the Http request we send to APIs in API management and this subscription key has to be a valid key. If the key is not valid, then the Http request is going to get rejected at the API management level and the request will not get forwarded to the backend service. And in order to set and specify whether your API requires a subscription or not, you can do this from the settings here. If we go to settings. And scroll a little bit down here. You should be able to see this checkbox that says whether subscription is going to be required for this API or not. And you can always allow your APIs to be accessible without any subscription. However, this is not recommended from a security perspective, as you already know. All right, Let's discard this one and get back to our subscriptions window. Key rotation is a very common security best practice. And we need to do it regularly. Some companies would ask you to do key rotations once a month. Some companies are going to ask you to do it once a year based on your company policy. And that's why API management provides you with two subscription keys to make key rotation process very easy for you with minimal disruption. So your app is going to use the primary key at all times. And when the rotation time comes in, you want to change your app settings to make the app use the secondary key of your subscription. Then you will go ahead to API management here and regenerate a new primary key for your subscription. And once the new key has been generated for the primary key, then you are going to change your app again to use the new generated primary key for your subscription and do exactly the same with the secondary key. This is to ensure that you are doing the key rotation with minimal disruption of your applications. As of now, there is no automatic process in API management that allows us to rotate the subscription keys automatically in API management, and the only way to do it is just switch between the keys as we are regenerating the new keys in our subscription. Having said that, when we use subscription keys, we usually use it over a long period of time, maybe a month or a year. And maybe if you want to enforce a more time, limited access to your APIs, then I would suggest you to review my previous videos on how to secure APIs in API management using Azure Active Directory tokens or Azure B2C tokens. Now let's talk about the scope of our subscription. So when we create a new subscription, we get to choose from one of the three options whether to make our subscription, allow access to all APIs in API management, or we could select a particular API in our API management and allow our subscription to be only use this particular API. And in here we need to choose which API we are after. Or we could be sitting our scope to be at the product level. And in here we get to choose which product we are after. And these are the three different options we could choose when we create a new subscription. However, there is one thing you need to be aware of. Built in all access subscription. This subscription keys have access to all APIs in your API management by default. And these keys are going to be used in API management when you test your APIs in the API management portal. This is just to allow you and make it easy for you to test the different scenarios using a built in all access subscription keys. Having said that, you should never use this built in all access subscription keys to access your APIs under any circumstances. Of course you are going to use it by default when you test your APIs in the API portal here, but you shouldn't be using it to access your APIs from Postman or from custom apps at all. The right way to do this is to create a new subscription for whoever wants to access your APIs or whatever apps wants to access your APIs and use the subscription key in their subscription. Now let's talk about the standalone subscriptions. Let's go ahead and add a new subscription, let's call it sub and let's make it the scope for one API. And as you can see here. I have to choose a user to select or assign it to the subscription. So let's say I'm going to select the administrator and let's go ahead and create this subscription. All right. My subscription now has been created. However, this subscription will be only valid for the administrator. We do have an option to create a subscription that is not assigned to any user. And let's call it standalone. And make it the scope for all APIs. And I'm not going to choose any user for this subscription and let's go ahead and create it. By doing this, we are creating a subscription that is not associated with a particular user. So we can use these subscription keys among a group of developers, but we need to manually share the subscription keys among them. However, it's not going to be really recommended to share one subscription key between many developers. As you already know, it's not as per security best practice. Ideally, you want every developer, even though if you are talking in a development environment, you want every developer to have their own subscription keys that they use to access APIs in API management. Now let's go ahead and delete these two subscriptions. Now, having said that, there is an important option we need to be aware of, which is allow tracing. And we have already seen it in previous videos when we need to test our API and see the trace log. Then we need to enable tracing for only one hour. It won't be enabled by default at all times because it exposes and leaks a lot of key information in your environment. And as you can see here, it will be enabled for only one hour and every time you will need to re enable it again. Having said that, it's important to restrict the use of the tracing log here in only development environment where you don't have any sensitive data or information about your customers or users and you should never use this option in prod environments. All right, that's good. Having said that, we can always go ahead and suspend a specific subscription if we want to or even cancel it or delete it. And the API management portal is not the only way we can create or add new subscriptions. Users and developers are able to do that through the developer portal as you have already seen before. So after each user logs in their account, they will be able to register or ask for a new subscription for a specific product or maybe all APIs in your API management. And it's up to you as an admin whether to allow the developers to get the registration created straight away or requires an admin approval before allowing developers to get an access to your APIs and your API management through subscription keys. All right. That's all you need to know about subscriptions and subscription key in API management. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.