Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we manage user accounts in API management? And when we say users in the context of API management, we of course mean developers. So let's go ahead to our API management instance and let's scroll down to users. And as you can see here, we have already two users been created in my API management. One user, which is the administrator, has been created by default when we created our API management. And the other user, if you remember, had been created through the B2C authentication that we have done in a previous video. Now let's go ahead and add a new user. Let's call it John Smith. And the email address is going to be API manual. User at Outlook.com and I need to specify a password for this user here. So I'm going to put a password as well. And let's go ahead and add it. Now, if we go ahead and open the developer portal and let's copy the URL of my developer portal and put it in Incognito Window. I should be able to sign in using John Smith's credentials, but I'm not going to do it in Azure B2C as we have done it before because it is a basic authentication. If we go back to the users of our API management instance, you will be able to see that this user is using a basic authentication type, not B to C or Azure Active Directory. So let's go ahead and put our email address API manual user at Outlook.com and let's put our password. And let's go ahead and sign in. All right. Now we have signed in as a John Smith. Now, if we go to products. But before we do that, let's go to profile. And as you can see here, we don't have any subscriptions assigned to John Smith at the moment because we haven't registered for any. So what we can do here is to go to products and we will be able to see different products in my API management instance. Let's go for starter product, for example, and let's go ahead and subscribe for this product. Let's call it John Smith subscription and let's go ahead and subscribe with this product. And as you can see here, subscription keys has been created for John Smith to allow him to be able to access and use all API's under starter products. And of course, they will have the ability to see the subscription keys and regenerate the keys to do key rotations on their own. All right. That's a straightforward scenario. Now, let's go back and have a look one more time at the Add option. In the Add option here, we had to specify the password for the user and the user didn't get any notification about their access on our API management. So another way to do this is to invite a user on your API management instance and in this case they will have the option to specify their own password from the get go. So let's say John Smith and let's put our email address manual API manual user at Outlook.com. But the problem here is, is we already have this email address registered in our API management instance. So let me go ahead and delete this user account first before inviting John Smith one more time to join my API management. So I'm going to put API manual user at Outlook.com and let's send an invitation to John to allow him to access our API management instance. All right. We have received the invitation to join the API instance. So let's go ahead and click on this link and then we will get to specify our own password. And then we'll be able to sign in to the developer portal. And we have just reset our password. So now we need to sign in again to our account. API manual user at Outlook.com. And let's put our password that we have just created and we can do as we did before. Go to products and subscribe for one of these products to be able to access all APIs under this product. Now let's go back to our API management instance. And having said that, we are also able to block a particular user from accessing our developer portal or we can delete their account altogether. Now let's go ahead and have a look at subscriptions because if you remember, we have already created a subscription for John Smith, and in here you should be able to see the subscription keys for John Smith accounts. And one more thing, just I want to call out as we are here, this email template is configurable. So if you go back to API management instance and scroll down to notification templates and go to invite user, this is where you can specify your own template that you want to be sent to users when they get your email invitations to join your API management instance. And pretty much you can change it as much as you like. Also, it's important to mention that when the user receives the invitation email to join API management, the invitation link is going to be valid for two days only. And if the user wants to reset their password, they can do that on their own or you can do that from API management portal as well by going to users select John Smith and you will be able to reset the password for them. And in here you should be able to see the subscriptions that John has registered for. However, we are not able to reset the password for accounts that's been created by B to C like this accounts because this account is managed completely by Azure B to C, and if the user wants to reset the password, they have to do it through Azure B to C. That's all I wanted you to know about managing users in API management instance. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.