Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about groups in API management and I want you to think of groups as an easy way for you to manage users and their access to products. And in API management, we have three main groups, the administrators group, and in this group we cannot add any new members to this group and it only contains the administrator of API Management, which is going to be the email address we have used when we created our API management instance. And if you wanted to change this email after the API management creation, you can do so by going to the notification templates. And then go to email settings. And in here you should be able to change the administrator email for your API management instance. Now going to the developers group and in here it will have all users. We are adding to the API management instance, all users that are supposed to have access to the API management through the developer portal. Finally we have the guest group which are unauthenticated developer portal users such as a prospective customers visiting our developer portal to see our products and our offering. And we could assign them a read only access to our environment. Now these are the three main groups in API management. However, we can go ahead and add our own group, let's call it. My group and let's go ahead and create it. And as you can see here, the three groups falls under system type. However, the group I've created falls under custom type. So let's get into my group and let's go ahead and add members to my group. Let's add all members. All right. Now we have added all three members to our custom group and we also are able to assign products to this group as well. So if we go back to products and let's select clients products, and if we go to access control, we should be able to add a new group to this product. As you can see already, administrators have got access to this group. And let's go ahead and add the custom group that we have created to be able to access clients product as well. All right. That's all you need to know about groups in API management instance. Again, as I said before, it's an easy way for you to manage your users and their access to different products in your API management instance. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.