Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about how can we secure access to the developer portal? And let's go to the documentation really quickly to see the different authentication options we could use and the different use cases and scenarios as well. So the first use case we have here is when you want to secure the access to the developer portal for external users. And for this use case, you want to use Azure Active Directory B2C to allow the external users to have a secure access to the developer portal and your APIs hosted in the API management. And we have done a detailed video on how to configure Azure B2C with API management under Secure APIs Access section. So go ahead and check it out if you haven't already. And the second use case we have here is when you want to allow internal users in your company to have a secure access to the developer portal and to the APIs hosted in API management. In this case, Azure Active Directory is going to be the best option you can use to allow a seamless single sign on experience for your internal users. And again, same as before, we have done a detailed video on how to configure Azure Active Directory to authenticate internal users with API management and you will find this video under Secure APIs Access section. So go ahead and check it out if you haven't already. Final option we have here or final scenario is when you want to implement a basic authentication for your users to be able to access developer portal and in this case you are going to provide or configure a username and password for your users to be able to authenticate and then will have a secure access to the developer portal and your APIs in the API management. And we have done a video about basic authentication as well. Having said that, it's not really recommended to use basic authentication at all. You should always aim to use either Azure Active Directory in case you want to allow or authenticate internal users, or you want to aim to use Azure Active Directory B2C. If you want to authenticate external users to provide them with a secure access to the developer portal and APIs in the API management. And again, we have done detailed videos about all of these scenarios before. You should be able to find them under secure APIs Access section, so please go ahead and check them out. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.