Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the developer portal. And I know this is not the first time we are talking about the developer portal, but this video, we are going to talk about it from a different perspective. So you can open the developer portal from many places, from the overview tab of the API management, or you can scroll down to the developer portal section and go to the portal overview. And in here you should be able to see two types of developer portal. The main developer portal and the deprecated developer portal. It's important to mention that the deprecated developer portal is going to be retired as of October 2023. And if you haven't migrated your content from the deprecated developer portal to the developer portal, it's going to be removed from the API management, as Microsoft said, in their documentation. So moral of the story, if you are still having content in the deprecated developer portal, please consider migrating it to the main developer portal before the time is due. And as you can see here, after we are doing some changes in our API management instance like adding an API or a product or configuring Azure AD or B2C authentication, you need to go and publish your developer portal to make sure that your changes you have done in the API management instance, it's going to be published and available for you to use in the developer portal. And after we publish the developer portal, you can check the progress of the publishing in the revisions here. So if I'm going to refresh this view, you will be able to see that this is pending revision that's still in progress and hasn't been deployed yet to the developer portal. And I need to wait until this is fully completed and this is going to be the current version to allow me to test my recent changes that I've done on the API management through the developer portal. All right. So let's get back to the overview tab and let's open the developer portal. And as you can see here, it's a fully customizable pages. You can add new sections as much as you like. You can add new menu items, you can add buttons. You can pretty much do whatever you want with a click of a button. You don't have to write any code to do all of these changes now. On the left hand bar here, you will be able to see different pages that are available for us in the developer portal. And all of these pages have been created by default when we created the API management instance. And of course you are free to go ahead and add any more new pages that you would like to add to your developer portal. And in the media here, it's going to be your media library where you are going to have your logos, images, videos. You could either upload them directly to the developer portal or you could provide a link to these resources. However, these resources has to be publicly accessible, so the API management instance will be able to grab these resources and add them to the media library on the go. And these are the different layouts you can have in your developer portal and you can go ahead and add a new layout. And this is the navigation bar for your API management or for your developer portal to see how the experience is going to look like for the authenticated user, anonymous user and anyone else. And these are the different URLs you might want to add in your developer portal, different settings of the developer portal as well. And here is different styles. This is where you are going to add new fonts, new heading level, and you configure these different things for your developer portal and you can go ahead and create a custom widget as well. And finally, when you do all of these changes on the portal, you can go ahead and publish your website, which is going to publish the developer portal and allow everyone to use it. Having said that, at the bottom bar here, you will be able to see the different screen sizes, how the developer portal is going to look like on different screen sizes like mobile tablet or a laptop. And also you are going to see how the developer portal looks like for admins, developers, guests or people in a specific group. So this was a quick run through of the developer portal to show you what are the different things you can do with it. And of course, as you have seen in previous videos, we primarily are using the developer portal to test our APIs, especially if we are using Azure AD or B2C authentications, and also to allow other developers or other API consumers to be able to test our APIs through the use of the developer portal. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I will see you in the next video.