Hi, everyone. In this video, we are going to talk about one of the most important metrics that you need to understand in your API management. And in this video we are going to talk about the capacity metric because capacity metric is going to help you to make informed decisions about scaling or upgrading your API management instance to help it to accommodate more workloads and to access the capacity metric. Let's go to our API management instance. And let's scroll down to metrics and you should be able to see the capacity metric on top of the list here. So when we say capacity metric, it's an aggregation of multiple things that are happening behind the scene. So capacity metric at a very high level is an indicator of the workload on our API management instance, and it reflects the usage of CPU memory and network queue length. For CPU and memory consumption. It includes many other things like API management, dataplane services, like request processing, forwarding requests or running a policy, whether they are inbound policy or outbound policy. Also it includes API management management, plane services, and it includes any management action we are applying on the portal or resource manager or maybe any load coming from the developer portal. Also selected operating system processes. It includes something like the cost of TLS handshakes on new connections. Finally, any platform updates that are happening on the operating system, on the underlying compute resource of the instance. All of these things that we have talked about are going to be summarized in the capacity metric. That's why it's very important to keep an eye on it and understand what does it mean when you have a high capacity consumption and low capacity consumption. Having said that, the capacity metric is one of the most important metrics in your API management. So don't ultimately depend on the capacity metric as the one way to tell whether there are something wrong with your API management or not. Having said that, it should be able to surface most of the problems and most of the issues in your API management. However, not all of them. Be aware of that. And as we are seeing this, the more complex operations we are running on our API management instance, the higher the capacity consumption is going to be in the capacity metric. However, capacity metric is not a direct indication of the number of requests being processed by your API management. It's more of the complexity of the operations, not the number of requests or the number of operations that are running through your API management. Now I'm going to go ahead and expand the time range a little bit to show you something. Every now and then, you should be able to see a little bit of a spike in the capacity consumption. However, this is completely normal because of any system or platform specific actions, and we shouldn't make scaling or upgrading decisions based on these spikes. So if I'm going to turn it around, we should only make scaling or upgrading decisions based on the capacity consumption over a longer period of time, maybe 30 minutes, but not just as a high spikes like these. And having said that, low capacity consumption here doesn't mean that there is nothing wrong with the API management. It just means it runs with a low capacity consumption. Now, let's talk a little bit about how can we use the capacity metric to make scaling or upgrading decisions for our API management? And the first thing we need to do is to ignore this high spikes that happens every now and then because, as I said before, it happens because of a system or platform specific actions. Doesn't necessarily mean high consumption on our API management environment. So having said that, we should be looking at a wider time range, maybe around 30 minutes. Of course, in some cases you want to have a wider or narrower time frame, but as a general rule, 30 minutes should be a good time frame to start with. So if the capacity metric runs on a high consumption for a 30 minutes, that might be a good indication for you to upgrade or scale your API management instance. And when we say high consumption or high utilization, it should be between 60 to 70% for most use cases. However, in some use cases you want to have the bar a little bit lower or a little bit higher based on your organization standards. But as a general rule, high consumption between 60 to 70% should be a good indicator for you to go ahead and do some scaling or upgrading actions on your API management. Having said that, if you have configured your API management to have only one unit, then you should aim for a lower bar for the capacity consumption. And in this case it's going to be 40% over a period of 30 minutes or something should be a good indicator for you to make scaling or upgrading decisions. This is what Microsoft recommends in their documentation. And as we are here, the capacity metric is per API management instance. And if you are going to have more instances or more units, you are going to have a capacity metric for each of these units separately and you need to check them all to ensure that you are making a right scaling or upgrading decisions. And we are able to aggregate per average or per maximum consumption. That's all I have for the capacity metric. And as I said before, it's one of the most important metrics to help you make informed decisions about scaling or upgrading your API management. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.