Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the cost management for API management and primarily we are going to talk about two main things Azure pricing calculator and cost management and billing on Azure Portal. Azure pricing calculator is a really good tool that you should be using to get an estimate of how much you are going to pay at the end of the month as a result of using or creating some resources in Azure. And it's going to be even important if you are planning to create some resources for the first time that you have never created them before in Azure and you have no idea how much they cost. And even though if you are still familiar with the certain component or resource, it's going to be a good practice to get into the habit to just run your configurations to the pricing calculator and see how much it's going to cost you at the end of the month. And the use of the pricing calculator is really easy. So I'm going to put the name of the API management here or the resource and planning to create, and then I'm going to put my own configurations. I'm going to stick to Australia East region and developer tier and you can pretty much go ahead and add more units as much as you like or change the consumption hours. However, I'm going to stick to just one unit as I've created my instances and as you can see here, Azure Calculator estimates that I'm going to pay 48 USD by the end of the month as of using an API management instance on developer tier and having only one capacity unit. And if I'm willing to increase the number of the capacity units of my API management, of course it's going to reflect on the total cost that I will need to pay at the end of the month. Now let's go back to the Azure portal and let's go to cost management and billing. And let's go to cost analysis, which will help us to see how much you are going to pay at the end of the month. And it's a broken down by service per region per subscription as well. And as you can see here, API management, it's going to cost me 148 AUD and you should be able to filter these costs based on the service that you like. For example, I'm going to filter this view to have only API management so I can see more clearly how much I'm going to pay for the API management costs. And as you can see here, it's 138. As I told you before, and in here you should be able to see the actual cost and the forecast cost as well. However, it's going to be a good idea to set some budgets for your cost management to help you manage your cost on the Azure subscription. So let's go ahead and create a new budget. So I'm going to call it AP, M and reset period monthly and the budget amount, I'm going to set it to 150 and let's go to the next page. And here we are going to configure the alerts we want to get. So I'm going to set an alert when the actual cost reaches 50% of the budget. And I'm going to set another alert when the forecasted cost is going to reach up to 75% of my budget. And then the. Alert email address here. I'm going to put one of the email addresses I created for the API. And then let's leave the languages to the default. Now, I want you to pay attention to this chart here. The red line here is the budget limit that we have specified, which is 150. And these two lines, dotted lines. Here are the two alerts that I have created. The actual alert and the forecasted alert. So by setting it up, it will help you to get some alerts about the cost that you are going to pay at the end of the month. I'm not planning really to create this budget, so I'm going to go ahead and close this one. All right. Now, I want you to be aware of the pricing tiers of the API management. As we said before, there are many different tiers for the API management consumption developer, basic standard premium and isolated. For each of these tiers, it has different pricing limits and different features as well. In this course we have created our API management in the developer tier because we don't need any more higher tier for the purpose of our course. And down here you should be able to see the features comparison between different tiers as well and how many requests each tier is able to handle. Now let's get back to the pricing calculator and I want to show you something to optimize your spending as much as possible. Let's say that you are running an API management instance on a developer tier and having one capacity unit. And as we said before, you're expected to pay 48 USD at the end of the month. Now let's say that you want to upgrade or scale your API management instance, which one you are going to go for and how this is going to impact the total cost that you are going to pay at the end of the month. So I'm going to show you something. Let's say that you have upgraded to the basic tier and as you can see here, the cost is going to be 147 USD. Let me open it in a new tab here and put them side to side. So we should be able to see that difference. All right. On the left hand side here, we have API management on basic tier and one unit, and this is going to cost us 147 USD. And on the right hand side, I'm going to put API management and I'm going to put the developer tier and in this time I'm going to put two units and see how much it's going to cost. As you can see here, it costs me $96 and even if I'm going to scale my developer tier to run three units, still the cost will be a little bit cheaper than upgrading to the basic tier. This is just to show you the difference between upgrading the instance to a higher tier. And scaling the current instance to multiple capacity units. They are not the same from the cost perspective. So how can I tell which one works best for me? This will bring us back to the capacity video that we have done before based on the current capacity utilization of your API management, this is how you can tell whether you should be scaling your API management to multiple capacity units or you may be want to upgrade your API to a higher tier. I just wanted to make sure that you are aware of the cost difference between scaling versus upgrading. That's all I have for the cost management for your API management. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.