Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about upgrading and scaling API management and I'm going to get back to the pricing document we have seen before. And the main thing that is going to determine whether we should upgrade or scale our API management is the scale out units per tier. For example, as you can see here, developer tier has a maximum scale out units to just one capacity unit. So all in all, developer tier is only able to run one capacity unit. We are not able to scale out further than that. So if we are having a high consumption on the capacity metric for a developer tier running with one capacity unit, then in this case the only option for us is to upgrade to the basic tier because we cannot scale out the developer tier to have more than one capacity units. Now let's say that we are having one capacity unit for a basic tier and then we are having a high consumption on the capacity metric. Then we are able to scale out and add one more capacity unit. So we ending up having a total of two capacity units running on the basic tier. And this is going to be ideal before considering upgrading our API management to the standard tier. And you have already seen before in the cost management video how scaling out on the current tier is going to be more efficient than upgrading to a higher tier from the coastal perspective. Having said that, there are few things you need to be aware of when it comes to the upgrade and scaling for API management. Developer tier doesn't have SLA and you cannot scale this tier, you cannot add or remove any capacity units because it has only one capacity unit at all times. Developer tier shouldn't be used for production workloads, as you can see here. And for any production workloads, you should consider using basic standard or premium tiers. Based on the workloads and how many requests you are expecting to get per second. And one interesting thing I need to mention about the premium tier, it allows you to deploy your API management to multiple region so you can have a single API management instance across any number of regions you would like. However, the premium tier is more expensive than any other tier. If I remember correctly, it probably costs around 4,000 AUD per month if you are running a premium tier. And if you are upgrading or downgrading between tiers, you need to be aware of something. Let's say you are currently running on a premium tier and you want to downgrade to standard or basic tier. Then in this case you are going to lose some of the features that you have configured in the premium tier. For example, the Multi-region tier, because it's not available in a standard or basic tier, you are going to lose it when you downgrade from premium tier to standard or basic tier. And this also applies to all features as you are downgrading, as long as the feature is not supported in the new tier that you are downgrading to, then you are going to lose this ability to have this feature as you are downgrading from premium to any lower grade tier. Now let's get back to the Azure portal and see how can we upgrade or scale our API management. So let's go to our API management and scroll down to locations. And as you can see here, we have our instance in Australia East region and we have one capacity unit. And as I'm running a developer here, I'm not able to add more capacity units because I'm running my API management instance on a developer tier. However, if I'm running my API management instance on any other tier, I should be able to scale it out to more capacity units based on the tier I am selected. Now let's get back to the Azure portal and go to the pricing tier. And this is where you manage the upgrade to higher tiers. So from here you can change your tier to basic standard or premium. So long story short, the pricing tier is where you manage the upgrades of your API management to different tiers and locations. Here is where you manage the scaling out to multiple capacity units for your API management. It's important to mention, as we are here, the down time for scaling out or upgrading between tiers. As you can see here, the scaling out takes between 15 to 45 minutes to apply. You need to consider this as well. And the upgrades between tiers takes the same amount of time as well. So you need to be mindful of that. That's all I have for you. Regarding the upgrading and scaling for API management. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.