Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about how we enable zone redundancy for our API management instance. And in case if you don't know, zone redundancy is a feature that provides resiliency and high availability to your API management in a specific Azure region. So when it gets to high availability, we can have high availability across multiple Azure regions and this is really good way to go and we have high availability within the region itself. By having a zone redundancy option, we are replicating the gateway and control plane of the API management instance across data centers in different availability zones, which is going to make it more resilient to failure in one availability zone. And in order to enable zone redundancy for API management, I had to upgrade my API management instance to be in a premium tier because zone redundancy is only available in premium tier. However, you don't have to do this. I just upgraded it to show you the steps and what you need to do to enable zone redundancy for your API management. Now let's scroll down to locations. And here, as you can see, I have one unit and no availability zones. So I'm going to go ahead and enable two zones in my zone redundancy option. First thing you need to be aware of that it takes between 15 to 45 minutes for the changes to happen, so you need to be mindful of that. Another key point here you need to be aware of, and it says clearly in the error message that the number of units must be a multiple of the number of zones we have configured. And according to our configurations here, we have configured two zones for my API management, and in this case I have to configure at least two units. However, I could go for more, even four or 6 or 8. But let's try and make it seven, for example, even though it's going to be higher than the number of zones. But our deployment will not be balanced. And one of the key things in zone redundancy is to have a balanced deployment across the configured availability zones. So we could have only two or multiple of two since we have configured two availability zones. And in case we have injected our API management in a vnet, whether it's internal or external, then changing the zone redundancy must require a new IP addresses to be specified. And as we are migrating between zones, new IP address request has to be done as well. So I'm going to go ahead and apply this change to enable zone redundancy for my API management. And then let's go ahead and save our changes and let's wait for 15 or probably 45 minutes for the change to happen. That's all I have for you. On how to enable zone redundancy on API management and what's its importance to improve the resiliency of your API management instance. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.