Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we configure Autoscaling for API management? And as we said before, Autoscaling is only available for standard and premium tiers. Developer and basic tiers doesn't have autoscaling option. You can only do manual scaling for basic and developer tier. As we said before, now my API management is still being updated from zone redundancy change I've done in the previous video. However, this shouldn't stop us from going ahead and configure Autoscaling for our API management. So let's go to Autoscale and let's click on custom Autoscale And in here we are going to define a scale condition based on a metric. And let's go ahead and add a rule for that. And you might guessed it right, that our key metric we are going to look at is the capacity metric. As we said before, and when the capacity metric exceeds 70% for more than 30 minutes, then we are going to increase count by two instances. And this is going to be a scale out condition for our auto scaling, for our API management. Then we are going to put the instance limits here. Minimum of two, maximum of four and default is two. Now we need to add one more scale in condition based on the capacity metric as well. But when the capacity metric is less than 35% over a duration of 30 minutes, we are going to decrease count to. Two instances, and this is going to be our scale in condition. Then we need to specify the instance limits minimum to maximum four and the default is two. And here you get to specify the start and end time of the scaling condition or whether you want to repeat it on a specific days. Maybe for some reason I'm not able to save my changes. Maybe because my API management instance is still being updated. However, there are few things you need to be aware of when it comes to configuring Autoscaling for your API management. First of all, as I mentioned before, it's only available for standard and premium tiers and scaling process could take up to 20 minutes whether it's scaling out or in. And if the service is logged by another process, then the scaling request is going to failed and then retry is going to happen automatically. And the key thing here that is relative to the zone redundancy, if the API management instance is deployed across multiple availability zones, then we need to make sure that the number of instances is going to be a multiple of the number of zones we have configured in the zone redundancy option. And finally, if you have done a multi-region deployment for your API management, you are only able to configure Autoscaling for the primary location of your API management. All other locations can be scaled manually only. That's all I have for you, for Autoscaling and how we configure it on our API management. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.