Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about how we make a multi-region deployment for our API management to improve the availability and resiliency of our API management. As we said before in the Zone redundancy video, there are multiple levels of high availability. One level at the region level, this is when we enable the zone redundancy at the region level to allow the API management to be replicated across availability zones within the region. And there is another level of high availability where we are allowing a multi region deployment for our API management to allow our API management to be deployed to multiple Azure regions to avoid the risk of depending on one region, primarily in case if it went down. However, when it comes to the multi region deployment, it's not exactly the same as zone redundancy because in zone redundancy, the API management instance control plane are replicated across data centers in different availability zones that we have configured in our zone redundancy configuration. However, this is not the case in multi region deployment where only the gateway component of the API management is replicated to multiple regions and the control plane is going to remain hosted only in the primary region at all time. And the primary region is where you have originally deployed the API management. And as we are having multiple API management instances across multiple regions. Gateway configurations like APIs, policy definitions are regularly synced between the primary region and secondary regions you add. And there is a myriad of having a multi-region deployment for your API management to avoid the complete dependency on one region only in case of the region goes down. And let's consider this scenario. Let's say if the secondary region went offline, then there shouldn't be any problem and all the traffic is going to get handled by the primary region without any problem. However. If the primary reason goes off line, this is going to be a little bit of an issue because the API management management plan and the developer portal won't be available. But the secondary regions will be up and running to serve all API requests. Using the Mostrillioneason gateway configurations. These are the main things you need to be aware of when it comes to Multi-region deployment. Now let's scroll down to locations and see how can we add a new region to our API management deployments. So by going to locations here, let's go ahead and add a new region. And in here you get to specify the secondary region. Number of units you want to add and the availability zones. However, I'm not going to go ahead and add it because honestly, I don't want to wait 45 more minutes for the change to take place. But you get the idea. This is where we get to add or remove additional regions for our API management deployment. Now, there is one key thing you need to be aware of. So let's go back to our APIs. And let's have a look at one of our APIs. Let's say B to C function app and let's go to the get operation. So we have done a really good job deploying our API management to multiple regions to ensure high availability and resiliency for our API management. But what about the back end services here? They are not part of API management redeployment to the additional regions. So what's going to happen is we are going to have an API management in Sydney region and this is going to be our primary region. And let's say you have another API management in US region and this is going to be the secondary region. However, we are going to have only one back end function app here in Sydney region. So imagine what's going to happen if a customer in the US sends a request to the API management in US region, then the API management in the US region is going to send the request to the function app in Sydney region. Which is obviously it's not going to be a good idea from latency perspective. So. What you need to be aware of here is that backend functions are not going to be replicated as part of Multi-region deployment and we need to handle that separately and we have few ways to do that. The first option we have here is to add a conditions in the inbound policies based on the incoming region of the request. We should be able to set the backend service that are hosted in the same region where the request is coming from. So as you can see here, if the request is coming from Western US region, then we are going to set our backend service to be the function app hosted in the US region. However, if the request is coming from Eastern Asia region, then we are going to set our backend service for the Asia region to just reduce the latency as much as possible. And of course we need to have one general condition to catch all other conditions and send it to a specific backend service. So this could be one way to implement it. And ensure that we have reduced the latency between the API management in secondary regions and the backend services. And of course we will have to redeploy the backend services in all of these regions. Another option we could use here is to put a traffic manager in front of the backend services and configure our traffic manager with a geographic routing method. So the traffic manager will be taking the requests coming from the API management. And then based on our settings and configuration, traffic manager is going to send the request to the backend services that are located in the same region. So geographic routing method is going to be really useful in this. However, in maintenance scenarios, you should aim to consider priority routing methods to make sure that all the traffic gets routed to a specific region where you are doing a maintenance or testing or redeployment. On the other regions. And in some situations you might need to disable routing to one of the regional gateways. Maybe you want to do some testing on these gateway or there is a failure you want to avoid. So in this case you should be able to use Azure CLI to disable routing to a specific region. Or maybe when you have a planned disaster recovery drill that simulates the unavailability of one region and to see how the architecture is going to behave when one region is completely unavailable. So these are the different conditions where you want to disable routing to a specific regional gateway and this is how to do it using Azure CLI. That's all I have for you on the multi region deployment for the API management. Now let me go back to my API management and bring the pricing tier back to the developer tier because I believe we have covered everything we need to cover that's very specific to the premium tier. So now we need to go ahead and put my API management name again to just confirm the action and let's go ahead and downgrade it to the developer tier. And again, it's going to take between 15 to 45 minutes and I am not really on a rush. Thanks so much for watching and I will see you in the next video.