Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we configure Azure front door to work with our API management. And in case if you don't know what Azure front door is, simply it's a content delivery network or some people prefer to call it CDN, which provides you site acceleration and global load balancing for your web applications. We can place Azure front door in front of many services and components in Azure, and when we place it in front of our API management, Azure front door could provide different features and capabilities. First of all, Azure front Door could do TLS offloading for your traffic. Also, you have the option to do end to end TLS encryption for your traffic as well. Azure front door is able to do a global load balancing for the traffic coming to your API management instances. And we are already aware that there are multiple levels of caching when it comes to API management. There is an internal cache at the API management instance itself and we can use an external cache through Redis. However, when we use Azure front door, we will be able to cache the response of our Get requests and that's going to be cached at the front door level. In addition to other caching that we could leverage at the instance level and at the Redis level. We also can configure a web application firewall for our front door and many other capabilities. However, we are not going to dive deep into Azure front door in this video because it's not the main scope of our course. However, I have done a separate course on Azure front Door. Please go ahead and check it out if you are interested to learn more about Azure Front Door. Now let's go ahead and create an Azure front door and see how can we configure it to work with our API management. So let's go ahead and create an Azure front door. And let's put it in our Sydney resource group and let's call it APM front door. And let's call the endpoint API gateway. And the origin type is going to be API management. And by the way, these are all the services I have mentioned before that we could place Azure front door in front of them to provide the CD and capabilities. Now I'm going to choose my API management instance and let's go ahead and enable caching. And this case based on the query string. Now let's go ahead and create our front door. All right. Now my Azure front door has been created, so let's go to my front door and have a look at the origin groups. And as you can see here, this is our API gateway that we have configured. And if we click in there, we will be able to see our configuration and our API management instance that we have configured. Now let's go back to the origin group and let's. Change the health probe a little bit. Let's make it Https and make the probe method to be get and let's go ahead and update our origin group. And while we are waiting for this, let's go to our front door manager. And this is going to be the endpoint that we will be using to be able to reach to our API management instance. But in order to do that, let me open our API management instance first. So let's go to API management. And let's go to the APIs. Let's select Demo Conference API. And let's go for the test tab and let's go to get speakers operation. Now let's go ahead and send the request. And as you can see here, we have got our response back. Now, I'm going to copy the request URL here and I'm going to put it in Postman and see what are we going to get. So this is the request URL. Let's go ahead and send a request. And as you can see here, we have got 401. Because we didn't provide a valid subscription key. So let's go back. To my subscriptions. And let's go and show the keys for starter product and let's copy the primary key. Now let's go back to Postman and let's put. The value in here. And for the header name, let's go back to my API. Let's go to the test tab. And then here we should be able to copy the header name. For our subscription key and let's put it in Postman as well. Now let's send the request. And as you can see here, we are getting a response back. Now, my endpoint here that I used was the API endpoint directly. But what we want to do now is to use the Azure front door endpoint. So let's go ahead and duplicate this tab and let's go back to my Azure front door and let's copy. The endpoint of my Azure front door and you can copy it from here as well. And let's go back to my postman. And I'm going to replace. The first part of my API endpoint with my Azure front door endpoint. Then I'm going to leave the second part, which is the API that we want to hit. And since we have duplicated this tab, you will be able to see the subscription key has been copied over. Now let's go ahead and send the request. And as you can see here, we have got a response back, which is great. Now there is something you need to be aware of. Now we have put and configure the Azure front door in front of our API management to be able to use and leverage all of the benefits of using Azure front door. But having said that, we are still able to turn around the Azure front door and hit the API management directly, as you can see here. So what we want to do now is to restrict the access to API management, to only accept requests coming from Azure front door and block any other requests coming from anywhere else. This is to ensure that we are making the best use of our Azure front door at the first place. Also, in case if we have configured our policies and put some protections at our front door, we want to make sure that all the users are going through the front door as a gate before they get into the API management. Now let's go back to the portal and see how can we do this? Now let's go back to my API Management APIs Demo Conference API. Let's go to the design tab. And let's go to the policies. And in the inbound policy here. Let's go ahead and add code snippet to restrict caller IP address. Now, let's go ahead and open this document here that shows what we need to do to restrict the access for our API management to only accept the traffic coming from Azure front door. If you scroll a little bit down here, you will see that there are two steps we need to do. First thing we need to restrict incoming traffic and only accepted traffic coming from certain IP addresses that are related to the Azure front door. And the second step is to restrict the traffic and only accept traffic coming from our Azure front door as a header value. Let's focus on the first step first. In order to restrict the incoming IP address, we need to go ahead and open Azure IP address range and service tags. And if you go ahead and download this, you should be able to open. These lists of service tags and as the document says here. We need to copy the IP addresses corresponding to Azure front door backend. So if I'm going to search for this in the service tag that I have just downloaded. As you can see here, this is the address prefixes that we need to allow at our API management to make our API management accept traffic coming from Azure front door. Now let's get back. One thing to note here. The address prefixes here in the service tag has been written in a Cidr Range format, which is absolutely fine. But when we get back to the. IP filter policy in our API management. As you can see here, it can take either address range from to or it can take just one address. So in this case, the IP filter doesn't support Cidr range as an input. So we need to translate each of these Cidr ranges to start and end IP addresses so we can put them in the API management policy. And in order to do that, let's Google Cider calculator and let's go to subnet calculator and let's paste our. And let's paste. Let's copy first our Cidr range and put it here and let's calculate the value. And inside our IP range here, you should be able to see the starting IP address of this range. And let's copy it over and put it at the start of our range. And then let's copy. The end IP address of our range and put it in the end of my range. So we will have to do this for all of these IP addresses, which is going to be painful. As you can notice here, some of these IPS are IPV four and IPV six. Anyway, so I have done this translation between Cidr range to from to format, so it will be able to use it in our API management. So I'm going to copy this over. Into my. API management policy and let's go ahead and put it. And you might notice here there are two explicit IP addresses I have added in the end. And if we get back to the document here, you will be able to see that we need to allow these specific two IP addresses in our API management policy. And this is exactly what I have done here. In addition to translating all of these ranges and I'm talking about IPV four ranges from Cidr Range into from two formats. So the API management will accept it. And our action here is going to allow the traffic coming from all of these sources. And let's go ahead and save our changes. All right. We have added VIP filter policy. So now let's go back to Postman. And try to send one more request from our front door. And as you can see here, we have got a response back. Now let's try to send one more request trying to hit our API management directly. Away from our front door and let's send a request. And as you can see here, it's forbidden because we have only allowed our API management to accept the traffic coming from the sources, which are the front door backend service tags as Microsoft puts in their documentation. Now this is the first part of the restriction. We want to restrict the incoming IP addresses for our API management to only accept IP address ranges coming from our front door only. Now this means that our API management should be able to accept any traffic coming from any Azure front door service doesn't necessarily mean that it's our own. And this is where the second step comes in place, where we are going to add a restriction to ensure that we are only accepting traffic coming from our own front door. So if I'm going to scroll down a little bit here, we are going to add a check header policy into my API management policies and let's put it here after the IP filter policy. And what I need to change here is to put the front door ID So let's go back to my front door, go to my overview tab, and you should be able to see the front door ID here. So let's go ahead and copy it and paste it over into my front door ID. And let's save our changes. Now let's go back to Postman and send one more request from my front door and the point. And it will work without any problems because we have already put our front door id as we are checking for the header value here. So from where this Heather comes from, when any request coming through Azure front door, Azure front door is going to add a header into the requests when they pass them through to API management. And that's how we are going to use these headers that the front door has added into our requests to be able to verify that those requests are coming from our own Azure front door. Having said that, if we have created another front door and we haven't allowed our API management to accept that traffic from the front door ID similar to what we have done here, our API management wouldn't accept that traffic coming from this front door. Let's go ahead and do it. Now let's go to front door and let's create a new one. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group and let's call it restrict. It's going to be API in restrict origin type API management and the instance is my instance and let's go ahead and create my. Front door, but it seems there are some validation errors. Okay. I need to choose use query strings since I've enabled caching. Now let's go ahead and create my front door. All right, My second Azure front door is ready. So let's go to my front door manager and let's go ahead and copy the front door and the point. And let's go to Postman and let's duplicate this tab. Now I'm going to change the. Front door in the point and use the existing one that I've just copied. So let's go back and copy the. In the point. And let's put it in the request URL here and let's send a request. As you can see here, we didn't get a response. And the reason is because even though we have allowed API management to accept traffic coming from Azure front door service tags, but we haven't allowed our API management to accept the traffic from front door ID that we have just created. And that's why and that's how we can restrict the traffic coming to our API management by specifying the front door ID of our own front door. Now, that's all I wanted you to know about how we can use Azure front door and configure it with our API management to provide a lot of capabilities and enhancement of performance for our APIs that are hosted in API management. Now let me go back and clean things up. So I'm going to go to front door and let's go and delete my front doors. And let's go back to my API management and let's clean this policy. And let's go ahead and see if all the changes. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.