Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the compute platform for API management. I am sure you already know that API management is a platform as a service where you can go ahead and create, manage, scale, operate your API management without need to worry about the underlying resources of the infrastructure which is going to be completely managed and operated by Microsoft. Having said that, API management is not the only Path service in Azure. There are other services like app service, environment, App service. Service Bus logic apps. ET cetera. Anyway, coming back to the API management every now and then as part of the continuous enhancement and improvement for API management service. Microsoft continuously tried to enhance and improve the underlying resources that are running API management. And that's where we have two different compute platforms for API management, Svt1 and Svt2. As of now, any new resource you are going to create for API management, it's again a default to Stv2 unless you have all the instances created in the past. Running on STV one platform, then you might need to consider migrating them to STV two. Now what is the main differences between STV one and STV to. Mainly there are both single tenant instances, however. STV one is Azure allocated compute infrastructure. However, what's added in STV two added more resiliency and security features which you are going to see in more details in this part here, which is going to list, what is the main difference between STV one and Stv2? And there are primarily three things. First of all, the availability to configure zone redundancy for STV two platform as we have already seen in the previous video zone, redundancy is one of the powerful features in Azure that makes you able to replicate the instance across multiple availability zones. So you are going to end up having high availability architecture within the same region across multiple availability zones before you go ahead and configure high availability across regions globally. And we have seen in the previous video how we configure and define availability zones or zone redundancy for API management. The second benefit of having a two platform is the private endpoint, and this is something we are going to get into. More details in the networking section similar to the DDoS protection, which is going to be configured at the Vnet level where the API management is going to be hosted. So these are the three main enhancements that are coming with Stevie to platform for API management. All right, Now let's go back to the API portal and see how can we see the compute platform of our API management. So let's go to our API management in the overview tab here, you should be able to see the platform version of your API management. And as you can see here, it's Steve two. And in this document here, in case if you are running Pstv one in this document here, it lists what you need to do to migrate from STB one to Pstv. Two to make sure that you are going to leverage all of these improvements that are coming already with Steve to. That's all I have for you for the compute platform, for API management. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.