Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about workspace in API management and I want you to think of workspace as a way to decouple teams or decentralized work in your API management so you can create multiple workspaces in your API management. And each workspace is going to be dedicated for a specific team so they can work on it completely independent and isolated from other workspaces that other teams are working on. Having said that, we will still be able to manage the API service instance as a whole through some roles. So let's go to access controls here and let's go to Rules and then let's search for workspace. And I want you to focus in the first two rows only if we are going to specify these roles at the API management level. And if I expand on the description here, you should be able to see at the end of the description that this role should be assigned on the service scope similar to the one below as well. So these two roles API management service, workspace API developer or service workspace API product manager could be assigned at the API management level. However, the other four roles will be assigned at the workspace level. Now let's go ahead and create a workspace. So let's go to Workspace. It's currently under preview and let's add a new one. Let's call it booking workspace. Let's assume that we have a team manages the booking of our website and we are going to create a workspace for them. And let's go ahead and see if our changes. Now let's go to the booking workspace. And as you can see here, we have got a mini view of API management where we can host our APIs, products, manage our subscriptions, etcetera. Now in order to allow certain developers to have access to this workspace. So let's go to access control here. Bear in mind that we are in the booking workspace, not the API management instance. And let's go to roles and then let's search for workspace. And we have seen these roles before, but these four roles that you could assign at the workspace level, as it says in the description here as well. Based on the level and permission you want to assign to the developer, you could choose one of these four roles and assign them access to the workspace so they can work independently from other workspaces and from other teams, and they will be able to collaborate and work together with their own team. That's how workspace can be really powerful and helpful to decouple your teams and decentralize the work that you are doing in your API management. That's all I have for you for workspaces. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.