Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about managed identity in API management and managed identity is generated by Azure Active Directory and it allows your API management instance to access other Azure Active Directory protected resources easily and securely without need to worry about password management or key rotations. And when we talk about managed identity, there are two main types of managed identities system assigned the managed identity or user assigned managed identity. The main difference between them is that we can have only one system assigned managed identity per API management instance, and we have created it already in API ops section when we wanted our API management instance to be able to access key vault to retrieve the secrets that we are going to refer to in our dev ops pipeline. If you remember, and since you have created it already, we don't have to create it again. But I'm going to go to Azure Key Vault to show you how to allow the access to system assigned managed identity on our key vault. And we have done it already on this key vault. So going into our key vault here and then go to access control, then by going to role assignments, we should be able to see our API management instance and this is the system assigned managed identity that we have already created in the API ops section. So simply by going ahead and add it here, we should be able to add a role assignment. Now let's go ahead and create a user assigned managed identity and let's go ahead and add a new one. But before we will be able to do that, I need to go ahead and create a new managed identity first. So let's go ahead and create a new managed identity. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group and let's call it API MMI, and let's go ahead and create this managed identity. All right, we are all good. So let's get back to our API and let's search for the user assigned managed identity in here. And let's go ahead and add it to my API management instance. All right. Now we have added our user assigned managed identity in our API management. Now let's go back to my key vault and let's go ahead and add a role assignment. And I'm going to specify a certificate officer. And then let's go ahead and choose the member. Let's select a managed identity and let's search for. My user assigned managed identity and I have only one in my subscription and let's go ahead and select it and let's go ahead to review and assign this user assigned managed identity to be able to access Azure Key Vault. So this is primarily how we can use or play around with system assigned user assigned managed identities and how we allow access to other Azure resources. Now that's all I have for managed identities in API management, so let's go ahead and clean things up. So I'm going to go ahead and delete this role from Azure Key Vault. Then I'm going to go back to APM and remove the role the user assigned managed identity from my API. I'm. And finally, let's go and remove it from managed identities as well. And let's go ahead and delete it. That's all I have for you for managed identities. Something I forgot to mention about system assigned managed identities. I have already mentioned that we can only have one system assigned managed identity per API management instance, but there is one disadvantage of having a system assigned managed identity is that it's going to be tied to the API management instance. So if we are going to delete the API management instance, the system assigned the managed identity that we have created in our API management is going to be deleted as well because it is tied to the main service that we have created, the system assigned managed identity on it. That's all I wanted you to know about managed identities. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.