Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we integrate API management with event grid. So we will be able to send a notifications to other Azure services or non Azure services. So we will be able to send the notifications from API management through event grid to maybe Logic apps or Azure function or app service or as I said before, non Azure service using webhooks. And this will allow you to do any custom solution you want to do in your API management. Maybe when a new user subscribes to the developer portal, you might want to go ahead and create an application to insert an entry in a database table and then create a billing account and send another information or another notification to the user about their billing account, something like that. Now let's go ahead and see how can we do that? Let's go to, first of all, to the subscriptions because we want to register for event grid in the first place. So let's go to my subscription and scroll down to resource providers and let's search for event grid. And as you can see here, it's not registered, so let's go ahead and register it. All right. I have registered event agreed to my subscription. Now let's get back to the documentation here and open cloud shell so we can run this command here to create a. Azure Web app that we are going to hook it into event integrate to receive the notifications or events from an API management. Let's go ahead with my account. And let's copy the command here. And let's paste it in the cloud shell. And I need to do some changes here. First of all, I need to provide my resource group name and it's going to be ARG Dash Sydney. Then I need to put. A name for my website and I'm going to call it APM site. And let's go ahead and run this command. To create Azure App service and app service plan so we can use it in our webhook to receive API management notifications or events. All right. Now my app service has been created and the app service plan. So let's go to my app services to check it out. All right. This is the app that I have created. And if we browse to it, we will see. It's been already built to be able to receive notifications through webhook, to be able to view all the events we are going to receive from event grid. Now let's get back to my API management and. Let's go to my API management instance and let's go to events and let's go to event subscriptions and let's go ahead and add a new event. Let's call it API event and let's call the topic name to be API topic. And in here we need to select the events that we need to listen for. So the event grid is going to push a notification when this event happens on API management. And for simplicity, let's choose API management product creation. So when we create a product in API management event, Grid is going to catch this event and send the notification through a webhook. And it's going to send it to this website. So now let's go ahead and copy the URL here and put it as an endpoint. And I need to put at the end here API slash updates, as Microsoft says in their documentation here. Because this is going to be the API that has the put command on the website so we can get this notification into the website. Now let's go ahead and create this event subscription. All right. My event subscription has been created. So let me go to products and let's go ahead and add a new product. Let's call it APM event grid, and let's copy it over in the description and let's go ahead and create this product. Now let's go to our Web application. As you can see here, we have already got a notification from this event when we have created a product in our API management with this information in here, this is how we can configure API management to send the notifications to any service you would like or any webhook we would like through Azure event grid. All right, now let's go ahead and clean things up. Let's go to events. Event subscriptions. And let's go to APM event and let's go ahead and delete it. And let's browse to event grid as well. Because there are few topics that's being created that we want to clean up as well. So let's go to system topics. And let's go ahead and delete APM topic that's been created when we've created the event subscription in API management. And now let's go back to my subscription. So I will deregister event grid from my subscription because I don't need it anymore. Let's search for event grid. And let's go ahead and unregister it from my subscription. And let's go back to my web app and let's go ahead and delete it as well, because I'm not going to use it anymore. Let's type the name here to confirm and we are going to and we are going to delete the app service plan in addition to the Web app. Let's go ahead and delete it as well. And as you can see here, we have unregistered if integrated from our subscription. That's all I wanted you to know about how we can use event grid with API management to send the notifications to Azure services or non Azure services through webhook. Or you could use any other methods. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.