Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about how can we implement disaster recovery solution for API management using backup and restore. But as you are mentioning this, it's important to note that API management is highly available service in Azure. That's why it comes with zone redundancy, which allows you to deploy API management across multiple availability zones to improve the availability for your service and also to avoid any problems that might happen in your environment. And also API management allows you to deploy across multiple regions to be able to distribute traffic across multiple regions and also in case one region has been impacted. API management would still be able to direct the traffic to other healthy regions and it will be able to serve customer requests. But having said that, we always, always, always want to keep disaster recovery in mind. As I mentioned, these two examples I mentioned covers disaster recovery in a way or another. In zone redundancy, you have a disaster recovery solution within the region as you are going to be replicating your API management instance across availability zones. And in the second scenario that I have mentioned, if you are deploying your API management across regions, then you are going to have a disaster recovery solution across regions. But what if you have API management in just one region and you have zone redundancy of. Probably it's going to be a must for you to think about the solution and to implement backup and restore solution for your API management. Having said that, it's going to be always a good practice to do backups for your API management. Even though if you have enabled the zone redundancy or you have already deployed your API management in multiple regions, now let's go ahead and see how can we do this? First step we need to go ahead and create a blob storage so we can store our backup artifacts. Let's go ahead and create a new one. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group and let's call it API backup. I need to get rid of the hyphens and. Let's put my name at the end. Now let's go to the next page. And let's leave everything to the default values for networking here. I'm going to allow public access because again, I have removed the private endpoint from my API management. But ideally you should have allowed virtual network and IP addresses to be able to access your storage account. And this is where it's going to be handy when you have already put your API management in a vnet, then you will be allowing that vnet to be able to access the storage accounts. Now I'm going to allow public access. However, you should never do this in any environment, especially production. And now let's go ahead and create our storage accounts. Until it's been ready for me. Let's go back to API management and do some preparations. Let's scroll down to managed identities. And if you remember, we have already enabled system assigned managed identity for our API management instance. And let's have a look here at the Azure role assignments. And as you can see here, we don't have any role assignments. So let's go ahead and. All right. My storage account is being created, so perfect timing. Now let's go ahead and add a role assignment for storage account. And let's select my storage account that I've just created. And for the role here, I'm going to choose contributor. You can select storage blob data contributor. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Now we are allowing our API management to be able to access storage account through managed identity that we have created. All right. Now, let's go back to the documentation here and scroll down. And see how can we initiate a backup? Using the command line or PowerShell. As you can see here, you have different options using the access keys for the storage account or system managed identity or user managed identity. However, I'm going to go for system assigned managed identity. Let's copy it over and open Cloud Shell terminal. And let's open Notepad to edit and prepare the script that we need to run. All right. Here. I need to put the storage account name, and here it is, my storage account name. Let's copy it over in here. Now I need to put the resource group name of my API management. So let's go back to my API management, go to the overview tab and copy the resource group name. Now I need to put the name of my API management instance, so let's copy the name of my instance. Then I need to get the storage context which you are going to get in the previous line here. Then I need to put the target container name. So let's go back to blob storage and go to containers and let's add a new container and call it backup hyphen API. M. And let's go ahead and create it. And let's put this name in our script here. And then for the target blob name. Let's go ahead and copy the name of our blob storage and access type. As you already see, system assigned managed identity. Now let's go ahead and copy this command over in Cloud Shell. And let's go ahead and run it. All right. Now, after ten minutes or so, the backup has been completed. So you need to be mindful on the time window where you are going to take backups for your API management instance, because as you already know, any backup is causing some disruption to the main service you are running. So you need to make sure that you are taking the backup in non-critical hours of your API management. Anyway, now let's have a look at our container here. And as you can see here, this is the backup that we have got from API management, which is good. Now after we got the backup here, we want to restore it. So let's go back to the documentation here and look at this warning here. While you are restoring the API management service, avoid doing a changes to any service configurations because it might get overwritten as you are restoring the API management and CMS before we have multiple options to restore an API management either by using storage account access keys or system assigned managed identity or user assigned managed identity. And I'm going to go for a system assigned managed identity and I don't need to copy the full script. I'm going to copy the Restore as API management and I'm going to put it instead of the backup as API management. That's not all. I need to change target blob name and target container name to be source container name and source blob name since you are restoring. So we need to get the source of the backup. So let's go ahead and do that. So changing target to source container name and change target blob name to be source blob name. And let's copy the script over into Cloud Shell. And let's run it. All right, now my restore has been completed. However, there are some constraints you need to be aware of. First of all, the backup is only guaranteed for 30 days since creation. And while the backup is in progress, avoid doing any management changes for pricing tier or custom domain name. And avoid doing the changes to APIs policies developer portal while the backup and restore operations in progress because it might be lost. Backup doesn't capture Pre-aggregated data shown in the analytics window in the API portal. Classes shouldn't be enabled in blob storage, in storage accounts and pricing tier of the restored service has to be exactly the same of the backed up service. Now there are few things that are not going to be backed up in the backup process. Usage data. Custom Domain names and certificates. CA Certificates. Virtual Network Configurations. Managed Identities. Azure Monitor Protocol and Cipher and Developer Portal content. You need to take care of them manually because they are not covered in backup and restore process. Now let's go to my storage account and let's go ahead and delete it. Let's go to overview tab and let's go ahead and delete my storage account. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.