Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about how can we move API management instance across regions. But before we get into that, let's talk a little bit about why. Why do we want to do that? Actually, there are few reasons to do this, first of all. You may want to relocate your API management to be closer to your API consumers. Or maybe there is new features being deployed to a specific Azure region and you want to leverage these features straight away and you can't wait for these features until they are available in your region where you already have your API management instance. Finally, to meet internal policy or government requirements. As I mentioned before, API management has Multi-region deployment, which is going to allow you to have multiple API management instances across multiple regions. You can leverage that as well if you want. Now for moving API management instances across regions, we are going to leverage backup and restore option that we have used before in the previous video. However, there are some considerations you need to be aware of here. The pricing tier has to be the same for both source and target regions, and backup and Restore is not going to work if you are going to migrate between different cloud types. And if this is the case, you need to export it as a template, then import it and recreate the resource again. Now you already know the prerequisites that we need to create a storage account to backup the current instance in the storage account and then let's restore from it. Now, when we are going to be moving instances across regions, we have two options. The first one is we are going to use a different API management instance name and in this case it's going to be straight forward where we are going to backup the existing API management in the source region. Then we are going to restore it with a different name in the target region. And in case if you are using a custom domain name, you need to update the key name record to point to the new API management instance. This option is going to use a different name, which is going to make less disruption to the migration process. However, it will not work for all situations. Sometimes you want to migrate your API management instance to a different region using the same name. However, this option is going to result in a downtime during the migration process because first step will need to back up the existing API management instance in the source region. Then we need to delete the API management instance in the source region so we can create a new API management in the target region using the same name. After we have released it and then we can restore the backup that we have got from the source region to the target region. Having said that, again, it's going to result in downtime during the migration. If you want to use the same API management instance name. Now let's say that we have done the migration. What do we need to do to validate and verify that the migration has been succeeded? First of all, you need to wait until the restore operation completes in the target region. Then there are few settings are not going to be covered in the backup and restore process, as we have already mentioned before. And those things you need to do them manually, like virtual network configurations, managed identity developer portal, custom domain names, CA certificates. Then when you are ready, access your API management endpoint and test your API calls to make sure that the migration process has been succeeded. This is pretty much what you need to do to migrate or move instances between regions. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.