Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about how you can validate API management service updates and how to make sure it's not going to cause any disruption to your workloads or your instances. First things first. Azure follows safe deployment practice framework to ensure least amount of disruption to the new deployments that they are introducing to different customers. And the framework here runs through different phases. The first cycle, they call it the validation cycle, which includes cycles of development testing until the product is ready to be released to production. Now when they decide to roll the product or the updates out to production, there is something they call it canary regions and currently it's only two regions eastern US and Central US. These two regions are prod regions and these two regions are going to receive the updates first. Then if everything went all right, then Microsoft is going to go to the next phase, which is going to be the pilot phase, which is going to include the deployment of the updates to Western central US region. Then after observation, if everything went all right, then Microsoft is going to go ahead and enable and roll out the updates into early regions and then the rest of the regions. This is to ensure the minimal impact to the updates that they are introducing to the service updates. Now this is a really good story, but how this is going to be related to us in API management world. Now, as an API management customer, we don't have any option to accept or delay or deny or reject any updates that Azure is introducing. It's going to be applied automatically. However, our part and our responsibility here is we want to make sure that we have architected our API management instances in a way to make it robust, to make sure that any unanticipated event happen from these updates, that our instances can still function properly without any problems. So. And as a good strategy to minimize the risk here is to deploy non-critical instances in the canary regions. And then having the production instances in the later regions. So if I'm going to get back to the diagram here. So let's assume that we have dev test prod environments for my API management. Let's say that we are going to put dev and test instances in one of the canary regions. And then let's leave prod instance in one of the later stages regions. This will help us to detect any problem might happen in our API management environments in dev or test as Microsoft releasing it first to the canary regions before they've been rolled out to the prod instance. And of course if we find something unusual, we need to open a support ticket with Microsoft so they can fix it. And after Microsoft rolled out the updates in the Canary regions or in the pilot region where we have our dev and test instances, then we will get more confidence that these updates wouldn't cause any problems for the prod instance. Now. How do we know that my instances are going to get updated? There are few things here. First of all, through API management, GitHub repo and you can subscribe to receive notifications about the updates and rollouts. Or you could go to the API management activity log to be able to see scheduled maintenance to know exactly when there is a maintenance applied on your API management. Or even better, you could create an alert to notify you on this kind of activities. Unusually, the update is going to be rolled out to the canary regions. And then Microsoft is going to monitor it for at least 24 hours before moving on to the next phase and then monitor it for at least 24 hours before moving on to the next phase. So by having non-critical instances in these regions are going to give you more confidence and more assurance that you are going to avoid any problems to happen in the prod instances. Finally, here within each region, API management that runs on premium tier are going to receive the updates after other tiers. So by running it on a premium tier gives you a little bit more confidence in the region as well. And if you have deployed your API management in multiple regions, then the updates is going to be determined by the instance primary location. Now let's see some canary deployment strategies that Microsoft recommends here. What's it going to be? A good strategy, as we mentioned before, to have non-critical instances in one of the canary regions. So they will receive the updates as soon as it's been released to the production pipeline and it will give you a chance, an opportunity to validate it and test it before it's going to be rolled out in your prod instance. Then as a second step, you could deploy your non-critical instances in a pilot region. So you get another chance to revalidate these updates to make sure it won't cause any problems when it's been rolled out to a production environment. Finally, it's recommended to deploy duplicate instances in a region. So you are going to have a premium tier instance which runs your workload and then you are going to have a dev tier or a lower tier instance just to get it to receive the updates first. And it will give you another chance to validate it in the same region before it affects your main workloads that runs on a premium tier. These are the main things you need to be aware of when it comes to how you can validate API management service updates and how you can architect your solutions to make sure it won't get disrupted by any unanticipated event happen through the service updates. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.