Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we configure our API management and put it in an external vnet? So let's go to our API management and let's scroll down to network. And as you can see here, we have three options when it comes to networking for our API management. First option is we don't specify any virtual network for our API management and this is the default setting and this is what we have been used in our API management so far. Having said that, we still have two options whether to put our API management in an external vnet and in this case our API management would be accessible through the public internet. Or we could put our API management in an internal Vnet and in this case our API management wouldn't be accessible through public internet. And this is the main difference between external vnet and internal vnet. The public internet accessibility. Having said that, our scope in this video is going to be primarily focused on the external vnet and as you can see, we need to specify a virtual network and a subnet. So let's go ahead and create that. Let's go ahead and create a virtual network. Let's go ahead and create a new one. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group and let's call it Vnet API, an external. And let's go to the subnets and let's go ahead and create a subnet for our API. Let's call it SDN, APM. And for the address range. Let's put ten .0.1.0 slash 24. And let's go ahead and add this subnet. Now let's go all the way down and create our external net. Now let's go back to my API and open this window here. And as you can see here, we need to specify a virtual network subnet and a public IP address. So let's go ahead and create a public IP address for my API. So we can specify them all in once. Let's go ahead and create a new public IP address. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group. Let's call it Pip API. External. And let's leave everything else to the default values and let's go ahead and create our public IP address for our API. All right. The public IP address is being created along with the vnet and subnets. So let's go ahead and assign a virtual network to our API and let's select our API subnet and let's go ahead and select the public IP address we have created for the API. And let's go ahead and apply our changes and let's go ahead and save it. However, it won't work because. We haven't associated a network security group to our API subnet, so let's go ahead and create one. Let's go ahead and create a network security group. Let's go ahead and create a new one. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group and let's call it Energy API. External and let's go ahead and create our NSG. For my subnet. All right. My energy has been created. So let's go back to my virtual network and let's go to subnets and let's select my API subnet and let's select the network security group I have just created and let's go ahead and save our changes. All right. We are all good. Now let's go back and have a look one more time at our settings. It's still there, so let's go ahead and save our changes. And as you can see here, we are missing fully qualified domain name for our public IP address. So let's go ahead and do that. So let's go back to my IP address and let's go to configuration. And for the DNS label name and let's call it AP external and let's go ahead and save our changes. All right, now let's get back to my API and let's go ahead and save my changes. Now. We have kicked it off. And it's going to take between 15 to 45 minutes to put my API management in the external vnet that we've configured. And if you are running on the developer tier for your API management, it might cause some downtime as you are placing your API in an external vnet. So be mindful of that. All right. While my API management is being placed in the vnet, let's go to my NSG and put some inbound security rules. Now let's get back to the documentation. And as you can see here, there are some prerequisites, needs to be in place in order to be able to put your API management in an external vnet. You need to have an API management instance. Of course we have one. And in this video we have created an external vnet and a subnet. And we need to specify a network security group and attach it to the subnets where we are going to have our API. The reason for having the NSG is to make a new inbound security rules because there is an internal load balancer that is used internally by API management and it's going to be secured by default and reject all inbound traffic unless we added a new inbound security rules to allow this communication to happen and we are going to see it in a bit. Finally here we need to have a public IP address for my API management, whether it's internal or external. And as you can see here, it's a must to define a DNS name label for that public IP address. Now let's go here to configure energy rules and see what we need to change or update our energy to allow the communication to happen as we are putting our API management in an external vnet. And as you can see here, these are the different rules we need to specify with the Vnet type. As you may notice here, the first rule is only applied when we are using an external vnet and all the other rules apply for both external and internal vnet. So let's go ahead and apply these rules to my. Network security group. So let's go ahead and go to inbound security rules and let's go ahead and add a new one. Let's open them side to side so we can make our changes much quicker. All right. Now let's go ahead and add a new inbound security rule. And for the source here, let's select service tag and let's make it Internet, as it says here. And the source range is Asterix, and destination is going to be service tag and we are going to set it to virtual network. And then we are going to specify Https. So the port range is going to be four, four, three. And then. All right. Let's go ahead and add this rule. And let's set priority 100, which is the default. All right. Let's go ahead and add the second rule. And again as before, we are going to make it the source service tag. And the source here is going to be API management. As it says here, and the source range is going to be asterisks. And the destination port is going to be three double, four, three. And service tag here. Destination here is going to be service tag set to virtual network and the service is going to be custom. And let's set it priority 101. And the protocol here needs to be TCP. And let's go ahead and save this inbound rule. Let's add one more inbound rule. And the service tag in this case is going to be Azure load balancer. And incoming source range is going to be asterisks. And it's going to be over TCP protocol. The destination is going to set to service tag. And we are going to set it to virtual network. And the port number is going to be 60 390. And we are going to set 120 as a priority number for this role. So these are the three main inbound security rules we need to configure in our energy to allow the communication with API management as you are placing it in an external vnet. Now let's go ahead and specify the other three outbound security rules in our NSG. So let's go ahead and do the same. The source here is going to be service tag set to virtual network Source port range is Asterix and the destination is going to be service tag. We are going to set it to storage. And the service here is going to be custom and port range for four three protocol TCP. And let's go ahead and create the outbound security rule. And let's go ahead and add one more outbound security rule. So service tag. Virtual network. Asterix Destination Service tag. And this time it's going to set to SQL. And then the port number is going to be one, four, three, three. And let's select TCP protocol and let's go ahead and add the outbound security rule. And the last one we need to add here. Set the sauce to serve stag and then set it to virtual network. And source Port range is Asterix Destination is going to set to service tag. Then we are going to select Azure Key Vault, as it says here, and then we are going to set the port range to four, four, three and set the protocol to TCP. And then because we have a duplicate name, let's call it Key Vault at the end. Now let's go ahead and add the outbound security rule. So these are the main security rules we need to add in our energy to allow our API management to function properly as we are placing it in an external vnet. And again, as I said before, the reason we need to configure and allow these rules because there is a load balancer that's been used internally by API management and it's secure by default. And if we haven't allowed these inbound and outbound security rules, all the inbound traffic is going to get rejected. And finally here, let's assume that you want to force the traffic to go through on prem or network appliance to ensure security or auditing purposes that you want to do for your API management. And in this case, you want to follow this section here. And what you need to do is to enable service endpoint on the services. Azure SQL Azure Storage and Event Hub and Key Vault. In addition to the subnets where the API management is hosted, and then you will need to specify two UDR routes for the inbound IP address and set the next hop to the public internet. And same for data plane traffic as well. Set an explicit UDR with the next hop to the internet to bypass the firewall or virtual network appliance. This is all you need to know about how to place an APM in an external vnet. Let's go back and check. My API is still being updated. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.