Hi everyone. In the previous video we have configured our API management and put it in an external vnet. Now let's scroll down to network and have a look at our configurations. As you can see here, our API management is hosted in an external vnet and this is our Vnet configuration and settings. Having said that, because we have put our API management in an external vnet, we will still be able to interact with our APIs through the API portal without any problems. So I am going to go to Demo Conference API and go to get speakers operation and let's go ahead and test it. We should get a result back without any problems because we have put our API management in an external vnet. However, this won't be the case if we have put our API management in an internal vnet because if you remember the main difference between internal and external vnet is the public internet accessibility. External Vnet allows our API management to be accessible through public internet. However, internal Vnet won't allow our API management to be accessible through public internet. So let's go ahead and configure it to be in an internal vnet and let's use the same vnet and subnet we have used before. And let's go ahead and save our changes. However, it will not work because as you can see here, we need to specify a different public IP address when we want to change our API management from external Vnet hosting to internal Vnet hosting. So let's go ahead and create a new public IP address for our API management to be able to put it in an internal vnet. So let's go ahead and create a new public IP address and let's put it in Sydney Resource Group. And let's call it PYP, APM Internal. And let's go ahead and create our public IP address. No, right. My public IP address is being created. So let's go to configuration and put a DNS name for my public IP address. Let's call it APM Internal and let's go ahead and save our changes. All right, let's get back to my API management and let's select internal Vnet. And now we are going to use the new IP address we have created for the internal Vnet. And let's go ahead and apply our changes and let's go ahead and save it. And same as before, it will take between 15 to 45 minutes for the changes to apply. While we are waiting for this, let's have a quick look at the document here. If you remember in the previous video, we have configured all of these security rules in our network security group. Having said that, the first rule here should only be applied in the external vnet case only. So what I need to do now is to go back to my network security groups and Azs and update it and remove that security rule from the inbound security rules. Which allows the access from public Internet to our virtual network. So let's go ahead and disable it. So this is going to be my rule. Let's double check it. Allowing the access from public Internet to virtual network on Port 443. And let's go ahead and delete this rule. And by doing this, we are preparing our network security group for internal vnet configuration for our API management. And after we are placing our API management in the internal vnet, we will not be able to test our APIs through the API portal. And what we can do instead is to create a new VM in the same Vnet and from that VM we can interact and test our APIs in API management. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.