Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we use and access our API management after we put it in an internal vnet? And the main thing you might have noticed here is that now after we have put our API management in an internal Vnet, now you will be able to see two IP addresses for your API management, one public IP address and another private IP address. And if we scroll down here to networking, you should be able to see our configuration. We have configured before internal vnet for our API management. Now if we go back up to APIs and go to Demo conference API, you might notice here there is a warning here next to the test tab that we want to be able to test our APIs in the API portal after we put it in an internal vnet. So let's give it a go and see what are we going to get? And as you see here, we are not able to get any response back. And I've already mentioned that before. So now let's go ahead and create a new VM and put it in the same vnet as my API management exists. And from the virtual machine we are going to use Postman to send API calls and test our API using the API management. Now let's go ahead and create a new virtual machine. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group, let's call it VM oh one Windows Server 2019 and let's select a username and password for my VM. Let's leave port. RDP Port open and let's go to networking. Let's select our vnet. We have created before and let's put it in default subnet and let's go all the way down and create our virtual machine. Let's go ahead and create it. All right. My VM has been created, so let's go and connect to our VM. Let me put my username and password. All right, now let's go to my local server and disable enhance its security configuration for me so I'll be able to browse and download different things. Now let me open Internet Explorer. And now let me go ahead and search for Postman Download. And let's go ahead and download Postman. Now let's download Postman. And let's go ahead and open it. And let me go back to my API management and let's copy the request URL of this operation and let's go back to my VM and put the request URL in the URL here and let's send a request and see what are we going to get. As you can see here, we didn't get any response back. The reason is we need to do some updates in the hosts file and add the different endpoint configurations for our API management with the private IP address for our API management. So let's go back to my API management and go to the overview tab and let's copy the private IP address of my API management and let's go to my VM and browse to the hosts file. Let's go to see. Windows System. 23 drivers. ATC hosts. And let's go ahead and open it. Using notepad. Now I'm going to put the private IP address of my API management. Then let's go back to the document here. Let's go ahead and add all of these different endpoint configurations. Let's copy it all. And I need five more rows of that configurations, one for the gateway, one for the portal. And one for the developer Gateway. And one for the management in the point. And finally for the SQM. And the point. All right. Definitely. I need to change Contoso internal vnet here to the name of my API management. So let's get back to my API management and go down to custom domains. And in here you should be able to find the hostname of my API management. So I'm going to copy it over in the host settings here. And then I'm going to replace Contoso internal Vnet with the name of my API management. Let's go ahead and do that for all of these endpoints. All right. Now, let's go ahead and save this file and let's get back to Postman and send one more request and see what are we going to get. As you can see here, we are getting 401. Access denied because we haven't supplied the subscription key yet. So let's go to headers and let's add a subscription key. So let's browse up to subscriptions. And let's show the keys for a starter product and let's copy the primary key of a starter product and let's put it here in the header value. And let's get back to API. Let's go back to API's demo conference API, get speakers test. And then let's click on this button here to see the right header name. We should provide in Postman. And let's go back to Postman and put the header name. Now let's send one more request. As you can see here, we are getting some response back because we have provided the right subscription key and we have updated the hosts file to refer to the API management endpoint using the private IP address of our API management. And this is how we can access and use API management hosted in an internal vnet. It won't be accessible from public internet at all. Now let's go back and clean things up. Now let's go back to my VM and let's delete it. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.