Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we integrate Application Gateway with API management in an internal vnet. But before we get into that, let's talk a little bit about this scenario here. Let's say that we have external customer that wants to use our external APIs, and the external customer is connecting to our APIs through public Internet. And we have another set of customers, internal customers that want to use our internal APIs. And the internal customer is connecting to our APIs through our corporate network, which is protected behind Firewall and other network security configurations. Now there are two ways to make this implementation. The first approach is to have two separate instances of API management. And have one of these instances set primarily to host internal APIs and make it dedicated for internal use. And then to have another API management instance to host external APIs and make that API management instance dedicated for external use. So by making this separation between internal APIs and external APIs, we are going to make sure that we don't have any risks at all. However, we are going to have a little bit of a cost overhead in addition to operational overhead as well, since you will have to maintain two separate instances. And as a prerequisite, I forgot to mention, is that you have to have certificates for custom host name for your API management to be able to configure this scenario and implement the solution this way and integrate the application gateway with the API management. However, I didn't configure a custom host name for my API management in this video because I just wanted to make things much easier and simpler for you. And what this diagram suggests is here is to be able to host both internal APIs and external APIs in a single API management instance. And then by the help of the application gateway, we will be able to direct the traffic to external APIs only. So let's see how it's going to work. First thing we need to do is to put our API management in an internal Vnet and we have done it already in a previous video. Now let's say that an internal customer wants to access an internal API. They will be able to do that by hitting the private IP address of API management and then they will be able to call the internal APIs hosted in API management. Having said that, we have already assumed that there is a kind of network tunnel between your corporate network and your Azure landing zone, either through express route or VPN connection. Anyway. Now for the external customer use case, they will be hitting the public IP address of application gateway. And then we are going to configure routing rules in the application gateway to direct traffic to external APIs. And if we have an external customer that wants to access an internal API, then the application gateway is going to drop this connection. Let's see how it's going to work on Azure and let's go ahead and implement it. So let's go to the portal here and let's go to the application gateway and create a new one. So let's go ahead and create a new one. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group. Let's call it API Application Gateway. And let's use the standard version two and leave everything to the default values. And let's select our vnet. One of the requirements for application gateway is that it requires to be hosted in a separate subnet, and both of these subnets has been used already. So let's go ahead and create. A new subnet for the application gateway. So let's go to manage subnet configurations and let's go ahead and add a new subnet. Let's call it application Gateway and let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let's go back to our application gateway and let's select the new subnet we just created. And let's go to the front end page. Now we are going to create a public IP address for the application gateway, and that public IP address is what the external customers are going to use to be able to hit the application gateway with their requests. So let's call it P IP application Gateway. And now let's go to the back end. And let's add that back in the pool. Let's call it AP M, and let's make the target here to be the private IP address of my API management. And let's go ahead and add this pool and let's go ahead and add another pool and call it sink pool. And this pool is going to be empty. And let's go ahead and add it. Now we have configured the two backend pools in the application gateway here. One back in the pool is going to have the API management and another backend pool is just empty and is going to drop the requests. Why you have done it that way we are going to see in the next step. Now let's go to the configuration and let's add a routing rules. Let's call it API routing rule. And let's give it priority one. And the listener name here is going to be Http listener. And let's leave everything to the default values. For the backhand targets. Here I am going to choose my apim and let's go ahead and create a backhand settings. Let's call it Http settings. And let's leave everything else as the default values and let's go ahead and add it. Now, here we come to the tricky part and let me open notepad here to help you understand it better. So when the external customer wants to hit our external API, they are going to hit it through our application gateway. And then the application gateway is going to direct the traffic to API management and then we are going to have something in the path here. We're going to have external and then let's call it API one. This will allow this should allow the external user to be able to hit API one because it's an external API that we deliberately exposed through public internet and make it accessible for external users to access it. However, if the external user wants to hit an internal API that we didn't expose over public internet and then we are going to rely on the path based routing here again. And our path for the internal API here is going to be API internal, then internal API. Then we will need to configure the application gateway to drop that request because it doesn't suppose to happen and we will be able to achieve this through path based rules in Application Gateway. So let's go ahead and configure it. So let's say if we have external in the path, then we are going to consider this an external request. Let's call it external rule. And then we are going to use Http settings and we are going to send the request to the backend pool that we have configured for APM because this is a genuine request. If you look at the first example here, we have API one already, an external API and we have configured it to be accessible through external path URL. And if the external user hits that API through that path, it should work straight away and the application gateway should direct the traffic to the API management. Now let's go to the second scenario here. If the external user sends a request that has internal in the path. Let's call it internal rule. Then we want to drop this connection by sending it to sink pool, which doesn't have any back targets. And let's go ahead and add this request. This is primarily to make sure that external customers will be able to only hit the external APIs, and if they try to circumvent around the application gateway to use an internal API that we haven't exposed through public internet, then the application gateway is going to catch this request and drop it because it's not a genuine request. Now let's get back to the application gateway and let's go ahead and add this rule. And let's go to tags and let's go ahead and create our application gateway. All right. My application gateway has been created. So let's go to my application gateway. And let's scroll down to the back end health to see the health status of my API management that is connected to the application gateway. And as you can see here. Application Gateway sees API management as unhealthy because of one thing we have missed. We need to configure health probe. In our application gateway. Let's call the health Probe API. In Health Probe. Let's use Https and for the hostname here, let's copy the gateway URL of my API management and let's get rid of Https. And then for the path here, let's go to the documentation and scroll down because we will need to add a specific path to configure application gateway to listen or check on the health status of the API management. And we need to copy this path here. And this is specific to API management only and let's leave everything else to the default values. Let's use Http settings and let's go ahead and test our health probe. All right. As you can see here, it's all good and healthy. So let's go ahead and add the health probe. And now let's go back to backend health. And let's see the health status of our API management after we have configured the health probe on the application gateway. And as you can see here, it's now healthy. Now let's go to Connection Troubleshoot and play around with it. Let's select a manual IP address and let's put the private IP address of my API management. And let's use TCP port 80. And let's use both connectivity and NSG diagnostic. And let's run this test. All right. Let's scroll down here. As you can see here, when we hit the application gateway, the next hop is going to be the private IP address of my API management because my API management is an internal Vnet It's not exposed through public Internet. That's why when we tested the traffic application, Gateway is going to hit the API management directly. I think that's all you need to know about Application Gateway and how you can configure it to allow both. Internal users and external users to be able to access internal APIs and external APIs hosted in the same API management instance. And I've done a complete course on Application Gateway. If you are interested to learn more about it, please check it out. That's all I have for you in this video. Now, let's go ahead and clean things up. So I'm going to delete my application gateway. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.