Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the private endpoints for API management. And let's have a look at this diagram here. So we have our API management instance and then we are going to build a private endpoint in Avnet. And as you can see here, this Vnet has a cider range and then the private endpoint is going to allocate a private IP address within the cider range of our vnet. Then the traffic is going to go through from client to private endpoint through private link connection to Azure API management through Microsoft Backbone Network, which is not going to be exposed to public Internet. And this is one of the ways how private endpoint provides extra security for your traffic, because the traffic goes through a private link through Microsoft Backbone Network, which is not going to be traveling through the public Internet. And then we are going to have a DNS private zone to map the API management hostname to the endpoints private IP address. Now, there is something important you need to be aware of here. Is that the private endpoint only configured for inbound traffic to the API management. Currently the outbound is not supported. However, we could use a virtual network to establish outbound connectivity to a private endpoint from API management. However, we are not going to do that in this video. One key thing here is in order to enable private endpoints, the API management can't be configured in internal or external virtual network. So in order to do that, let's go back to the portal and let's turn off. Our network configurations for our API management. Let's go to my API management, browse to network and let's select none. For the virtual network and let's go ahead and save our changes. And as you already know, it will take between 15 to 45 minutes for our changes to take place. All right. Now my changes has been configured and my API management is not in a vnet anymore. Now let's go ahead and configure a private endpoint for my API management. Let's call it API private endpoint and we are going to host it in Australia East. And let's go to the resources page. And as you can see here, the resource has been already selected, my API management instance and the target sub resource is the gateway. Now let's go to Virtual network and let's choose my API subnet and let's go to the DNS. Let's go with the default values to create a private DNS zone for my API management. And let's go ahead and create my private endpoint for my API management. All right. My private endpoint has been deployed. And let's go to the resource here and browse to DNS configuration so we can see our API management configuration in the private DNS zone. And of course, if we go back to the API management, we should be able to see when we go to networking tab, we should be able to see the private endpoint we have created. And as you can see here, the status is approved. We could create up to 100 private endpoints for our API management as it says in the documentation here. It's one of the limitations of API management, private link connections. And when we establish a private endpoint, it's going to be established with API management instance Gateway in the. It wouldn't support other endpoints of API management for the inbound traffic so far. This is what you need to know about private endpoints and why it is important in the API management scope because it will allow you to establish a secure connections between your client going through private endpoint, IP address through to private link through to your API management within Microsoft Backbone Network and that traffic will not travel through the public internet. This is one of the main advantages of using private endpoints. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.