Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the IP addresses for API management and you can find it here in the overview tab and go to IP addresses. We have a public IP address for our API management instance now. And if you remember when we deployed our API management in an internal Vnet, we had a public IP address and a private IP address in addition to it. So when we put our API management in a virtual network, there are two types of IP addresses. Public IP address and a private IP address. In case we deployed our API management in an external vnet, then the public IP address is going to be used to run the API traffic. However, when we put our API management in an internal vnet, then the private IP address is going to use to get a direct access to our APIs and the management plane developer portal and gateway endpoints. And this is the main differences between external and internal vnet configurations for API management. Now. Let's go to the documentation and have a look at this part here. When we deploy our API management in a Vnet, whether it's internal or external, and the API management is trying to connect to a private back end that is hosted in the same subnet used to run the API traffic. Then in this case the private IP address of our API management is going to be visible in the request at the origin of the request. That's why it's going to be a good idea if you want to build some IP restriction list to include the Cidr range of the API management subnet range, not only the private IP address of your API management. It's recommended to consider the whole Cidr range of the subnet where your API management is hosted. If you are going to apply some IP restriction rules for your traffic within your Vnet or vnet. And the other scenario is when your API management wants to communicate with the public endpoint. Then in this case, the public IP address of your API management is going to be visible at the source or origin of the request. This is a key differences between when API management using the public IP address versus private IP address. It's a primarily depends on the destination where it is. Now let's go a little bit down and have a look at some scenarios and situations where API management is going to change the IP addresses that are specified to your instance. And of course, Azure is not going to do this on its own. It's a primarily when you do some changes to your API management environment. Generally speaking, IP addresses for API management are going to remain static for the lifetime of the API management instance. Unless we have a few exceptions, we have deleted the API management service or we decided to recreate our instance or if the subscription has been disabled, or when you put your API management in a virtual network or removed it from a virtual network, IP addresses are going to change in this case or even if your API management is already in a virtual network and you switch the type of the vnet from internal to external or the other way around, then your API management is going to get new IP addresses. And when you are moving your API management to a different subnet, when you enable or disable zone redundancy or when you do a multi region deployment for your API management. And finally, the important to note here that we have already experienced in a video that when we place our API management in an external vnet and we have a public IP address been assigned to the API management in an external vnet. Then we decided to change our API management and host it in an internal vnet. In this case, we need to get a new public IP address and assign it to the API management as we are putting it in an internal vnet. And we have already seen this in a previous video. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.