Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we protect our API management from the DDoS attacks. Now let's go to my API management and I think it might be. A good idea if I have recorded this video while I had my API management in a vnet because if you remember I have already turned it off the vnet configuration on my API management and why this is important. I will let you know if we browse to network virtual networks, this is where we are going to configure the DDoS protection on the Vnet level and if we are going to have our API management in a Vnet, whether it's internal or external and the Vnet has been already configured for the DDoS protection, this is how can we protect our API management from the DDoS attacks? So I'm going to show you the steps here anyway. So let's go to our virtual network and let's go to the DDoS protection and let's go ahead and enable it. And we don't have a DDoS protection plan yet, so let's go ahead and create a new one. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group. Let's call it API dos. Protection and then let's put it in Australia East and let's go ahead and create our DDoS protection plan for our API management. All right. My dose protection plan is being created, as you can see here. So now let's go back to my virtual network. And let's go to the DDoS protection and let's enable it and choose the DDoS protection plan that we have created. And now let's go ahead and save our changes. And by having that, we have enabled the DDoS protection on the Vnet level and it's going to get applied to the API management instance. Whether we have configured it in an internal vnet or external vnet. As long as we have enabled the DDoS protection on the Vnet level. Having said that, let's go down to the private endpoints and these are the private endpoints that we have created in the previous video. So I'm going to go ahead and delete them because I don't need them anymore and I don't get charged with this. So let's go ahead and delete the private endpoints. And that's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.