Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we enable internal caching for API management? And let's go to my API management instance and go to APIs. And let's go to demo conference API. Go to the test tab and go to get speakers operation and send a request. This is pretty much what we usually get when we send a request for get speakers operation. Now we want to improve the performance of this request by adding a case at the API management level so we don't have to go to the backend every single time. We want to get a response for get speakers operation, but instead when we enable the case on the API management level, we will be bringing the data from the case instead of sending the request to one more time to the backend service which is going to improve the performance of our requests in API management. Now let's see how can we implement this? Let's go ahead and add policy and let's select case responses. And let's go to the full scope. And let's go ahead and save our policy. We're not going to change anything to the default values. Now let's go to the policy here and have a look at what's been added. As you can see here, we have two policies been added to my API management policy. One in the inbound section and one in the outbound section. In the outbound section is very easy and straightforward. We are configuring the duration of the case for the outbound connections. So when the back end response, let's go back to the design phase. So let's say that we have sent a request through API management to the back end going through the inbound processing. Now on the way out, when the response is received from the back end, this is where the API management is going to store the response and cache it at the API management level for the upcoming requests. And that's pretty much what this line is doing here. Now, in the inbound section here, we are looking at the data in the cache to see if it's available or not. Now, let's go ahead and test this operation and see if we will be able to get the result back from the cache or not. So this is the first request. Let's click on the trace. So we will be able to see what's going on. All right. Now let's go to Trace here and search for case. And as you can see here, the API management didn't find the result in a case. And if we scroll a little bit down here to the end, we will be able to see that the response is being buffered. But somehow the API management wasn't able to get this result from the cache. Why? If you look here, probably you might know the answer. The cache here is set to Australia East while we need to set it to the internal API management. So if I'm going to go to the document here and have a look at this attribute caching type. We need to specify the type of casing or where the casing is going to happen when we are casing the response. And in our policy here, it's not been specified. So let's go ahead and add casing type and set it to internal. So we will be looking at the internal casing at the API management level. Now let's go ahead and save our changes. And let's go ahead and test it one more time. Let's send the request. And go to trace and have a look at case. And as you can see here, the cage has been changed to internal instead of Australia East as it was before. But having said that, we still wasn't able to get the data from the cage. Probably because this is the first request. And if we send the request one more time, we should be able to find a result in the cage here. As you can see, cache lookup resulted in a hit API. Management was able to find the result in the case and that's definitely is going to improve the performance of the API operation. All right. So that's one type of caching we can do at the API management level. However, we still are able to do other types of caching. Now this is where we are going to store value in cache. Copy it over. And put it in. The outbound section. So we are going to set the key to be key and the value to be value. Just to make it simple. And the duration is. 30/600. Casing type. Again, I need to set it to internal and let's go ahead and save our changes and let's go to the test tab. And let's send a request. And let's go to trace and search for case. We should be able to see the result at the bottom here. As you can see, cash stored value has been already happened for key, key and value value, as we have specified in our policy. Now let's go back one more time and see what we need to do. Probably that's one of the errors that happens at the API management because it's a developer tier. It's not something you're going to see every day, to be honest. And let's go back one more time and edit our policy. And now let's go. Here. To case lookup value. And let's scroll down and copy this code here and put it in the inbound section. So we are going to look up for value where the key. Is key and the default value is going to be def and variable name here that we are looking for to set when we get this value from the cache. I'm going to set it to none and caching type here. I set it to internal. Let's go ahead and save our changes. And let's go to this tab and send a trace request one more time. And let's go to Trace Searching for cache. And as you can see here, the cache been set to internal resulted to a hit. However, we didn't see the get cash value. Having said that, it's been already stored here. Maybe because this is the first run, and if I am going to send one more request, we should be able to look up this value from the cache as well. As you can see here, cache lookup value has happened, resulted in a hit and we will be able to retrieve the key and the value from the cache. However, variable name here that we are going to set with the value that we retrieved from the cache is going to be none. Ideally, I want to set this variable name to be a header name or any param in my page to set to the value that we are retrieving from the cache. And if I scroll all the way down here, you should be able to see the case been stored with this value that we have specified before. These are the different types of casing that you can play around with. Having said that, we have one more policy we can use as well where we can remove value from case. So let's go ahead and copy this code over to the policy of get speakers operation and let's put it in the. We just want to check where this policy should sit, whether in the inbound section or outbound section. As you can see here, it's available everywhere. So let's go back to the API management and let's put this policy here where we are going to remove key from the internal keys and to test it properly, I'm going to put this before we look up for value key in our case. So in the outbound section here in the first call, we are going to store key value in the Keys. So in the next run we are going to remove it from the keys and then look up for it. And ideally we want to be able to find it because we just removed it. Now let's go ahead and save our changes and let's go ahead and test it in the test tab. Let's send a request and let's go to trace and search for Case. And as you can see here, it resulted in a miss because this is our first call and there is nothing changed. And as you can see here, value has been removed from cache because we have configured this key to stay in the cache for a longer duration When this policy runs. It found this key already exists in the cache and that's why the cache remove value has been triggered and it was able to remove the key from our case. That's all I have for you in the API management caching policies. How you can configure internal caching for your API management and what are the different policies you can use? Definitely internal caching will be one of the best ways to improve the API performance in your API management. Having said that, casing is available for all API management tiers. However, with different storage capacity, as you can see, casing per unit is available across all except consumption. However, the storage or cache storage that are going to be allocated is going to be different based on the tier you are signed up with. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video. But before I get into that, let's go ahead and clean things up. Let's go ahead and remove let's go to the cache here and let's remove these policies we have created in this video. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.