Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about the external casing in API management. But before we get into that, let's talk a little bit about why. Why do you want to set up external casing even though there is an internal casing for the API management? And if we get back to the future comparison here across different tiers, we should be able to find the answer. Even though there is an internal casing capability for API management, it has a limit and based on the theory we are going to go for, you are going to have some limits. Even you are going to go to the premium tier or isolated, which is the highest tiers. You are going to be restricted with five gigs only of internal case in API management. And maybe you have some scenarios where you want to have more space in your case more than those five gigs. And this is where you need to consider external casing for your API management. And also when you want to have more control on your case configurations and also when you want to avoid your case to be cleared during API management updates. These are kind of scenarios where you want to consider external caching and obviously if you are running on consumption tier, the only option for you is to configure external caching. So now let's go back to Azure and configure an external cache and we are going to configure Redis for our API management and let's go ahead and create a new instance. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group, let's call it API external cache. And let's put it in Australia, East and West Standard Tier. And let's go to networking. Obviously, you shouldn't go with the public endpoint because it's going to make your case available and accessible from all networks. And a better option is to access it through a private endpoint, which is similar to what we have configured for API management before. This is going to ensure that there is a private connectivity between your radius and whatever resources needs to access it. However, because I now deleted the private endpoint on my apim, I'm going to go for public endpoint. However, you should never do this in production environment or you should never do that at all. Now let's go to the advanced section and let's go with the latest version, Version six. And let's go all the way down and create our redice instance to be the external cage for our API management. All right. My redice instance is created. So let's go back to my API management and scroll down to external cage and let's go ahead and add my cache instance that I've created and let's go ahead and save our changes. All good. Now we have specified external cache for my API management. Now let's see how we are going to use it. So let's go back to APIs, demo Conference API, get speakers and let's go ahead and add policy cache response and let's do it in full and in the caching type here. Let's go ahead and specify external and let's go ahead and save our changes. Let's have a look at the policy definitions. As you can see here, we have the casing type set to external. Now, let's go ahead and save our changes and let's go to the test tab and let's send a request. All right. And let's send another one. So we will see how the cache is going to work. Let's go to trace and search for cache. As you can see here, the cage has been set to Australia East because it's an external cage and cache lookup resulted in a hit because API management was able to find the result in the case in the external cache that we've specified. So in summary, all caching policies we have covered in the previous video, you should be able to do them as you are specifying the caching type to be external. Now let's go back and clean things up. Let me first go to my demo conference API and let's. Delete these two policies. In the outbound section and in the inbound section. And let's go ahead and save our changes and let's go to the external case and let's go ahead and delete it. And let's go to the Redis instance and let's see, delete it as well. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.