Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about policies in API management and we have already used different policies in previous videos, if you remember. And in this video we are going to dive deep into policy definitions and configuration and there is scope in API management. Let's go to our API management instance and go to APIs and try to understand what is the API management policy. At a very high level policy is a way that allows you to change the API behavior in your API management. So when your API management receives a request from a API consumer hitting one of these operations. Then the API management is going to pass the request into the inbound processing section where it's going to examine the inbound section of our policy. Then after that, API management is going to pass on the request onto the backend service. And then the back end service is going to process the request and send the response back on to the outbound processing section. This is where it's going to examine and apply the outbound policies we have specified in our API management policy. Then after that, the response is going to be sent back to the API consumer. So having this policy here allows us to change the API behavior in a way or another. If you remember when we created a mock response policy as an inbound processing policy in a request, then the API consumer gets the mock response every time they call our API operation. And the request didn't get through to the backend service because we have already created a mock response similar to the caching as well. When we have some data changed in the internal API casing or external redis cache as we have seen before and the API consumer sends a request. And in the inbound section we have looked at the caching to see if we have already cached this value or not. If so, then the response is going to send back to the consumer and it's not going to get to the back end service. Similar thing for the outbound processing. If you remember, we were sitting some values in the internal cache in the outbound section here. So next time when a new consumer sends a request, then the API management is going to check for this value in the inbound processing section before it gets the request through to the backend service. This is at a very high level how policy works in API management. Now let's dive a little bit deeper. We have two ways to add or create a policy in our API management, either using a form editor or using a text editor form editor. We have used it before already for mock responses and throttling for APIs. If you remember. However, it's not available for all policies in API management, and for this reason you could go back and use the text editor where you could specify pretty much all policies in API management as you are going to see in the following videos. The main thing you need to be aware of when it comes to API management policies is that it consists of four main sections inbound. Backend. I would bounce and on error. What are the differences between these? Let's go back to the documentation and have a look here. So in the inbound section, policy statements are going to be applied to the request going through the inbound section. And this is where we have created our mock response for one of the APIs, if you remember, and the back end section here, statements are going to be applied before the request passed into the back end service. And for the outbound section, the policy statements are going to be applied after the response gets from the back end service. And then on error section, here is a catch all phrase where it's going to run when any error happens in any of these section. Having said that, let's say we had an error in any of these sections and what's going to happen is that the remaining steps are going to be ignored and then the execution is going to jump into the on error section, pretty much similar to try catch in any programming language if you already used any. And similar to the catch phrase in any programming language, you could be able to see the last error in the on error section and you could customize the error response by using set body policy. And you can configure pretty much what's going to happen in case an error happens when the API management is processing different policies in all of these sections. Now let's go down to scopes and this is one of the important things you need to know about API management policies. There are five different scopes where you could apply your API management policy. Global scope. This is where you define policies that are going to be applied to all APIs in your API management. And then we have workspace policies. This is where you are going to specify the policies that are going to apply to APIs in this workspace only. Then we have a product scope. This is where you are going to specify policies like the rate or quota that are going to be applied to all APIs in this particular product. Then we have API. You could configure policies like JWT token validation. And finally, we have operation level or operation scope. This is where you could apply different policies like cache URL, body that are going to be applied on a specific operation only. So why do we have so many scopes when it comes to API management policies? Actually, it gives you a lot of freedom and and removes a lot of duplication from your policy definitions. Think of a policy like classes or logging policy that has to be applied to all APIs in your API management. So in this case it will be better for you to specify these policies at the global level to make sure that it's going to be applied to all APIs in your API management. Existing APIs and new APIs as well. And also there is a merit of adding different APIs in a product where you are going to specify different policy statements on this product to set the throttling limit and the quota for this product and much more than that. Now let's get back to the API management and let's have a look at where we could apply these different scopes. And let's start from operation on the way up. So let's go to APIs here. Demo Conference API and let's select one operation. So as I am standing here at Get Speakers operation, if I'm going to go ahead and specify a policy. So this policy will be an operation policy. It will only apply on the get speakers operation only. And this is the lowest scope we have here. However, if we wanted to apply our API management policy at a higher level, then we need to specify it for all operations. In the demo conference API and in this case it's going to be an API scope policy which is going to get applied to all operations in this API. Then let's go on, Step up, which is the product scope. And in this case, we need to go to products here. And then let's go to starter product, for example. And in here I could specify my policy statements for this product. And once I have done that, it's going to get applied to all APIs in starter products. Now let's go one step up workspace. And I've already created a workspace in the previous video and I deleted it if I remember. However, you still should be able to create and define API management policies at a workspace level. And in this case, these policies are going to be applied to all APIs in this workspace. Finally here, the global level. This is where you get to your APIs and click on all APIs here. Any policy you define at this level, it's going to be a global policy which is going to get applied to all APIs in your API management and it's going to be a good place to put and configure all of the logging, monitoring security requirements for your APIs in your API management because it's going to get applied to the existing APIs and new APIs as well. That's all I have for you in this video. It was just a quick overview of API management policies and where we could apply them, what are the different scope and different sections of the policy statement? Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.