Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about policy fragments and how it's useful for us to help us to reuse our policies in different places in API management. So policy fragments here will be a central place to manage all your policy definitions. Then you will be able to reuse them later on in any policy statement in your API management. Now there are some limitations for policy statements. First of all, we can't have the inbound outbound or back end sections. The main sections in the policy statement that we usually add in any other policy definition. We cannot have these tags in the policy fragment in addition to base tag as well. And at the moment, policy fragments doesn't support inheritance like you cannot refer policy, fragment in another policy fragment or create a nested policy fragment. And the maximum size is 32 case. Now let's go ahead and create a policy fragment. Let's call it my policy fragment. And for the fragment here, I'm going to go and copy sample here. Let's go ahead and put it over in my policy fragment and let's go ahead and save our changes. Actually, this code overrides the value of this header based on the user ID and deployment reason. Let's go ahead and create it and it will work. Now. Let's go and refer this policy fragment in my API management policy statement for get speakers operation. So let's go to get speakers and go to my code here and then let's go to my documentation and copy this line here to refer my policy fragment ID in my policy statement for get speakers operation. So let's go ahead and do that. However, I need to change the ID here to be my policy fragment. The name I have used to create my policy fragment. And now let's go ahead and save my changes and let's go ahead and test. Get speakers operation and let's send the request and it will fail because the policy fragment we have created doesn't have the user ID and deployment region in the context of the request. That's why it failed. So I need to put proper values. So let's go to my policy fragment here and go to the policy editor. And now I'm going to change the values here to be test and let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let's go back and test the get speakers operation. Notice here, I don't need to do anything now in the get speakers policy statement because it just refers my policy fragment and everything I change here, it's going to be picked up in the reference I put in the get speakers operation here in the policy statement. So let's go ahead and test it. Let's send the request. All right. This time it worked. However, let's try and apply some real changes. So let's go ahead to my policy fragment and change X powered by header name in the response to be something else instead of ASP.Net. I'm going to change it and make it Java just to confuse the attackers. And I'm not going to put any version number to make it more confusing for them. Now let's go ahead and apply this changes and let's get back to my API management and send a request. As you can see here, it didn't take place. And the reason for this. Is we have put our policy fragment in the inbound section. However, we need to put it in the outbound section. Why is that? Because we are overriding the header value that comes in the response. And if we did it in the inbound section, as we have already did, it wouldn't make any difference. So let's try and put it in the outbound section and see what will happen. Let's go ahead and save our changes and let's go ahead and test get speakers operation one more time. Let's send a request. As you can see here, the header name X powered by has been changed to Java, as I have specified in my policy fragment. This is how policy fragment adds a lot of flexibility and simplicity to your policy definitions in your API management. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. So let's go to my policy fragments and let's go ahead and delete this one. However, as you can see here, I am not able to delete it, maybe because it's been already referenced in my get speakers operation and if we get in there, probably we could be able to see the reference here as well, where this policy fragment has been referenced in my API management and you guessed it right, you need to remove the reference before we will be able to delete our policy fragment. So let's go back to my get speakers operation and let's go ahead and delete that policy fragment from my get speakers operation. Now let's get back to my policy fragment. And let's refresh this page now. We should be able to delete our policy fragments. As I said before, it's going to be an easy way to centrally manage and reuse all of your policy fragments in API management. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.