Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about policy expressions and we are going to see how it can add a lot of power to your policy statements and how it is super easy to use as well, because at the end of the day, it's a c sharp syntax. And if you are already familiar with C sharp code, it should be easy for you to use policy expressions. Now let's look ahead and see how can we use policy expressions in our API management. So let's go to get speakers operation and see how can we add a policy statement. So we have two options either to add a single line policy statement or multi line policy statement for the single line. As simple as that multi line, it's going to be curly brackets, parentheses, curly brackets, parentheses for single line, curly brackets for multi line. Now this is good to know now what kind of expressions I can put in my policy statement. So let's go to the documentation here and have a look. As you can see here. We have an access to context variable, which has an access to much more parameters and attributes about our request response and API management. Having said that, the policy expressions is in C-sharp code. We don't have access to all. Net framework types only a subset of. Net framework types are allowed for us to use in policy expressions. And let's start with that. This is the list of supported types that you could use in your policy statements. Of course, we're not going to go through them one by one, but I'm going to put a link for this page for your reference so you know what you can use in your policy expressions. Now let's get to the context variable. And as you can see here, it has so many classes, attributes, parameters that you could use that gives you a lot of information about the context of your API operation. Let's go ahead and try to use one of these variables. So I'm going to go to the outbound section here and I'm going to go to set a header and I'm going to choose a header name. Export body. So I'm going to override the value of this header. To be something else. So let's close this tag. And now let's specify a value. And the value here, I'm going to use a single line policy expression. So I'm going to make at open parentheses and then I'm going to put context. And let's get back to the documentation here and try to pick an operation. So I'm going to go to context operation. And in operation here, I'm going to access the name of the operation. So context, dot, operation, dot name. And let's go ahead and close this up and save our changes. Now let's go to the test tab. And let's send a request. As you can see here, X Power BI has been changed to get speakers operation. The one that I've used to test this operation. Now I'm going to go ahead and show you another example. Maybe let's go to the response and see the response code or the status code of the request. So let's go to get speakers operation, set, header and context dot response dot status code. However, I will need to add something more, but I'm just going to show you the error because the status code here is end. It won't be allowed to be returned as is. So what I need to do now is to put two string to convert the status code to string so that so that the policy statement will be happy with it. Now let's go to test it up. And now let's send a request. As you can see here, X Power BI has been changed to 200, which is the status code of our response. And pretty much you can do all of these things in your policy expression. And I just showed you a few examples and then definitely the rest is going to be easy for you to use and it's going to be really useful in some situations. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. Let's go back to get speakers operation and let's remove our policy and let's go ahead and save our changes. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.