Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about error handling in API management policies, which is going to be pretty much in on error clause here in the policy statement. As I said before, I want you to consider on error clause or tag here to be same as exception clause in C sharp codes. So whatever error happens in the above code, whether inbound back end outbound sections in your policy statement, then the execution is going to pause or stop to be honest and jump to the on error clause to execute whatever statements we are going to put in on error clause. Having said that, and same to C sharp code and any programming language, we are not able to use the full statements that we can use in the main sections. For example. The policies we are allowed to use in on error section are going to be much less than the policies that are allowed for us in all of the other sections. And I think this is pretty normal in the exception clause in C-sharp code, you will not be able to access the full power that you can specify in the tri clause. And if we get a little bit down here, you should be able to see different policies that you can use in your own error clause. One of the key objects you need to keep in mind and to be aware of is last error, which gives you a bit of information about the most recent error happened in API management and you will be able to get much more details about the source reason message. ET cetera. Now, let's scroll a little bit down here. You should be able to see the predefined errors for the built in steps and for policies as well. However, this doesn't cover everything. Now, if we scroll down here to have a look at this example, now, as you can see, we have empowered our own error section with a lot of information here to be able to get more data from last error objects and inject it in the header names in our response so we can tell what exactly is wrong in the failed request. And as we provide all this information, it will help us to know what's wrong. Having said that, exposing so much information about the errors in your API management could be a security concern. So always make sure that you only do this in development environment where you are going to be the only one that is able to see the breakdown of the error details because you don't want to expose these key information to an external consumer. Now let's scroll a little bit down here. As you can see, this is what you are going to get in the response header as you provide this data in the on error clause. And again, this is going to only show up in case of an error happen in the policy processing. Otherwise these headers won't show up. That's all I have for you in this video about error handling in API management policies. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.