Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about access restriction policies in API management and we are going to go through different policies you can define and create in your API management. Having said that, API management has access to restriction policies. This shouldn't be your only line of defense for accessing your API management. You always, always, always want to aim to have multiple level of defenses to protect the access to your API management, maybe through authentication, authorization, access, restriction policies, having a WAF or a front door in front of your API management to ensure that only valid access is going to get through to your API management. Now let's go ahead one by one and see how can we use these different policies and the first one we have here is checking the Http header. So let's get back to my API management and let's browse to API's demo conference API and get speakers and let's go to the code editor and let's go to show snippets and let's click on check Http header. As you can see here, it's placed at the top of my policy statement because before I choose a snippet, I need to put my cursor at the right place. So let's do it one more time. Now, as you can see, we have it in the right place. Now we are going to check for a header name called Header. And if we didn't find this header in the response, we're going to return a random Http response code and then the error message here, it's going to be please send a valid header. And then the final thing, whether we ignore upper and lower case or not. The value here is the accepted value for this header. You could add one value or more than one value. So I'm going to add 102 hundred and let's go ahead and save our changes. And let's go to the test tab and let's send a request. As you can see here, API management couldn't complete the request. And the reason for this is because I selected a random response code which is 101. So if I'm going to specify 404, for example, and let's go to the test tab. And let's send a request now. This time we should be able to get 404 not found response codes. And the fix for this is pretty easy. Let's go ahead and add a header name and call it header and let's put 200 in the value and let's send the request. We should get 200 response codes. And if I specified an invalid value like 500, we should be able to get the same response code we get when we didn't specify a header in the first place. This is pretty much how we can check for http header in the http request for API management to make sure that the API requester or API consumer includes a valid header name and value in the requests before we send them through to the backend service, which is going to be considered a way to protect our APIs in API management. Now let's move to the next one. Get authorization context. You use this policy when you want to get the context of an authorization you have configured already in your API management instance where you will be get the context of the authorization provider to be able to authenticate the token being sent in the request. And as you can see here, this is an example how you can configure and use this policy in your API management. Moving on to limiting call rates by subscription. So let's get back to the API management and go to the design tab and go to get speakers operation and let's get rid of check header policy and let's add a new policy limit call rate per subscription. Now I need to specify some values. Number of calls here is going to be two over a period of 30s and here we could specify it at different granular level. If we have this policy at an API level, then we could be able to specify it like this demo conference API. And the number of calls should be ten. Then we could specify the number of calls for each operation. Maybe get speakers is going to get five calls only while other operation may be get speaker might get. Hundreds. And if this is the case. I need to change the overall number of demo conference API throttling limit to be 105. However, as I am specifying this policy at get speakers operation, I don't need all of this section. Now let's go ahead and save our changes and go to the test tab. To test this policy and let's send the request should come back with 200 response codes. Maybe because my changes hasn't been saved yet and it's still looking for the header name. Now I send the request one more time and I have got 200 response code one more time again, same as before. Third time I should get 4 to 9. Too many requests as I've already specified my throttling limit to be able to accept only two calls every 30s and if any client is going to exceed this limit, they are going to get 4 to 9. Too many requests. Now let's move to the other policy where we are going to limit the call rate by key. And the key here could be anything that we specify. So first of all, let's get rid of the rate limit policy and let's go ahead and specify a new policy where we are going to limit call rate per key and number of calls is going to be two renewal period is going to be every 30s here we get to specify our counter key and I'm going to use a policy expression if you remember from a previous video. Now I'm going to put context then dot request. Then dot IP address. Be aware of case sensitive in the syntax here because it's a must. Now let's go ahead and save our changes. I'm going to be looking at the IP address of the request and then I'm going to throttle if I get more than two requests from the same IP address. First request 200 response code. Second request. No issues at all. Third 1429. Because I've sent too many requests from the same IP address and this is how we can use limit call rates by key. And the key here could be anything you could like as it's going to be already a policy expression. You could play around with it and specify any key as you like. Now let's move to restrict caller IP address. And it's one of the interesting policies. So let's go to get speakers operation and let's get rid of rate limits by key policy and let's get in the code editor and let's add a new policy snippet. This time we are going to restrict our IP address by allowing either. From a specific range like ten .0.0. 0 to 10 .0.0.. 256 or whatever. We could specify either a range similar to what we have done in the networking section, or we could specify just a single IP address. So let's go ahead and see how can we do that? Let's get rid of that line. And in the address here, I'm going to put a random address and then let's save our changes. As you can see here, this is not a valid IP address because I've exceeded 256 So let's bring it down and go ahead and save our changes. Of course, as I said before, it's a random IP address, so it will not work. I will just showing you how you can specify either a single IP address or a range of IP addresses, as we have done in the networking section. And as you are specifying the IP policy here, you either could specify either to allow or forbid the access to your API management based on the IP addresses you are going to provide. So if I'm going to put it in a different words, restricting IP address is a whitelisting approach that you need to do in your API management to make sure that only valid sources will be able to access your API management as you already whitelisted them in this API management policy. Now let's move on to setting usage quota by subscription. And let's go back to my API management here and let's get rid of this policy and let's go ahead and add set usage quota by subscription. For some reason it's disabled here. However, this won't stop us so let's go back to the documentation and copy this code snippet here and let's put it in the inbound section. Now I need to specify the number of calls. Let's make it 100 or let's make it five. And the kilobytes here is going to be one. It's going to be renewed every 60s and I don't need to break it down per API or operation because I'm specifying this policy statement at get speakers operation. Now let's go ahead and save our changes. Again, policy is not allowed in the specified scope, which is interesting. So let's go back to the documentation here and have a look at the scope of this policy. As you can see here, I only can specify this policy at a product level. It won't be allowed to be at the operation level or API level. So let's go ahead and copy this over to put it in the product policies. So let's open a new tab. And let's go to start our product and let's go to policies. However, we have a quota already defined here. Let's go ahead and put our policy statement underneath it. Let's make it nicer by doing it that way. Let's go ahead and save our changes. However, it will not work because we have multiple policies for the same thing and it will not work. So let me open notepad to copy the default setting here and take it out. Actually cut it out So I will have only one quota statement in the product policy and let's go ahead and save our changes. It doesn't work because the minimum renewal period has to be 360/100. Now let's go ahead and save our changes and let's go to get speakers operation and let's go ahead and test it. However, I'm not sure if we will be able to hit the throttling limit of one K over 60s period. However, you get the idea how to specify the quota on your product policy. Now let's get rid of this policy and bring the default one back. And let's go ahead and see if our changes now. Let's go ahead and set usage quota by key. And this is not similar to the previous one. This one setting the quota by key has access to all scopes, so we should be able to define it in our get speakers operation. So let's go ahead and try that. Let's go to get speakers. Let's go to Policies inbound section and let's go to show snippets and let's select set usage. Quota per key number of calls is going to be to bandwidth one K renewal period 60s and counter key here is going to be context dot request dot IP address. And this is how you set the quota per IP address for your API management. And then moving to the next policy. Then our next three policies are going to be to validate different tokens that you get either from Active Directory or validating JWT token. And we have done it something similar in secure API section where we validated JWT token been received from B to C and Active Directory to allow access to an API in API management. And same thing here. Finally, to validate client certificates you need to specify thumbprint and different information about the certificate so you can validate it in an API management policy before you pass the request into the backend service. So these are the different access restriction policies that are available for you to use in API management. And I said it before and I'll say it again, don't primarily depend on access restriction policies only to secure access to your API management. You always need to consider other access restriction services like Azure Front Door with WAF configuration and application gateway to provide more security for your API management. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.