Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about advanced policies in API management and we are going to go through all of these policies here. Some of them will be easy to implement and demonstrate on the Azure portal and some of them are going to be a little bit difficult to implement. Anyways. I'm going to walk you through all of these policies, so you will be familiar with them. Now let's get started with the control flow. And this policy is pretty much like if else statement or a switch case where you are going to specify different conditions. And then the statements you want to get executed when the condition happens. Now, let's scroll down here and have a look at this example. This pretty much sets a variable called ismobile, and it detects whether the request is coming from a mobile device or not. If it comes from a mobile device, you are going to set it to true. Otherwise, you are going to set it to false. Now let me copy this section here and put it in my inbound section for my. Get speakers operation. So let's go to my APIs. Demo Conference API. Get speakers operation and let's put this section here in the inbound section. Now let's go back and copy the outbound section and let's go ahead and copy it over as well. All right. Now, let's go ahead and see if our changes it will not work because we specified the base tag twice and this tag only has to be specified once. So I'm going to take it off. And now let's go ahead and save our changes. Now let's go and test it out. Let's go to the test tab and send a request. And let's search for mobile here. As you can see, mobile value is set to false because I'm sending the request from my desktop, not from a mobile device. And let's go to Trace here to have a look at the trace data as well. Let's look for mobile as well. And as you can see, this is is mobile variable that we have set. And as you can see, it's been set to false because I'm not connecting from a mobile device. Now let's go back and clean this policy. So I'm going to go ahead and delete this section here in the inbound section and in the outbound section as well. Let's go ahead and see if our changes. Now let's talk about the emit metrics. And this policy allows you to send the custom metrics to your application insights. So let's scroll down here and see what we can do with this policy. So let's copy this one over and put it in our policy for get speakers operation. And I'm going to put it in the inbound section here. And this one, this policy could accept default dimensions. And if you are going to use any of these default dimensions, you don't need to specify a value like what we have done here. User ID, API, ID, we didn't specify value for these two because these are from the default dimensions where we don't need to specify a value. However, for client ID here we had to specify a value and we used the policy expressions, if you remember from a previous video to set the value for this dimension. So this is how you can send the custom logs to your application insights instance. Now let's go to forward requests for the requests is going to send the request to the backend service. And if I go back probably I need to get rid of this. I didn't execute it at all. Let's discard this. If I'm going to go to all APIs here and have a look at the global policy, you should be able to see forward requests. And this is pretty much just going to forward the incoming request to the backend service. And this one here sits at the global policy. By default, it doesn't need any parameter as required parameters. However, you could specify all of these attributes. Usually forward request comes together with set backend service, which is one of the transformation policies that we are going to talk about it in more details later. But as we are talking about it in the scope of forward request, let's touch on it really quickly. So we set the backend service here to set the execution to be forwarded to a specific backend service. And you could combine this with choose tag where you are going to set condition to look for a certain variable and in this case here for a version number. And when the request comes with a specific version number, then you are going to set the backend service to be something else other than the original one that you have already specified in your API management. And this will give you a lot of freedom to make the life much easier to the API consumer. So at the end of the day we are going to send the requests to only one endpoint regardless of how many versions you have, and then based on a query string parameter, then you are going to set the execution to a different backend service. As you can see here. Now let's get back to forward requests, and this is pretty much what you need to know about it and it's already included in the global policy and usually comes together with set backend policy. Now let's go to the next policy. And we have seen it already before in policy fragments include fragment policy here allows you to include a policy fragment in your policy statement for any scope in your API management. And we have talked about the main value of policy fragments which are allows you to centrally manage your policy fragments in API management, in addition to the reusability of the policy fragments across different scopes in your API management. And we have seen it already in a previous video. Now let's move to limit concurrency policy. And this is going to prevent certain policies from being executed more than once. And when this happens, then you are going to get 4 to 9 response code. Too many requests. So we are going to throttle if we have got so many concurrent execution for a specific policy and this is an example of this policy. Now let's move to the next one, log to Event Hub. And this will allow you to send a messages in a certain format to event hub for logging purposes. And the syntax of this policy is pretty easy and straightforward where you need to specify logger ID, partition ID and partition key, and then the data that you want it to be logged in Event Hub. Now moving to the mock response, and we have seen it already in a previous video where we are mocking the response of a certain API operation. Let's discard this one. So. One of the main benefits of having a mock response is the decoupling between API consumers and the backend developers. Let's say that you want to develop a new API that is going to take weeks or months from the back end developers to finish it. However, other API consumers are waiting and dependent on this API to be ready so they can continue on their work. And what you can do for them here is to create the operation as the API management and create a mock response as you have done before and return similar response that the backend service should return once it's completed. This will allow the API consumers to be able to continue their work without waiting for the backend developers to finish the API or the backend service. And we are seeing it already in a previous video and this is one of the most common and important policies you could use in your API management. Now moving on to retry policy and this policy is very, very important for one reason you want to allow your API management to retry the execution for a certain number of times or until a condition becomes false. Why do we want to do that? Imagine that we have an operation here that sends a request to a backend service that calls a database to get some data, and for some reason a deadlock happened at the database level and the error had been passed through the backend service through to the API management here. Usually as a best practice for deadlock errors specifically is you want to catch these kind of errors and retry them one more time because if there is a bigger chance when you try it in the second time or third time that the request is going to get through in the database and you are going to get actual results. So the retry policy here is going to be useful to retry the execution one more time before sending the error to the consumer. And guess what they are going to be doing? Then they will be sending the request one more time, hoping that in the second round the request is going to get through to the database and it's going to get a result back. So why don't you do it on behalf of the API consumer? If you have an option to do it in the retry policy. And as we said before, you need to specify condition and max interval. These are the most important parameters you need to specify for your retry policy. And this is going to be the break condition for your retry policy and here is an example of retry policy. Now moving on to the next one where we are going to be returning a response to the API consumer. The default is going to be 200. If we didn't specify any tags, however, let's go down here and copy this code snippet and put it in my get speakers operation. And let's put it in the inbound section. And let's go ahead and save our changes. Let's go and test it out. And let's send a request. As you can see here, I'm getting 401. Unauthorized just because I have put this policy statement to return this specific response when someone sends a request to this API. What if I'm going to get rid of all of these tags and I'm just going to leave it to return response only. And let's go ahead and test this out. What we are going to get now is 200 response code with no body because this is the default return type for return response policy. Now let's go to send one way requests. Why do we want to send a one way request? Usually this happens when you want to send a request to Slack or any notification channel. You just send and forget. You are not waiting for any response from that channel. And this is an example here for sending a one way request to Slack Channel to put some notifications about a certain error that might happen in your API management. However, this is not the only case. You should consider one way requests and in some situations you might find yourself want to use one way request without waiting for a response from the backend service. Now moving on to send requests, and this one is going to send the request to a specific URL. You are going to specify in the policy statement. And let's scroll down here and have a look at this example. So in here we are going to set this URL and send the request to it with this timeout that we have specified. Usually set URL comes together with set method where you specify the method you are going to use to hit this URL. Now moving on to setting Http proxy policy. And this policy is going to route requests to Http proxy and it doesn't work for Http https. And the only authentication supported for this one is basic and TLM, which are not the best. As you can see here. This is the policy statement where you are going to put the URL of your proxy and you need to specify username and password. Definitely. You don't need to put the password and username as a plain text in a policy statement. A better way to do it is to put it in the named values in your API management. Even better, if you could put it in key vault as a secret to make sure that this information is going to be safe. Now moving on to the next one where we are going to set the request method and we have talked about it already in set URL. So this is where you are going to set the method of the request that you want to send through set URL tag or policy. Let's move on to the next one. Set status code. This is where you specify the status code for your API operation so you can return any response code you would like here as part of a condition statement or maybe a fixed response code. Moving on to set variable and we have seen it already in the condition statement where we set the variable for Ismobile to just store a boolean value, whether the request is coming from a mobile device or not. And these are the different types that you can use in your set variable policy. Moving on to race policy. And this one is important. Race policy allows you to put custom trace information into your requests in API management and let's go ahead and do this one. Let's scroll down here and copy this example. Let's go to the design tab. Go to get speakers and let's go to the policies. And I'm going to put the code snippet here. However, I'm going to make some changes. Let's make the source here. Get speakers the name of my operation. And then the message I'm going to put is going to be the IP address. So context dot request dot IP address. And then let's go ahead and see if our changes. Let's go and test it out. And to be able to test it properly, I need to enable the trace for this request. So let's go ahead and do that. All right. Now, let's go to Trace here. And let's scroll down and search for our custom trace that we have put. As you can see here, this is our custom trace that we have put. And the step before the expression has been evaluated successfully. And the executor were able to retrieve my IP address. And this is how you can put a custom trace information into the trace of your API requests. And this can be very powerful. Finally here, let's go to weight policy. As the name says, it waits for the execution for all child elements before moving on the execution to the next step. So when you put wait for all, it waits for all of these conditions to happen separately, not separately in parallel, and then combining the results and then moving on to the next step. So that's all you need to know about advanced policies. It's so powerful. It gives you a lot of flexibility to do so many things in your API management. And I hope this video gave you a little bit of information about different advanced policies and how you can use them in your API management. But before that, let's go ahead and clean the trace. Tag from get speakers operation. Thanks for watching. We'll see you in the next video.