Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about authentication policies in API management and there are three authentication policies. First of all, basic authentication. It's not a good authentication to implement it in your API management, but just will give you an idea how to implement it. You need just to specify username and password for the basic authentication. And as I said before, if you are going to use basic authentication for any reason, you shouldn't put plain text for the password field in the policy statement. A better way to do it is to store it in your named values for your API management here, or even better, to store these secrets in Azure Key Vault and refer them in your policy statement to make sure that they are safe and secure. And the second way to authenticate is with client certificates. And it's easy and straightforward. You just need to specify the certificate thumbprint in the policy statement and whether a password is been required or not. And the last one here that we are going to implement in this video to show you how to authenticate using managed identity. So let's go back to the portal here. If you remember, we have already enabled the managed identities on our API management on a previous video. So now let's go ahead and create an Azure function app to see how can we implement a managed identity authentication between API management and function app. Let's go ahead and create a new one. Let's put it in Sydney Resource Group, let's call it API. M Managed identity authentication. And let's choose dot Net Framework version six and let's go to networking, make it publicly accessible, and let's go all the way down and create our function app. All right, my function app is created, so let's go ahead and create a new Http function. Let's go ahead and create a new function based on Http trigger. And let's go ahead and create it. Now let's get back to the function app. And as I'm here, let's go ahead and enable managed identity on the function app as well. So let's go ahead and enable system, assign the managed identity. Let's go ahead and do that. Now let's go back to API management and scroll up to APIs. And let's go ahead and add function app. And let's select our function app that we have just created. And let's select Http trigger. And let's go ahead and add the function app into my API management. All right, The function app has been imported, so let's go ahead and test it out. Now let's go to the get operation and send a request. As you can see here, it's been succeeded. However, we didn't apply managed identity authentication, even though we enabled the system, assigned the managed identity on both sides on the function app and on the API management sides. This is not enough to function the managed identity authentication between API management and function app. And to do it properly, you need to go to authentication. And then let's go ahead and add an identity provider. Let's select Microsoft and let's leave everything to the default values. And let's go ahead and add the identity provider. All right, now let's go back to our API management and send one more request. As you can see here, it didn't take place. I've got 401. Unauthorized because I have enabled the managed identities on both areas on the function app and on API management. However, I didn't specify managed identity policy in API management, so to allow our API management to be able to access the function app we have created. So let's go ahead and copy this policy statement and go back to my Http trigger one operation and let's put our policy statement. We don't need all of that. I just need to specify the resource and let's get rid of the rest and the resource. Here. I need to specify the client ID that I've created in the identity provider. So let's get back to the policy here and let's put the client ID and let's go ahead and save our changes. Let's go to the test tab and test it out. 200 response codes. And if I click on Trace this time to see exactly what's going to happen in the trace section, let's search for managed identity and see what are we going to get. As you can see here, backend API management identity authentication set to current and obtaining a managed identity token using the client ID has been succeeded. This is how you can enable managed identity authentication for your APIs in API management. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. Let's go to my function app, but before I delete it, let's remove it from my API management first. And let's go to my function app and let's go ahead and delete it and let's put the name of my function app and let's delete it. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.