Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about transformation policies in API management. And the first two policies are very similar where you are converting from Jason to XML or from XML to Json. Now let's move to the next one. Where you are going to replace a string in the request or response body and change it to be something else. And the policy statement is as simple as that. Now moving on to the next one, and we have talked about it before in a previous video, and I believe this one is very important from security perspective. Actually, let's go ahead and implement it. Let's go to my API management and go to APIs, demo Conference API, get speakers operation, and let's go ahead and send a request. As you may notice here in the response. The response leaks the back end service URL to the API consumer and this is considered to be a key information leakage from a security perspective. Why do the API consumers need to know about the URL of our back end service? One of the goals of having API management is to isolate API consumers from our back end services so they know nothing about it. And by having something like this, we have leaked and exposed key information about our system to the API consumers. And of course, you know how to fix it up. Let's go to get speakers operation and let's go to the outbound section here and let's go to show snippet. Scroll down to transformation policies and select mask URLs in content. And let's go ahead and save it and let's go to the test tab. And let's test it out. As you can see here now, the URLs in the response has been masked and changed to be the API management URL instead of the explicit URL of my backend service. This is to protect my backend services at all times and not to leak their information to the API consumers. Now let's get back and move on to the next one where you are going to set back end service. And we have talked about it before in forward request policy. If I remember, this policy allows you to set the back end service of your request. Maybe you want to do this based on a specific value being passed through the parameter string or maybe header value being passed through in the request. You want to be able to change the back end service. You are going to forward the request to it based on a certain value comes in a query string param or header value. Moving on to set body policy and this allows you to set body for your request or response in your API management. Now moving on to set http header. And this allows you to create a new header or override header value for an incoming request. And this can be very useful for one perspective. Imagine that we have our API here, get speakers, sends the requests to the backend service, but the backend service accepts requests from other places as well other than our API management. And from logging and monitoring perspective, we want to be able to distinguish between requests that are coming from this API management and the requests that are coming from somewhere else and having the ability of sitting a header name and value as the request is coming through our API management and we set a specific header name in the inbound processing section and set a value for it before we pass it on to the backend service. Then from the backend service perspective, we will be able to distinguish between requests that are coming from API management versus requests coming from somewhere else. And same as before. You can set query string parameter to add or override a specific value in the request. Now coming to rewrite you. This is where you can change the request URL that's been passed from the API consumer and it change it to be something different that is going to be accepted from the backend service. As you see here. So we are doing a transformation for the URL and rewrite it in a different format. Finally here we have one of the transformation policies that converts XML to XSLT. That's all you need to know about transformation policies in API management. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.