Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about analytics in API management. So let's go to my API management and scroll down to monitoring section and then let's go to analytics. And let's expand the time range a little bit to be 30 days so we can have more data to talk about. The first graph we have here shows the number of requests. And as you can see here, total number of requests, successful ones, failed ones and unauthorized requests and other requests. I want you to pay extra attention here to the number of unauthorized requests. Coming to your API management because it might be a good indicator for you to tell whether your API management is under attack or not. Of course not. Every time we are going to have unauthorized requests is going to mean that we are under attack. But if we started to get thousands of unauthorized requests in our API management in a small time range, then this might be an indicator that something is wrong and we might be under attack. Then if we look at the number of failed requests here, as you can see, it's now 30, which is kind of number of genuine requests, but failed for some reasons, maybe because of a backend error, maybe because of a missing parameter or invalid data being passed through to our API management. And our job here will be try to reduce the number of failed requests as much as we can. Definitely we want to be able to make it zero and that's fine, but let's try to reduce it as much as we can. Moving on to the data transfer graph here, which shows the amount of data that's been passed through your API management either on the way in or out. So you will be able to tell the overall data being transferred through your API management. Now coming to the next graph here, which shows the response time. And this one is very, very important. It has two metrics the total response time and service response time. What is the difference? So let me go back to APIs so you can understand it better. Let's go to demo conference API, get speakers operation. Now let's say that we have an API consumer here that sends request to our API management. The request is going to go through the inbound processing section. Then going into the backend service, then moving into the outbound section. Then the API management is going to send the response back to the API consumer. So. Since the API management received the request from the customer until the API management sent the response back to the consumer. All of this time will be covered on the total response time since the API management received the request until the API management sent the request to the consumer. Now, what about the other number? Service response time. This number is the amount of time that the backend service took to get the response to API management. So looking at these two numbers here, if we have a really high service response time, it's going to be a good indicator that we need to do some improvements in our backend service to make it respond faster to our requests coming from the API management. Or it might be a good indicator that we might need to consider put more caching into our API management or maybe in Redis to avoid all requests to go back to the backend service to be processed and we'll be able to handle most of the requests through internal or external cache. Now, on the other hand, if service response time is good, but the total response time is so high, then this might be an indicator that we have invested so much logic in inbound processing and outbound processing, which delays the total response time of requests going through our API management. And if this is the case, you just need to double check your inbound outbound policies to make sure that you didn't overload your policies a lot in a way that it's going to delay the response of your API management. Now moving on to the last graph here, which shows the cache hits and cache misses. Ideally, you want to increase the number of cache hits as much as you can. Definitely. We want to be able to put all of our data in cache. Otherwise the database wouldn't have any value. However, we need to cache most of static data. That doesn't change a lot and maybe some dynamic data based on your scenario and situation. And this graph will help you to determine whether you could improve the service response time or maybe the total response time of your API management, if you will be able to fulfill some API requests through the internal or external cache that you have configured for your API management. Now let's move to geography. And it's a very interesting section. In here, you'll be able to see a world map for different countries that sent API requests to your API management. And if we look here, we will be able to see what are those countries number of successful requests and unauthorized requests. So let's assume that you are an Australian business and all of your clients and customers are in Australia. So you suppose that 100% of the traffic to be coming from Australia only. However, you should keep some margin for overseas because some of your clients may be going for vacation holiday or maybe they have relocated. All of this will be fine as long as it's a successful request. But when it comes to unauthorized requests, you need to pay more attention. Again, we might be under attack, especially in a country that we don't have a presence. So let's say that you started to have an increase the number of successful requests from different countries in the world. Then they might be fine because some of your customers might have relocated or maybe the sharing your API management credential keys with other people so they can use it to connect to it from different countries in the world. However, in case of unauthorized requests, this might be an indication that you might be under attack, especially if you are getting thousands of unauthorized requests and you will be able to tell the source of the attack and where it is coming from. And also when we look at the other metrics, average response time, average service response time, you will be able to tell whether you need to deploy multiple API management instances in different parts of the world to improve the customer experience and to make sure that they get responses faster. If we look at our numbers here, you will be able to see that the United States has kind of the lowest, not actually Finland has the lowest response time compared to Australia, have the highest response time. And the reason for this because yes, I deployed my API management in Australia, but some of the function apps are hosted already in America, so it has a really long route trip to get from API management to go through the backend service and then send the response back to API management in Australia. However, when we have a global deployment for our API management, you could see here that the average response time for us was much less because at that point we had another API management instance in America, closer to the backend services, closer to the requests. So all of the parties were in the same region, which ended up having much better response time. So long story short, you can use this response time and service response time per country to determine whether you need extra API management instances in other parts of the world or you should be happy with only one instance. Ideally, you don't want to have an API management instance for every country sending requests to your API management, but you want to balance it somehow. Now moving on to the next step. This is where you can see the API requests coming to the API management. Number of successful requests and unauthorized requests. And again, I'm going to map this one with the very first graph we have seen here. When we say when you see unauthorized requests, this number here. Second step, you need to go to APIs to have a look to see which APIs are getting. Unauthorized requests. Even better, if you drill into the operations to be able to tell exactly which operation the attack is aiming. So you will be able to put extra defenses and protection on this operation that might be getting a lot of unauthorized requests. Now moving on to the products here, you should be able to see same information across products. And again, if you started to get a larger number of unauthorized requests or failed requests, you need to react. Now, looking at the subscriptions and this one is key and probably one of the things or one of the actions that you could do when you start to see large number of unauthorized requests coming from a specific subscription ID, then in this case, maybe this subscription ID is trying to access other APIs you hosted in your API management. However, they don't have genuine access to this API or they are not supposed to access these APIs. That's why they are getting a lot of unauthorized requests. Or maybe it's a genuine customer that tries to break and attack your API management. That's why there is a large number of unauthorized requests attached to their subscription. And if this is the case, what you could do is to go to the subscriptions and suspend that subscription until you do further investigation to see if this is a real attack or it's just a customer tries to use other APIs that they don't have access to. Now we have a view here for the users of our developer portal and what are the different requests that they send and all of these information. Finally here we have requests and in here you will be able to see different requests came to your API management over the last 30 days. That's all you need to know about analytics. And as you can see, it's loaded with a lot of useful information. You just need to keep your eyes sharp to know what exactly to look at, to know the health of your API management and whether you are under attack or not, or whether there is a threat or not. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.