Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about application insights in API management logging. Now let's go to API management instance and let's go to Application Insights. And then here you should be able to see the application insights instance that we have attached to our API management. Let's expand the time range a little bit so we can have more data to talk about. As you can see here in the dashboard, you'll be able to see number of failed requests, server response time server requests and the availability of the API management. Let's go to application map. And let's expand the time range a little bit to be 30 days. As you can see here, it shows the number of requests being sent to the API management instance. And in here we will be able to get more details about top failing requests. And as you can see here, we have three in the top failing requests. And then you could investigate further to see why these requests are failing in your API management. And after you investigate the field request, you come down to see the slowest requests as well. And then you investigate it further and see whether you can do any performance improvement on these operations. Or maybe you could consider some caching for these operations to make their performance much better. And now going to the smart detection. I don't think it's going to call out anything. But let's have a look at the 30 days range. As you can see, there is nothing called out on the smart detection. Let's go to live metrics. And one of the interesting things I really like, it gives you a dashboard about different things that are going on in your API management for incoming requests, outgoing requests, the overall health and availability of the API management instance. And as you can see here, because we don't have any data going through the API management instance now we don't have any incoming requests or outgoing requests. It's going to be very helpful for the support engineers to have a look at one dashboard. So they will be able to tell whether there is something wrong with the API management instance or not. Moving on to the availability and in here you could tell the overall availability of your API management instance and of course you can go ahead and create an availability test. Usually when we create an availability test and we have already put it in by default here, you want to select five random places outside of your primary region to give a good indication of the availability of the service you are after. So in terms of our API management that's hosted in Australia, we don't want to make our test locations coming from Australia only because there is maybe a global failure between Australia region and other regions and that's why it's going to be recommended to choose five random regions outside of your primary region where you usually host your primary instance. We drifted a little bit into the availability testing in the application insights, but I believe this is important. Now moving to the failures. Here, you will be able to see. Let's expand the time range a little bit more. Here you will be able to see different failed operations in your API management terms of top three response codes and exception types and failed dependencies. And of course, for each of these you will be able to dive deep and the root cause of this information and investigate further to know more details about these errors and exceptions and you will be able to solve them. Coming back to the failures here, you will be able to see the dependencies that's being called out on the failure. And as you can see here, the top response code, we had 4 to 9. And in this section here, you get the exceptions that's been raised in the API management, whether from the back end service itself or from the API management itself. And then you will be able to dive deep into each of these exceptions and try to solve them. Coming to the performance here. It shows the performance of your API management and different requests going through the API management instance. And as you can see here, when you look at the average duration and when you find it too high, it might be a good indication for you to consider some caching or even better to improve the back end performance altogether. This is a very quick overview of application insights. Of course we cannot cover everything in application insights in this video, but I just wanted to walk you through it to understand. How you can use your application insights to help you get more information about your API management. Logging and monitoring. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.