Hi, everyone. In this video we are going to talk about API management metrics and let's go to our API management instance and let's scroll down to metrics. And we have talked about one of the API management metrics before. If you remember, and it was the capacity metric. Let's expand the time range a little bit to cover the last 30 days. If you remember, we said that the capacity metric will help you to determine the overall utilization of your API management instance. And you should aim for 60 or maybe 70% is better. If the capacity metric for your API management instance. Is over 60 or 70% over a longer period of time, maybe 30 minutes or so. Then this is going to be a good indication for you to start to do something. Maybe you want to add more instances to the API management that you currently have, or you may want to upgrade your API management to a higher tier. All of this to bring the capacity metric below 70% because when it goes beyond 70%, we know that it handles so much traffic and we need to do something about this. Same is true on the other side. If the capacity metric is under 30% over a longer period of time, then this means that our API management is underutilized. We have provisioned a powerful API management instance compared to the workload we have, and in this case you might need to consider either to scale down the number of instances you have for your API management, or you may want to downgrade your API management to a lower tier to just make sure that the capacity metric is going to be over 30%. However, if you are running on a developer tier like myself and you have found that the capacity metric is even under 10%, then there is nothing more you can do. Developer tier is already the lowest tier and we account downgrade it further than that. Having said that, don't be scared of these high spikes of the capacity metric every now and then. Like you don't need to react immediately. If you see the capacity metric just spiked up over 60 or 70% and then goes down straight away, this is completely normal in API management. This is why I mentioned you want to consider the capacity metric over a longer period of time. Maybe 30 minutes might be ideal to give you a good indication on what's going on in your API management and then you will be able to take the right decision. Now, moving on to the other key metrics, here are the other event hub events. Let's leave it aside. Now coming to the gateway requests we have. The overall duration of the gateway requests. This is going to map to the total response time that we have talked about before. The overall time that the API management needs to get a response back for a specific request. And if we want to be specific and get the duration of the back end requests only then we should be able to do it by selecting this metric. And by going to request this here, we should be able to see the total number of requests coming through our API management and we could go ahead and add filter to filter these requests based on response code category maybe for hundreds. And then we will be able to know the total number of requests that have been responded with 400 response codes. And if I get back to the Matrix here and the other Matrix are going to be deprecated, as you can see. And then you have your metrics for websockets and network status. This was a quick run through on API metrics that you could leverage. Again, the most important one is the capacity metric, because this one will help you to make a decision about scaling out or upgrading to a higher instance or scaling in or downgrading to a lower grade instance and duration of gateway requests. Back end requests will help you to determine the performance improvements you could do for your back end services and your API management. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.