Hi, everyone. We can't talk about metrics without talking about alerts. So in this video, we are going to go quickly through alerts and how we create and configure them for API management metrics. So let's go to alerts and let's go ahead and create an alert rule. And let's select the signal here. And my signal is going to be based on capacity. And I'm going to select a static threshold. Based on the average capacity metric. If it goes beyond 70%, then. Over a period of six hours, and we are going to be looking at the aggregated data. And maybe we can do a split by location dimension as well. In case if we have multiple instances for our API management, we will be evaluate every. Five minutes and the look back period. It's going to be 30 minutes now if this condition happens. Let's go to action and then we will need to create an action group. Let's create it in Australia East. There is no Australia East region for the Action group, so I'm going to stick with the global region. So I'm going to call it Action Group API. M And the display name is going to be the same. However, I need to get rid of hyphens and maybe get rid of some characters. EPM. Dash Action Group. Now let's go to the notification here. You can select the notification type to be either email message or push notification or Azure Resource Manager role. I'm going to select an email address and then I'm going to put a random email address in here. As you can see, I need to click on the edit button. Let's do it. So now let me provide the email address in this section here and let's go ahead with that. Now let's go to the actions. Let's select the action type. Whatever action type, I would like maybe an Azure function that is going to do some action when the capacity metric is over 70% over a long period of time. And in here I get select and choose my Functions app. And then we go all the way down and create our alert to notify us. About the abnormal events that might happen in our API management. If you remember, this is not the ideal place to configure Autoscaling for your API management and we have already talked about it. How you configure Autoscaling for your API management in a previous video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.