So we have deployed our first API through the API Gateway in a deployment stage. So what we've seen is that whenever we made changes to the API Gateway, they were not effective until we did a deployment. So we need to make a deployment for them to be in effect. And it's a common source of confusion. Some people will go and change how the API works, but forget to do a deployment and therefore the API will not be live. So these changes are deployed to stages and you can have as many stages as you want and you can use the naming you want. For example, you can use a dev, test, and prod stage or a v1, v2, v3 whatever you want to do. And each stage will get its own configuration parameters and they can be rolled back seamlessly because a whole history of all the deployments that have happened onto a stage is kept. So let's take the example of we have two stages and we're creating a breaking API change. So our Lambda function backing our API Gateway is going to change. So we have the v1 stage and it invokes the v1 function and we've deployed it and so our v1 clients are going to be able to access our API through this URL. But we are programming a new version of our Lambda function called v2. And this v2 does not respect the same format of data and so on and so we know that if we deploy the changes on the v1 stage, it will break our v1 clients. So what we do is then instead we decide to create a new stage, call it the v2 stage, pointing to the v2 function. And this will create a new URL. So now the api.example.com/v2, which represents the v2 stage. And the cool thing is that our clients can now be updated to version two and access this new URL, and we can maintain compatibility. So for a while, the v1 and the v2 can coexist together as two different stages. We can migrate the clients from the version one to the version two and then when no more clients are using the version one, then we can shut it down and move on with our API Gateway. So this is a very common use cases for stages. Now, how do we expand this? We can use stage variables. So stage variables are just like environment variables, but for the API Gateway stages. And you use them to change configuration values without redeploying your API. So they can be used, for example, in the Lambda function ARN, for the HTTP endpoint, for your parameter mapping templates. And so you can change pretty much anything through stage variables. The use cases is to automatically configure the HTTP endpoint your stages talk to. Would it be dev, test, and prod, or to pass configuration parameters to Lambda function through mapping templates or to point to the right Lambda function, as we'll see in a second. And so these stage variables will be passed to the contact object in your Lambda function so we can log it and get access to the value of the stage variables directly from our Lambda functions. Now, the format to access the value of a stage variable within API Gateway is $stageVariables with an S .variableName. So here is a very, very common use cases for your stage variables. So we are going to create a stage variable that will indicate the corresponding Lambda alias that our API Gateway should invoke. And so automatically the API Gateway will invoke the right Lambda function. So here is an example. We have the dev stage pointing to the dev alias and the dev alias is itself pointing 100% of the traffic to the latest Lambda version. We have a test stage pointing to the test alias of Lambda function pointing to the v2 version of our Lambda function. And finally, the prod alias is linked to the prod stage and pointing as well, but this time, 95% on the v1 and 5% on the v2. So in this case we can do a Lambda alias change in the backend by updating the percentage on different versions, but we don't need to update the API Gateway. Each stage points to the right alias and each alias will be redirecting to the right Lambda function. So this is a very common pattern for the API Gateway and one we'll be re-practicing in the next lecture. So see you in the next lecture.