So, let's demo the Canary. For this, I'm going to create a new resource and I will call it canary-demo and create this resource. Under it, I'm going to create a method of type GET of Lambda function with the proxy integration type, and I'm going to choose the Lambda function, which is the stage-variables-get function. Because we have a third in this function, we have a third, two versions, version one and version two. Version one is saying hello from v1 and version two is saying hello from v2. So, we're now going to use stage variables in this one, we're just going to use the version one and version two of this function. So to point this to version one, you need to add a colon and then one to say that yes, we're going to invoke version one of this Lambda function. So, let's create this method. And as you can see now, canary-demo, if I try to test it and just test a method, I get back "Hello from Lambda v1." So, this is perfect. And now, I'm going to deploy this API into a stage. It's going to be a new stage and I'll call this one canary, just to do the canary demo. Okay, so we are in canary now and if I try to access this invoke URL, /canary/ again canary, for a canary demo for the route that we just set up, we get a "Hello from Lambda v1." So, so far so good. But now what we're going to do is that we're going to set up a canary. So to do so, what I have to do is that I need to go into Canary here and I need to create a canary. And we're seeing, hey, that the distribution request for the canary is going to be 50% for the canary and 50% for the current stage. So effectively, when you have a canary, you'll choose a much smaller percentage, for example, 10%. But because I want to show you how it works, I'm going to do 50/50. So once we have created a canary, then we are ready to deploy a new update to our stage. So for this, I go back to my resources, I go to my method, canary-demo, GET, and I will change the integration request. I will edit it, and this time, instead of having version one, I will invoke version two. So I'm going to save this. And now, if we just do a quick test in here, as we can see, we get a "Hello from Lambda v2." So now let's deploy this API and I will choose Canary and deploy it. So now this has been deployed to Canary, and if I go to the Canary stage and go to Canary, now even though it's not showing that we've deployed something into Canary, it was before in the previous UI, now it doesn't. Maybe it will after a UI update again. But if I go to my URL in here, my canary-demo, and refresh this page, as you can see, it does "Hello from Lambda v1" and then it switches to "Hello from Lambda v2." So that means that my Canary is switching between v1 and v2. So this is how we can test if your new API is working as expected. And then when you're done, you can just promote the canary to say, "Hey, you should update the stage with the canary deployment" and so on. So let's do this. And now if I refresh this, I only see "Hello from Lambda" and it should just take a little bit of time. But now it's working and you only get "Hello from Lambda v2." So effectively, the canary has been promoted. And so that's it. That's how you use Canary in API Gateway. So you first modify the resource, you create a canary in your stage, then you set it up here, you deploy to this canary, and then when you're ready, you promote the canary to the final destination with 100% of the request going to the new version now. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.