So now let's talk about the different ways we can integrate our API Gateway with our backend. And the first type is Integration Type MOCK which is just to return a response without even sending a request to the backend. So this is useful when you are programming your API Gateway and configuring it and you don't want to have any work on the backend just yet. So as you can expect, this is not something for production. This is something for just development and testing. Then we have the HTTP, or AWS Lambda and other services in which the API Gateway will forward our request, but we can modify it. So we must both configure what's called an integration request and an integration response. And when you set that up, we can set up data mappings using mapping templates for the request and the response. Well, that means that we will be able to change the request made to the backend and to change the response back from the backend before sending it to our clients. So this is really helpful. For example, if we create a REST API and our API Gateway and we add mapping templates and then we're going to map this REST API call to an API call on the SQS Queue by changing, renaming, reordering, all these kind of things such as the SQS Queue can understand the API call made by the API Gateway. So here, the API Gateway has the power to change the request and the response. Okay, this is not the things we've seen. We've seen so far the one integration called AWS Proxy, which means Lambda Proxy, in which the request from the client is going to be the input to the Lambda. And we haven't modified any request or response because we cannot, it's a proxy. And so the function is solely responsible for the logic of the request and the response. That means that we cannot use any mapping templates, we cannot change the headers, the query string parameters. All these things will be passed as arguments to our function directly. And this is what we've seen. So when we logged in the Lambda, our request coming from the API Gateway, so we logged the event, we could see adjacent document that looked just like this. So we have the information about the resource, the path, the HTTP method, the headers, the query string parameters and so on, as well as stage variables, the body and all these other things. So this is very helpful. And then our Lambda function is responsible to take this request, understand what to do with it and then the Lambda function can return a response. And we've framed a response like this as well. So we specify the status code, we specify the headers, as well as the body. So here in this Proxy Integration, all the work is on the backend and the API Gateway is just here to proxy requests through. So there's a last integration type called HTTP Proxy. In which case, again because this is a proxy, we don't have any mapping templates and the request itself is passed directly, so proxy to the backend. And then when the backend replies, then the response is again proxied by the API to going back into the clients. And if you wanted to, you can add HTTP headers if you need be. So for example, you can add an API key between your API Gateway and your backhand, but your users don't see it. So let's take an example, a client makes an HTTP request into your API Gateway. You're going to proxy that request to your backend, for example an Application Load Balancer. But again, as I said, you can add optional HTTP headers, such as an API key, that really guarantees that your API call is going to work. So the client does not need to know about the secret API key, but yet your backend will see it coming from the API Gateway. So mapping templates to modify the request and the response, they are only applicable if we integrate within AWS or HTTP, but without using the proxy methods. So they can be used to modify request and response. And then with it, we are able to rename or modify query string parameters, to modify the body content, to add or modify headers. And to do this, it uses something called the VTL. So the Velocity Template Language which allows us to get for loops, if's, etc. It's a scripting language used to modify some requests. And finally, when we receive response it is possible for us to remove some results out of the response by again using the mapping templates. Finally, to set the mapping templates, you must set the Content-Type to be application/json or application/xml. So a concrete application of a mapping template that can come up in the exam is how to integrate a client with a SOAP API through an API Gateway. So what is a SOAP API? SOAP APIs are XML based and we know REST APIs they are JSON based. And so we need to have something in between to convert the JSON into XML and back. And so the idea is that you would create your API Gateway with a mapping template and the client would interact with JSON in your API Gateway. But your API Gateway, thanks to the mapping template, can transform this payload into an XML payload, into the SOAP API and back. And so in this case, the API Gateway should extract the data from the request, either the path, the payload, or the header, then build the SOAP message necessary for the backend to understand, so this is where we use the mapping template, then call the SOAP service and receive the XML response and finally transform the XML response back into a desired format to respond to your users. Here is another example where we use the mapping template to use query string parameters. So our client is integrated with API Gateway which is using Lambda directly, not as a proxy. And so we want to be able to map the query string parameters, so if we send a request like this with a question mark, name equals foo and other equal bar, we want to be able to rename these query string parameters before passing into the Lambda so we can create a mapping template and then the JSON that gets passed into the Lambda function could be my variable foo and other variable bar. And so in this example what I've done is that I've renamed variables so you can map them to anything you want. And this is again yet another use cases for your mapping templates. So that's it for the theory. Now let's go into the practice to see how they work.