Now here is a pretty heavy lecture around API gateway security, but one you should master, so I've tried to include as many diagrams as possible. So the first one is to use IAM permissions to access your API gateway. That makes sense, this is what we've been doing so far, we use an IAM policy and we attach it to user enroll and we're able to invoke our API gateway. So in this case the authentication is done through IAM and the authorization is done through an IAM policy. So this is the optimal way to protect your API gateway if it's being accessed within your AWS accounts, so that includes if you're using EC2 instances, Lambda functions, or IAM users, et cetera et cetera. In order to pass your IAM credentials to the API gateway, there is a leverage of the signature before capability where the eight credentials are going to be signed and then placed into headers. So let's take an example, the API gateway is deployed into a stage and secured with IAM permissions, and there's a backend of Lambda functions. So first our clients is going to do a rest API call and we'll pass the Sig v4 headers, then API gateway knows how to decrypt those, so it will check with IAM if the user is authorized and so there will be an IAM policy check, and so as soon as this is done the API gateway will, if it's authorized, talk to the Lambda function in the backend and returned a result to the clients. So there's is a first permission mode and it is very simple. Now this can be combined with resource policies. So, resource policies sound a lot like Lambda resource policies because they are for the exact same purpose, they allow you to set adjacent policy on your API gateway to define who and what can access your API gateway. So the main use case of resource policies is to use cross account access, so we would define adjacent policy just like this and combined it with IAM security, we are able to give access of users or roles in other accounts directly into our API gateway. So this is for cross account access, but you could also use resource policy to filter for specific IP addresses, or to allow only for a VPC Endpoint. So there is the first category of security. The second category is around Cognito user pool, so we'll see Cognito in its own section, but Cognito at a high level It's a database of users. So Cognito will manage fully the user lifecycle and the token of connection to Cognito will expire automatically, and so the API Gateway will verify the identity of the people connecting to API with Cognito. There's no custom implementation required, so in this case the users have to authenticate with the Cognito User Pools, and then the authorization is set at the API gateway methods level. So, if we have a look here our API gateway is talking to Lambda function in our backend, and then, our client first authenticates with the Cognito User Pool to retrieve a connection token. So the users are already restarting user pool, then our client is authenticated they received a token and it will pass the token in the API call to our API gateway. Now what will happen is that the API gateway has a direct integration with Cognito User Pools, and it will evaluate the Cognito token with the Cognito User Pool and if the token is correct, it's going to allow access to your backend. So this is a very easy kind of security one will be exploring. And then the last one is Lambda Authorizer, formerly called Custom Authorizer, and this one is the most flexible but requires the most involvement on your end. So it is a Token-based authorizer with a bearer token, and this looks like a JWT so JSON Web token or Oauth. And so the idea is that, we can pass a request based parameters with headers or query strings into a Lambda authorizer, and the Lambda function will have to evaluate what we passed to it, and if it's happy, return an IAM policy for the clients that made the request and the policy will be cached. So I will be explaining this in diagram it will be much clearer. So the authentication in this time is external so it's up to you to authenticate users any where you want, and the authorization has to be done in your Lambda function. So, here's a diagram it should make a lot more sense. So the API gateway has a backend to get on the function, and our clients first authenticates with a third party authentication system. For example, it could be off zero. So we retrieve a token from our third party authentication system, and then we pass this token to the API gateway, either through a header or through request biometrics. Then the API gateway is integrated with the Lambda Authorizer, so this is a Lambda function they will retrieve some information around the context as well as this token that we authenticated from. Then the Lambda function is something we have to program so it's up to us to verify that token, maybe talk to the third party authentication system to verify the validity of the token, and if it is valid, then the Lambda function will return and have to create an IAM principal and IAM policy, and this is done once then it will get cached into a Policy Cache and then the API gateway will talk to our Lambda backend. So, the Lambda Authorizer is lot more involved as you can see, and it is used the mainly when you're using a third party authentication system. So, what do we need to remember going into the examiner? Well, just a high level thankfully, So with IAM security this is great when you have users and roles already created in your accounts, and if you look at doing cross account access, then you need to use resource policy on top of things. It's great for handling authentication and authorization the way we already know, and this leverages Signature v4 as a technology. The Custom Authorizer is great when you're a third party databases of users and it's very flexible because, we choose what IAM policy will return and we need to enable and handle ourselves the authentication, and the authorization in the Lambda function. And even though the results are cached we still pay for the Lambda invocation and that can take awhile. And finally, the Cognito User Pool in which we manage our own user pool We'll see this how we can do it in the Cognito section. We don't need to write any custom code so this is preferred and we must implement authorization ourselves, in the backend Lambda function. So let's say for security now let's go into the console to see these options very quickly. So let's see the security options, so the first one is that if we click on any method in our resources and click on method request, here we can set the authorization and the only option we have accessible right now is either is IAM , so this is check the IAM user policy and roles and this is helpful when we have everything within our accounts, and this is Sig v4. So this can be used in combination and I'm not going to do it, but this can be used in combination with the Resource Policy so they can be defined on the left hand side, and here we have free templates. The first one is the cross accounts resource policy, so here we can replace by the name of another account IG and we will have a resource policy that would allow cross account access, or we could have an IP range blacklists so to disable some IPs to access or not our API gateway. And finally Source VPC Whitelist if you want to authorize another VPC into our API gateway. So this resource policy for example, this cross account access plus the ERIS IAM type of security allows us to fully control who accesses our API gateway, with IAM. Now we can set up other authorizers, so on the left hand side we can create a new authorizer, and currently there are two new, so it could be a Lambda type of authorizer which is the custom one, and we need to set up a lot of settings and as you can see for Lambda the most important that we should set up a Lambda function, that will be our authorizer as well as how if we want to cache the authorization which is definitely recommended. Or, we can use a Cognito User Pool in which case it's much simpler to setup, We should just send identify the ARN of our Cognito User Pool, then click on create and we're good to go. Now security is a lot advanced, I just wanted to show you the options in the console, in case you want to have it play with it. But that's just for me. I will see you in the next lecture.