So now that we've been using a lot of AI, I wanna take a little step back and go back into what is AI overall and go a little deeper than what we've learned so far. So what is AI? Well, AI is a broad field for the development of intelligent systems capable of performing tasks that typically require human intelligence, for example, perception, reasoning, learning, problem solving, decision making, and AI overall is an umbrella term for all the various techniques within the field of AI. So you've seen this diagram already. So we have AI, artificial intelligence, and then within it, we'll have machine learning, within it, we'll have deep learning, and within it, we'll have GenAI. So what are some of the use cases of artificial intelligence? We have seen a few, but it's always good to get reminded. So we have computer vision, for example, for self-driving cars. We have facial recognition. We have fraud detection or intelligence document processing, IDP. We've seen those, so I'm not going to spend too much time already. Now, how does AI work? Well, we have a data layer where we're going to collect a vast amount of data. That could be your data scientist or your data engineer. Then we're going to define a machine learning framework or algorithm layer. This is where your data scientist and your engineers, they're going to work together to understand the use cases, the requirements, and the frameworks that can help solve your problems. Then you have the model layer. So this is where we implement a model, and we train it. So we have the structure. We set the correct parameters and function. We set an optimizer function, something very detailed, but to create the actual model. And finally, we want to be able to serve that model. So we create what's called an application layer. And so this is where we expose, in a specific way, your model to your users. So next, what is machine learning or ML? Well, ML is a type of AI used to build methods that will allow machines to learn from data. And so data is going to be leveraged because when we have a lot of data, we're going to improve the computer performance on a specific set of tasks. And so therefore, we can make prediction based on the data used to train the model. So here is a very simple example. We'll see them in much greater detail in this section. So here's a regression, so we have two axises, and we have a lot of data points on these two axises, and we want to sort of predict where the data points are going to be. So in the regression, we would have this line right here and say, "Look, it looks like this data set is following this trend of this line," so this is one way of doing it. And then thanks to this line, we can start making predictions. Again, I will go over regression in much greater detail later in this section. The other one could be classification and say, "Here are all my data points." Some of them are blue, some of them are orange, and it looks like, if I draw this specific line, then left of my line is going to be mostly orange points, and the right of my line is going to be mostly blue points, and therefore, I have created a rule to classify my data. So with machine learning, we don't explicitly program these rules. We just give data to the algorithm, and the algorithm is going to create its own model to classify or to understand how the data is being structured and laid out and find patterns. So I want to remind you that AI is not equal to machine learning, although now, most likely, all of the new AI is machine learning. But back in the days in 1970s, there were systems developed, for example, the MYCIN system that was developed to diagnose patients based on the reported symptoms they had and medical test results. And someone, I mean, a group of people, of course, created over 500 rules. And here are some example of these rules. And the rules say, if the identity of the organism is bacteria, then you recommend all these things and so on. And so these rules are very, very specific. They're yes, no, or textual questions. And then by answering a lot of questions and based on this rule system, then we're going to get automatically a list of potential bacteria that provided a disease, and then you're gonna get a probability of diagnosis and so on. But all these things were based on explicit rules programmed by humans. And this system was never really used in production because back in the days, there were no easy way to implement them. And personal computers were really not cheap and accessible as they are today. But nowadays, we don't really program rules. We use machine learning, throw a lot of data at machine learning algorithms, and then we get models out of it. So now we have deep learning, so one level deeper. So deep learning is a subset of machine learning. And here we use the concept of neurons and synapses like our brain to train a model. So we were really inspired by how our brain functions to develop these models. The idea is that with deep learning, you are able to process more complex patterns in the data than with traditional machine learning techniques, such as what I've shown you, which were, for example, the regression and classification. So deep learning is following what a brain looks like. So visually, we have an input layer. We give it a lot of data. Then we have more layers within our data. They're called hidden layers. And then we have output layers to get the answer we're looking for. So it's called deep learning because there's more than one layer of learning. As you can see, we have the input, the output, but also hidden layers. And it could be a lot of hidden layers. So it's called deep because there's one more level, and it looks like a brain because now we have all these things connected with each other, and so we have neurons and synapses. So for example, computer vision such as image classification, object detection, image segmentation is based on deep learning or natural language processing, NLP, for example, text classification, sentiment analysis, machine translation, language generation is also based on deep learning. And with deep learning, to have a very good model, you need a very large amount of input data. And on top of it, it is very computationally heavy. And so it requires using GPU. You may have heard of GPU. A company producing a lot of GPU right now is Nvidia, and they're very much in the news because their stock is going up like crazy. But they produce what's called graphical processing units, which is what your computer has to actually display what you see right now. What you see right now on your screen, all the pixels is processed by GPU, but GPU also have this amazing capability at being great at what's called parallel computations. And so therefore, they're really heavily used as well in the deep learning space. So neural network are very complicated to explain, but I'm going to try my best to give you an idea of how they work. Now (laughs) it requires a whole level of understanding to really understand how they work, but don't worry. From the exam perspective, you don't need to know exactly how it works. But I always like to provide a little bit more information for you to gain some skills. So we have the input data, and then by putting the data into our network, it's going to create connections between our different layers. And over time, new connections are going to be created all the way down to the output layer. And these nodes, these 10 units, they're connected together, and they're organized into layers. So we have the input layers, the hidden layers, and the output layers. And when we throw a lot of data into our neural network, the connections are going to change because patterns are going to be identified. And therefore, if we start offering more data, for example, the nodes will be talking to each other and creating new connections, as you can see right now, or removing old connections as well. So as you see in my diagram, there are new connections added and sometimes connections removed to build your neural network. So the math and all the parameters behind tuning a neural network is way beyond the level of this course. But hopefully, I give you some level of understanding into how things work at a very high level. If I go too deep, it's gonna be too complicated for this course. Now neural network, in practice, they have billions of nodes, and we have many, many, many different layers. That's why it's called deep learning. So there's a very simple example where we give handwritten numbers to a neural network. And so we have all these numbers right here. And so the input layer will represent pixels, and then the hidden layers would represent, for example, what the model identifies as line or curves based on what the data has been seeing. So for example, if it sees a vertical line, for example, the number one, the number four, and the number seven all have a vertical line in it, like graphically speaking, then you can imagine that one layer would be used to detect these kind of lines. And the network itself figures out that this should be one layer. For example, if you look at the number six, the number eight, and the number zero, again, we have a very curved bottom for the these three numbers, visually speaking. And so therefore, maybe one layer in your neural network is going to look for these curves. And so when you add all these layers intuitively that detect vertical lines, curved bottoms and so on, and you add these things together, automatically, you will get the right number being detected. So all of this, though, is not manually programmed by humans. It is automatically learned by the neural network. And that is my best explanation on neural network. I hope this was enough for you. Okay, and now that we have neural networks, we go into the GenAI space. So the GenAI space, we've seen before. We give a lot of data. We pre-train a foundation model, and this foundation model is very versatile. It can adapt to a broad range of general tasks. So gene AI is a subset of deep learning. Here we have a multipurpose foundation model that is actually backed by multiple neural networks. And these models can also be fine tuned as we want with our data to better fit our use cases. So these generic models leverage what's called the transformer model. So the transformer model is just a name, no need to remember, not exactly how it works, but the idea is that it's an optimization that allows a model to process a sentence as a whole instead of word by word, which gives us faster and more efficient text processing, so less training time. So this is what the transformer model looks like. You don't need to know anything about it. I just want to provide you a visual of what the transformer architecture looks like. But the idea is that it's able to process sentences very efficiently and give relative importance to specific words in a sentence. And so we have transformers-based LLM, so they are models that can understand and generate human-like texts. They're trained on a lot of data from the Internet, from books, or from other sources, and learn patterns very efficiently between words and phrases. And why am I mentioning transformers to you? Well, because Google BERT or OpenAI ChatGPT are based on it. And ChatGPT means chat generative pre-trained transformer. And this is why I wanted to talk to you about the transformer architecture. It is a very commonly used model nowadays, architecture nowadays, and this is what ChatGPT and a lot of other foundation model are based on. This is for text. Now we've seen for images as well, the diffusion model where we have a picture, and we do a forward diffusion process by adding noise over time. And then to generate images, we do the opposite. We generate from noise back a cat image by providing a prompt. So I'm going faster over this because we've seen this already. Next we have multi-model models. So this is difficult (laughs) to say, but of course this is a model where we have multiple types of inputs and multiple types of outputs in terms of formats. For example, a multi-model can take a mix of audio, image, and text and output a mix of video and text, for example. For example, we give a prompt, we give an image of a cat, and we give an audio file, and we tell the model, "Please generate a video making the cat in the picture speak what is included in the audio." And the model will understand all these things, combine them together, and create a video of a cat with the specific audio. So this is the idea that now models are going to be even more generalized, not just text, or not just images, but a combination of different formats. And to finish this long lecture, I know, but hopefully very important to you is (laughs) a little thing where I say that humans are a mix of AI. So to help you understand exactly what works, so artificial intelligence is when we say, "Well, if this happens, then do that. So if there's a fire in my home, put some water on it to extinguish it." But now we go into machine learning, and we don't have just the if/then rules. We talk about what we've seen before, and we classify them. So for example, we've seen a lot of dogs before, and we see a new dog, and we're very confident that this is a dog. Next we have deep learning. So we haven't seen something before, but we learned from other similar concepts what it was, and therefore, we can make a decision. For example, say you have seen a lot of animals in your life. You've seen dogs, you've seen cats, you've seen elephants, giraffes, and so on. And all of a sudden, you see a tiger. This is the first time you've seen a tiger, and you've never seen a tiger in your life or never learned about the tiger, but it looks like it has legs. It looks like it has a mouth. It is moving. It's alive. So you say, "Well, this looks like an animal to me." And this is the idea behind deep learning. We can learn things from similar concepts, even though we've never seen them before. And finally, we have generative AI, so we are able to learn things from similar concepts, but now we can actually generate content. We can be creative, even though we've never seen it. So maybe we haven't seen a specific type of poem, but we invent one because we are being very creative, and this is what humans are about to create. So hopefully, I didn't shock you by saying that humans are a mix of AI, but I wanna show you how in our own personal reasoning process, we are different level types of AI between artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, and generative AI. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.