So let's quickly talk about inferencing. So inferencing is when a model is making predictions based on new data. So we have different kinds of inferencing. We have the real time inferencing. This is when our as a user will, for example, to put a prompt into a chat bot and we want an immediate response. So here the computers have to make decisions very quickly as they arise. And here you prefer speed over perfect accuracy because you want the response to be immediate. So chat bots are a very good example of what it means to have a real time inferencing. The other end of inferencing is batch inferencing. Here we want a large amount of data that is going to be analyzed all at once. So here we give a lot of data into a model. We can wait for the processing time to happen. It could be minutes, days, or weeks. And then we are going to get the results when they're ready. And so we are going to analyze them then. So it's often used for data analysis. And here you don't really care about speed, of course, the faster the better, but you can wait. And what you really want though is maximum accuracy. And this is another type of inferencing. Consider inferencing at the edge. So what is the edge? Well edge devices are usually devices that have less computing power and they're close to where your data is being generated. Usually in places where internet connections can be limited. So an edge device can be your phone, but your phone can be quite powerful. But edge device can be anything that's somewhere far in the world. So to run a full large language model on an edge device may be very difficult because you don't have enough computing power. And so therefore there is a popular trend, which are small language models that can run with limited resources and on edge devices. And you may want to load these SLMs on, for example, a Raspberry Pi, which is an edge device. And when loaded onto your edge device, you get very low latency because your edge device can just invoke the model locally. It's also a very low compute footprint, and you have offline capability with ability to use local inference. If you wanted to have a more powerful model, for example, on LLM, it would maybe be impossible to run it on an edge device. Maybe in the future it will, but right now it may be very difficult because you don't have enough computing power. So another alternative would be to run the LLM on a remote server, just like we've been doing so far, for example, on Amazon Bedrock. And then your edge device will do API calls over the internet to your server, to your model, wherever it's deployed, and then get the results. So the advantage here is that we can use a more powerful model because now the model lives somewhere else, but we have a higher latency because now the call needs to be made over the internet to get the results back. And also your edge device must be online and must have an internet connection in order to access the large language model. So the exam may ask you about the trade-offs and to choose the right solution for the use case presented. So let's say for this lecture, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.