So now let's talk about Amazon CloudFront. CloudFront is a content delivery network, CDN, and it improves the read performance of whatever you have in the backend because the content is going to be cached at the edge. You have over 200 points of presence globally and it protects you against DDoS attacks because it is distributed at the edge. It has integration with Shield, WAF, and Route 53. Any application on CloudFront is going to be exposed through HTTPS, and then internally you can talk to HTTP or HTTPS to access any kind of internal applications. There's also support for the WebSocket protocol. So how does that look? Well, we have an application, say for example, we deploy a website or files onto an S3 bucket. We want global user to access them. Then a user in America can access a cache in America, which is going to make a request to the S3 buckets. And then after it is going to cache the result of that request in America so that subsequent requests do not have to go back to the S3 bucket. And similarly, for a user in China, we'll go through a point of presence in Asia to access your S3 bucket. So what are the origins of CloudFront? Well, we have an S3 bucket, and this is used for distributing files from S3 to the web or back from the web to S3 to upload them using CloudFront as an ingress. And the security is maintained and guaranteed through the use of the CloudFront Origin Access Control or OAC feature. You can also use CloudFront as a MediaStore container and MediaPackage endpoint. This is used to deliver video on demand, VOD, or live streaming videos using AWS Media Services. You also have VPC Origin for application hosted in VPC private subnets, and this is to distribute content hosted through an application load balancer, a network load balancer, or directly on EC2 instances, but all of that in private networks. You can also use a custom origin, which is HTTP based. So this is for anything that's public, so you could use it on top of an API gateway if you wanted more control. Otherwise, you can use straight from API gateway, the API gateway edge feature, or you can use it for example, on an S3 bucket that's configured as a website. First, you need to EM enable a static website hosting or finally any HTP backend you want that is public hosted in or outside of AWS. So what if you use S3 as an origin? Well, we have an Origin S3 bucket, and again, I told you there is tight integration between CloudFront and USU bucket by using OAC. So the origin access control. So this ensures that then the content of your SU bucket is going to be cached at the edge in various locations. For example, Los Angeles, for example, Sao Paolo, Mumbai, and then Melbourne and the public. The idea is that all the requests made to these edge locations if they have cash content will be served from the edge, not from the S3 bucket in the origin. Therefore it improves to you the latency and also the number of requests made on your S3 buckets. So what is the difference between CloudFront and S3 cross reunification? Well, with CloudFront you get a Global Edge network and files are cached for a time to live maybe a day, and it's great for static content that must be available everywhere. If you use S3 cross region replication, you must set up it for every ser, every region you want to replicate to, and the files are going to be updated in near real time. It's read only. And so it's great if you have dynamic content that needs to be available at low latency in the few regions. So they have a very different use cases. So if you want to use the VPC origin functionality, you can actually get content directly from your private subnets into CloudFront using what's called a private origin. So that means that you can deliver traffic to private applicational balancers, network balancers, and EC2 instances. So CloudFront will connect through something called the VPC origin that we must set up, and then we have optimal security and an optimal setup for this. So this is to me the best way of doing things, but you may want to know how to do it also using public IPS and public ARBs and eStore as origins. So this is what I'm gonna show you is just the old way of doing things, but good to know from an exam perspective because the exam might be tricky. You can also use CloudFront with an origin of HTP types, for example, an EC2 instance or an applicational balancer. So in this case, the EC2 instance must be public so that the edge locations can access your EC2 instance, and it's possible for you to customize a security group so that you only allow the public ips of the edge locations. It's also possible for you to expose your application through an applicational bouncer. Again, the ALB must be public. The EC2 instances can be private, and therefore on the security group of the ALB, you allow the public ips of the edge locations and then you now have no more security between your EC2 instances and your ALB. There's also a trick to even further and increase the security of your ALB in CloudFront is that to prevent direct access to your ALB or your custom origin, you can use what's called a custom HTP header. So that CloudFront adds a very secret header and sends it to the ALB for every request made through CloudFront, and then you configure the ALB or your custom origin to only forward request to your backend if that custom HTP header is seen and therefore the header name and the value must be kept secrets. So how does that look? Well, you have your users accessing CloudFront, CloudFront they will perform this kind of HTP request and CloudFront is going to ha to add a custom header with a secret value. And then your origin, would it be your application answer or your custom origin will have some logic so that anything that does not have this custom header and this custom value will be discarded, else it will be forwarded to your backend and therefore any user trying to directly access your origin will get rejected because that custom header will not be present. On top of it, you can also restrict from a network perspective access to your origin by using security groups and only allowing the CloudFront public IP addresses. Okay, finally, we have origin groups. So this is to increase high availability and do failover. So an origin group has one primary and one secondary origin so that if the primary origin fails, then the second one is being used. And the beautiful thing is that the origins can be cross AWS region, which is good for disaster recovery. So we have CloudFront and say we have one origin group in US-east-1 that's our primary origin, and then the second origin origin B in EU-west-1. Therefore, we have cross region high availability. So the request will be made to the primary origin, but in case there is an error status code, then the same request is going to be sent to our second origin and hopefully we get an okay back. It's also possible to do this with S3 buckets so that you have region level high availability for S3 buckets. So again, you would have a primary origin and a secondary origin for your S3 buckets, but you would set up a replication between the two buckets so that if one bucket is down, then CloudFront can try the same request on the second bucket in another region that hopefully should have data up to date thanks to replication. And that should be up thanks to availability. Okay, so that's it for CloudFront, the first part, I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.