The first feature that we're going to talk about in this section is called S3 Block Public Access. So what is S3? Block Public access? Well, it's a feature that's provided by AWS to help manage public access to our S3 resources. Now, when we set this up, we have settings for things like access points, buckets and complete accounts. Really starting in April 2023, Amazon is actually going to automatically enable S3 block public access, and by doing so, it disables S3 access controls for all new buckets. So what this really is going to do, it's going to set a rule on our account or individual buckets or access points to say no one can have access publicly to any of the resources in this bucket. So it can be a bucket wide setting, it could be an account level setting. It can actually be an organizational wide setting. And what this does is by selecting these rules, it will prevent things like bucket policies or ACLs from being able to make any of your resources publicly available to anybody on the Internet. That's what really S3 block Public access does. Now, again, if you're using AWS organizations, you can actually use a service control policy or an SCP to actually set up all these settings across all of your accounts. So you can use an SCP to say, you know what, I'm going to enable S3 block public access across all of my accounts. It could be hundreds of accounts. And by doing so, each one of those accounts will be limited in terms of what they can do in S3 in regards to making objects publicly accessible. So you can control that from an organizational level. So why is this important to our organization? Well, if you've been paying attention to any kind of media, it seems that S3 users are really struggling with the proper configurations in order to secure their buckets. It didn't take me long to find a lot of different articles on here about exposing or leaking data, and they were all related to just misconfigurations of Amazon S3 buckets. So that's why it's really important to understand how we can manage access to make our data publicly available. And it's important to understand the features that AWS provides us to ensure that, well, we don't accidentally make our data publicly accessible. So S3 Block Public Access was a feature that AWS added to Amazon S3 to help organizations from accidentally making buckets public and unintentionally leaking data by using S3 Block public access. We can simply click one check mark in our account and we can prevent any of our data from ever becoming publicly accessible across our accounts or in our buckets. So let's take a look at some of the features of Amazon S3 Block Public Access. Now, this is a graphic that I kind of stole from Amazon themselves, but I kind of redrew it. I added a little bit to it because the original one didn't have everything that I wanted. So if you look at the Block public Access feature, what it's going to do is override any of the other S3 access permissions to easily enforce a no public access policy. Now we can simply go to the console and we can set our block public access permissions directly in the console. Now, you can also do it through the CLI and the API of course, but it's super easy to turn on this S3 block public access if it's not already enabled. Remember I mentioned before starting in April 2023, all new buckets will have S3 block public access enabled. If you have created a new bucket, well it may already be enabled on that bucket. Now you can configure this S3 block public access at the bucket level, at the account level, or when you're using AWS organizations at the entire org level, very flexible in terms of where you can enforce block public access. Now the settings that you get with block public access include things like block public access granted by new ACLs, by any ACLs, block public access granted by new bucket policies or any bucket policies. And we're going to go through each one of these and that's why I'm kind of breezing through it. But all of these settings would apply to one or more buckets, again, depending on where you are configuring this block, public access. So if you configure at the bucket level, well, it's only going to apply at that one bucket. If you apply at the account level, it's going to apply every single bucket within that account. And of. Course at the org level. Maybe you have thousands of accounts and you've got tens of thousands of buckets. Well, these permissions can be applied to those tens of thousands of S3 buckets, just depending on where you want to manage it. Now, one thing to note here is Amazon S3 doesn't support block public access settings on a per object basis. It's only at the bucket level, which is kind of the lowest level. Again, accounts and org. Now, when S3 block public access is enabled, you cannot update ACLs or bucket policies that will include rules which would make an object or a bucket public. If you try to do that, you'll actually get an access denied error. So if you go and try to modify a bucket policy, which we're going to talk about later in this section, and you say, you know what, I'm going to include a bucket policy that basically allows anybody, maybe even people on the public Internet to access my data. Well, if you try to apply that policy, Amazon S3 is going to be like, you know what? I'm not going to allow you to apply that bucket policy because I have blocked public access enabled. And this policy would potentially allow the public Internet to access your data. So I'm not going to allow you to put that new policy in place if you are going to use block public access. But you do have some use cases where you need some data that's publicly accessible. What I personally would recommend is a separate AWS account in your organization that's specifically for public S3 buckets, and that's the only account where you have public buckets in there Everywhere else you want to lock it down. So let's take a look to see what this actually looks like in the console. I try not to include many screenshots in the console again because, well, AWS is constantly changing them. But this is what it looks like in the Amazon S3 console. This is going to allow us to edit our block public access settings for this account. So I'm doing this at the account level and not necessarily at a bucket level. So if you just click that top checkbox there where it says block all public access, well it's going to check all four of those other rules for us and we will not be able to have any objects that are publicly accessible in this entire account. So let's take a look at each one of these rules really quickly. The first one is block public access to buckets and objects that are granted through new access control policies. The key here is new access controls. Now, this option will disallow the use of new public bucket or object ACLs, and it's used to ensure that future put requests that include them will fail. So my example before, if you have this checked and then you tried to create a new ACL that would make an object public, well that put request of that new rule would actually fail. Now this rule does not affect existing buckets or objects. So again, the key word in this rule is new access controls. It doesn't impact any existing rules. Now, you would use this setting to protect against future attempts to use ACLs to make buckets or objects public. If an application tries to upload an object with a public ACL or, say, an administrator tries to apply a public access setting to the bucket, this setting would block the public access setting for the bucket or the object. So the next one at the bottom here is block public access to buckets and object granted through any ACLs. Now this option tells S3 not to evaluate any public ACL when authorizing requests, regardless if you have existing ACLs or new ACLs on there. Basically what happened is S3 will basically just not evaluate any public ACL when it authorizes the request. So that way it ensures that no bucket or no object can be made public using an ACL. Now this setting does in fact override any current or future public access settings for current and future objects in the bucket. So if you have existing ACLs in this bucket that provide public access to certain objects and then you go and check this box, it will indeed impact those ACLs and those objects will no longer be public. It will override those settings. So again, the key word to these ACL related rules, the top one talks about new rules moving forward. The bottom one will impact all rules. So any ACLs. Now, most of the time we're just going to check both of these. So let's look at the bucket policy related rules. The last two were focused on ACLs. The next two are focused on bucket policy. So the first one is block public access to buckets and objects granted through new public bucket policies. Again, the keyword here is new. So this option is going to disallow the use of new public bucket policies and it's going to be used to ensure that future put requests that include them will fail. So again, if this box is checked and then me as an administrator, try to go into Amazon S3 console and say, you know what, I'm going to place this new bucket policy, I'm going to edit the existing one or create a new bucket policy that enables either my bucket or objects to be public. Well, it's going to block that. Again, this does not affect any existing buckets. Our objects. This setting will ensure that a bucket policy cannot be updated to grant public access. Anything new moving forward? The second one here is block public and cross-account access to buckets and objects through any public bucket policies. So if you do check this box, access to buckets that are publicly accessible will be limited to only the bucket owner and the AWS services. This option can be used to protect buckets that have public policies while you work to remove the policies. It also serves to protect information that's logged to a bucket by an AWS service from ever becoming publicly accessible. Checking this box ensures that any of the objects in the bucket itself will be limited to the bucket owner and any services in that account. Those are your four rules that you have access to for S3 block public access and well, these are the recommended settings, check marks across the board there. Of course, if you just check the top one. There. It's going to automatically check the bottom one there. But unless you are 100% confident that you know how to manage public access for your objects, maybe you've gone through this course and you feel great. But if you are not 100% confident that you know how to manage public access, go ahead. Enable this block public access setting for your account. And in the future, if you do have a use case, maybe go ahead and create a separate account that just focuses on public buckets. That wraps up the lecture for S3 Block public access, and I'll see you in the next one.