All right. Let's talk about block public access. Now, we did showcase this earlier in the course when we talked about the bucket defaults, but we want to showcase two different things in this demo. Now, first of all, we're in the Amazon S3 console again, and the first thing we want to showcase is how we can configure this per account. So over here on the left, we have block public access settings for this account. Now, any time we modify this, this is going to apply to the entire account, and that means it's going to apply to every single bucket. So if we go in here and click edit, so if we go and enable block all public access, this is going to be for the entire account again, all current and future buckets. So we'll click on Save Changes here and we're going to confirm this, right? So click on confirm and we have enabled it. You can see it is on now. If we go back to our buckets now, if you go into an individual bucket here, so I'm going to click on our Amazon S3 deep dive bucket and we go to permissions here. And you can see we also have bucket settings for block public access. And one thing I want to showcase here is that block public access settings for this account are currently turned on because we just turned it on. However, note that if we change this for the bucket, if we disable it for the bucket, the account settings are still applied. All right, so even if we do edit here and uncheck this and click on Save Changes and confirm. And click on confirm here. Even though it's turned off, the account level settings still take precedence over this particular bucket. All right. So just because we disabled it for this bucket doesn't give us the ability to make things public. So if we were to modify our bucket policy and try to give access to things that were publicly available, well, we would get an error here. All right. So let's try that. Let's go over to our policies here and let's find our public access one. All right. So we're going to copy this and we're going to edit the policy here. And we're going to paste it in and I am going to go ahead and just give it a slash star here. And that will make everything in this bucket public because our principal here is our star and we say everything inside of our bucket. Now if we go down here and click Save changes, well, we get an error. It says your bucket policy changes cannot be saved because the problem is it grants a level of public access that conflicts with your block public access settings. So even if we were trying to modify individual buckets and make individual objects or the bucket itself public, even if we changed or turned off block public access per bucket, well, Amazon is still going to block us from making any changes to our policy that permits public access because the account level settings are going to proceed over top of our individual bucket settings. All right. So we cannot make any of our bucket or bucket objects public because we have set it on the account level. Okay? Now what we can do is we can change that. So obviously we can go in here and we can turn this off. And click on Save Changes and we'll confirm this. Confirm. And now what we can do is go back to S3 buckets and go into our bucket here. We'll go into permissions and now we can obviously set it per bucket, right? We can turn it on for this individual bucket. We can keep it off for this individual bucket. Right. And then what we can also do is edit our bucket policy. So we go down here and paste in our policy and that allows everything to be public. If we update this, do slash star and we hit save changes, well, it takes our bucket policy. All right. So now everything inside of this bucket can actually be viewed. And if we go ahead and click on an object avatar and we click on the object URL, well, wait, we still get an access denied. All right. Now, this is because of several reasons. Now, throughout the course, we've made several changes to this bucket that's going to prevent access to this image, even though we have made it public. Now, the first one, if you remember, was the requester pays right? We configured requester pays on this particular bucket. And remember, requester pays means that it turns off anonymous access to the bucket. So what we will do is go into edit and we'll go ahead and disable this and click on Save Changes. Now let's go back to our objects, click on Avatar and click on our object URL. And now we're also getting an error because we encrypted the object with KMS and it requires this version for signature. Now we of course don't have that because we're just accessing it in Chrome. All right. So if we go back to this object and we go down to properties and we find encryption and we change this, we can override the bucket defaults and we'll just say, okay, we want to use SSH dash S3 and click on Save Changes. Cool. We modified that. Now if we click on our object URL, our avatar dot PNG comes up. All right, so it is public. You can see that I'm just hitting the URL in Chrome and of course that means our block public access configuration is now working. And of course inside of our bucket, our permissions, which enables us to get any object inside of the bucket, is now working. Now of course, if we go to edit here and block all public access and click on Save Changes and confirm that and hit confirm. All right, go back to our objects, click on Avatar and click on this. Well, we get an access denied again because we are now blocked from making these objects public. So that showcases how we can modify the S3 block public access, both at the account level and how that affects individual bucket configurations. And of course we can configure individual buckets and if that's turned off, we can configure block public access per bucket level. And of course, if we turn it off, we can use a bucket policy and showcase how we can make individual objects public inside of our bucket.