Let's talk about object ownership and where we would use that. Now, inside of S3, each object inside of our S3 bucket has an owner associated with it, and this owner has complete control over our object. Now, most often the object owner is going to be the AWS account that uploaded the object. So in the example down here, we have an S3 bucket. We've got three objects inside this S3 bucket. We have Brian Jpeg, customer, PDF and sales dot PDF, and I went ahead and put the owner on there. So you see Brian Jpeg, the owner is an account called 346512, whatever, same account owner for the customer pdf. But in this case sales dot pdf is actually owned by another account, so maybe this bucket lives in account. 346512894502. And local users of this account have uploaded these objects where the square and the triangle. However, maybe this bucket has a bucket policy attached to it that permits users from another account to upload data into this particular bucket. So when that object is uploaded from a user or a role that lives in another account, then that account actually owns the object inside of that bucket. Now that we understand that, let's talk a little bit more about object ownership. So what does it actually do for us? Well, if we enable the feature called object ownership on a bucket, it will actually go ahead and take ownership of every object in the bucket. That's regardless of if local users upload objects or users from another account. Upload objects inside the bucket. Now the bucket owner owns every single object in the bucket and it can exclusively manage objects using our bucket policies. So we have a couple options to control ownership of our objects. So the default is just bucket owner enforced. ACLs are going to be disabled when we enable this and the bucket owner automatically owns every object that is uploaded into that bucket. Now the next object here is bucket owner preferred. The bucket owner will own new objects that other accounts write using a canned ACL attached to the bucket. The ACL is simply bucket owner full control. So what Amazon's going to do for us is going to go ahead and create an ACL for us on that bucket and the ACL simply bucket owner full control. Now the last one here is Object Writer. Now this is kind of what we talked about before, where it means the AWS account that writes the object will own the object and have full control over it. If we have a bucket that has multiple objects in there and most of the objects are written by the local account, but we have other accounts that are also writing data into that bucket. That data will be owned by the account that wrote that data or uploaded it to that bucket. So we do have multiple options to control ownership when we're talking about object ownership in S3. So it sounds cool. Where do we actually set this up? Well, it's super easy when we actually set up or create a new bucket in Amazon. S3 there's an option to set up object ownership when we do that. However, if we have an existing bucket, well, we can go into the properties of that bucket and we can actually configure object ownership on that existing bucket. Now, one thing to note that if you have an existing bucket that may have some ACLs in there, remember when I said when we enable object ownership, it disables ACLs? Well, if you have some ACLs on that bucket, you must migrate those ACLs to something like bucket policies or something else that provides that functionality because again, ACLs will be disabled when we configure object ownership. So you can enable it when you create a new bucket or if you have existing buckets, you can go modify that bucket and go ahead and enable object ownership on that bucket as well.