All right. Welcome back to the AWS Management console, where we're going to work on making some of our objects and our buckets publicly accessible. Now, back in the Amazon S3 console here, and if you remember earlier in the course, we created two buckets, right? I have the Amazon S3 deep dive and we created the Amazon S3 deep dive public. So we're going to work with the one for public. So I'm going to go into here and we don't have any objects in here, so we need to go ahead and add some objects. So let's go over here and grab some of our PNG images that we created earlier using the AWS Sync Command. And we're just going to drag them over here and we're just going to go ahead and upload them and leave them as is. So they should be relatively quick to upload and we're already done. So we'll go ahead and close that out. So we have five objects inside of our bucket. Now, if you look at our permissions, our bucket policy is basically empty and we have block all public access turned on. So it should go without saying that we will not be able to access these objects right now. Access denied. All right. So the first thing we need to do is we need to add a bucket policy that allows us to see all of our images publicly. All right. So I'm going to click on permissions here. And what we're going to do is modify our bucket policy. So I'm going to click on edit. And what we'll do is we'll go back over to VS code. I've got a policy over here and we'll go ahead and use that and we'll take a look at it. So right now, the policy that we're going to look at is allow public list. The principal is star, which means anybody on the Internet, the action is right now just list bucket and the resource is simply our bucket, right? Amazon S3 Deepdive public. So if we go down here and save changes, oh, we get an error, right? We don't have permission again. Block Public access is preventing us from making this change. So let's go ahead and cancel this out. We'll go down here and we'll turn this off. So I'm going to uncheck this now since we're only going to be using bucket policies, I'm going to go ahead and check the ACL. Right. To make sure that we can't grant access to any objects using ACLs. We can only do it through our bucket policies. All right. So I'm going to leave those two unchecked. I'm going to click on Save Changes and we're going to confirm this change. Click on Confirm. And there we go. We've got that set up now we can go back into our bucket policy. Edit Go ahead and paste this in. And again, we are not doing a get object. We're only doing list object right now. All right, So we'll go down here, click Save Changes and it allowed us to provide that. All right, so here is our bucket policy. Now, if you go over to our objects and click on our object and see, oh, wait, we still get an access denied. And that's because we added list bucket and not specifically get object. However, since we did add list bucket if we go up here to the URL and take off the object name and hit enter well we get this pretty XML file and if you take a look at it a little bit closer, it's actually listing out the contents of our bucket. Right? We have key Avatar dot PNG Key S3 Bucket Logo S3 Bucket logo with objects color. Right Here are all the PNG files that exist inside of our bucket. You can see the display name of my account. You can see when it was last modified and you can also see the size and the storage class of each of these objects. All right, so we provided list access to our bucket, but it doesn't mean that we can actually obtain or get our objects right, view our objects. So if we go back, let's modify our bucket policy so we can actually see some of our objects. So we'll go back into permissions here. And by the way, notice that we have this publicly accessible on the top now since we added our bucket policy that makes them publicly accessible, AWS is going to give you a bunch of red alerts and say, hey, the data in this bucket is accessible by the public. All right. So we're going to go down here and change our bucket policy and we are going to modify. But first, let's go back to our objects and let's grab some of the arms of our object. So we're going to click on the Arn here. So I'm going to copy that. We're going to go back to our bucket, back to permissions and modify our bucket policy here. So we're going to make a few changes here. Let's go ahead and just change this instead of just list. We're just going to change this to read and S3 list bucket. We're going to get rid of that and we're going to change this to get object. All right. Because that's what we want to do. And now the resource, what we're going to do is replace that with the arn of our one object. All right. So we'll be able to view this one object. We won't be able to view everything inside of the bucket. So I'm going to scroll down here and click on Save Changes. All right, So we've got that. So we should be able to see Avatar Dot PNG publicly, but no other object. So we'll go back to objects, click on Avatar, click on our. Object URL. And there we go. We can see my little avatar here. Now, if we go back, select a different object, maybe this bucket with objects and select that we get an access denied as expected because we only permitted access to our avatar dot PNG. So if we wanted to view everything inside of our bucket, maybe this bucket is serving up images for a public website or something like that. We would simply go into permissions, go down to our bucket policy and edit that. And rather than just providing access to Avatar, maybe we simply provide access to everything in our bucket with Star. So we'll go down here and click Save Changes, and now we go back to our objects and now we should be able to see anything inside of this bucket. So S3 bucket with objects, if we click that, hey, that worked, looks good, we can access that publicly. And of course we look at any of our other objects in here, click on that one. We can see that one as well. All right. So that showcases how we can make both a bucket public by using the list bucket permission and only giving access to list what's inside the bucket versus being able to get the objects that live inside the bucket. And then we also modify the permissions so we can see just a single image in there. Not everything. Or we can also modify the permissions to give access to everything inside the bucket. Now, the other thing I want to show real quick is that if we had a prefix in here, we had certain files inside a specific prefix instead of star, we could just put images and then slash star. So if we had all of our images inside a prefix called images inside of our bucket and we didn't want to give access to anything else in our bucket except for our images, well, we could change the resource to simply include everything under the prefix of images, and folks on the internet would only be able to retrieve files and objects that lived inside of the images prefix there. All right. So again, pretty flexible in terms of how you can do that. By the way, You can also add different things, like you can add Avatar dot PNG and you can put a comma after this, right? And then you could also add additional ones. So if you want to add two additional files. So we could do that, we could simply copy this onto a new line here and say we had, I don't know, one was called buckets or something like that, and then we can finish out our bracket. And now this would give access to get object for Avatar, PNG and bucket PNG only. Right. Nothing else inside of our bucket. All right. Now, of course, we don't have the images prefix inside of our bucket right now. It's just an example. But if you have multiple files that you need to give access to, you can simply add a comma, add multiple things in here, Brian whatever, and you can add your individual files in here and give access to only individual files as needed rather than the entire bucket.