So in this one, we're going to talk about granting cross account access to our buckets. Where would I actually need cross account access? Well, the first example in here is if you are an organization and you have multiple accounts within your organization, you may need to grant cross account access between your accounts in order to write data. So most organizations that I work with or organizations that I've designed architectures for, well, we always have multiple accounts. We want to go ahead and create a production account, a dev account, QA account, maybe multiple sandbox accounts. Most of the time there's like a network account and all that good stuff and we have multiple accounts within our organization. Almost always I will create a logging account and inside of that logging account. Well, there's a logging bucket in there when we have this multi account architecture, when we have prod dev, QA sandbox, any time that we set up logs inside of this account, we want to go ahead and send these logs to our logging bucket. When we do this, what happens is the log data is now secured in a different account and in the event of an account compromise, the attacker would not be able to delete the data, since it actually doesn't exist in that current account. That log data is now in another account. Now cross account access can be beneficial for implementing things like backup or disaster recovery strategies as well. You can configure backup accounts to have read only access to the primary account S3 bucket, enable it to replicate or backup data for disaster recovery purposes as well. Now another example here is if you want to share data that's stored in your S3 bucket with another bucket cross account access allows you to grant, read or write permissions to a specific bucket or objects. This can be useful if you're collaborating with partners or clients or other departments within your organization. So by using cross account access, it can help facilitate compliance with regulatory requirements or internal governance policies. By segregating this access to data stored in different accounts, you can enforce stricter controls, you can monitor access to it and easily maintain an audit trail for your S3 data. So how is this all configured? Well, if we're going to use the example of the partner account that needs access into our bucket, the first thing we need to do is, well, we need to look at our account. We have our production account, which account number, 180400, whatever. We have our bucket in there called prod data one, and we've got some objects inside of that bucket. Now we've got our partner account and this account is for 2042281, whatever. We have a user in there called Brian and this user name Brian has a policy associated with it called prod user. And this user wants access to our bucket. So what we need to do inside of our partner account is we need to modify or update the policy called prod user to provide access to this bucket. That's going to be step one. So what we would do in inside of that policy, we would say, okay, you can get objects, you can put objects, or you can put object ACL for S3 bucket called prod data one. So that's what the policy would look like inside of our partner account. And that policy is associated with our user called Brian. By the way, I do not have bright red hair like that. So again, the resource here is what we're really focused on. That bucket actually lives in another account. But because remember, naming is global for us, we don't have to specify the account name here. That's step one is configuring the policy for the user in the partner account, and that provides permission to access the bucket. But we still need to go ahead and modify the bucket policy to permit that access just by granting that user access to the bucket in the partner account. Well, they're separate accounts, so it doesn't matter. I can give all the access I want in the partner account, but if I don't modify something in the production account to allow that user to access to my bucket, it won't matter. That is going to be step two here. Step two is we need to configure the bucket policy that grants permission to the user in the other account so that bucket policy may look something like this, very similar to what we saw before. But notice in this case that the principal actually points to our user name, Brian, in our partner account. So if you look closely at the principle, we have Arn AWS Iam and notice the account number is actually the account number for our partner account. And then we have user Brian there and the action is get object put object and put object ACL. And again the resource is the bucket inside of our account called prod data one. So again, configure it by adding permissions in Iam for the user in the. Count where the user lives. And then, of course, we need to configure the bucket policy itself to permit that cross account access for that user. So again, this can be through a role as well from the partner account or it can be a user, just depending on how you configure your partner account, like how users authenticate to their AWS accounts. But again, this is just an example of using an Iam user and providing that cross account access to another bucket. So hopefully that's helpful. You better understand how to perform cross account access for your bucket in the event that you're working with partners or clients or customers or whatever and you need access into their bucket or they need access into yours, you should be able to confidently go and deploy your permissions in order to do that. So that wraps up this section. Hopefully it was useful for you to better understand how to secure access to your S3 bucket, and we'll look forward to seeing you in the next section.