All right. So in this topic, we're going to cover Amazon S3 pre signed URLs. Now, pre signed URLs are a way that we can provide temporary access to some of our objects that live in our S3 bucket without having to make them publicly available or ensure that people don't have long live access to our objects. All right. So let's check it out here. All right. So say, for example, we want to access our content and well, maybe we're a training company, right? Providing Amazon S3 training. Now, we've stored all of our videos inside of our bucket called training Videos. And as a training company, we have different subscribers and these subscribers obviously want to view our training videos. So all of these users are going to use our Amazon S3 training company application and all these users want to view our videos that live in our bucket. So how do we share our content with only certain approved users? And remember, these are users that aren't necessarily users within your AWS account, right? You're providing services to different folks around the world that are subscribing to your app or subscribing to your service. And we want to make sure that those videos are accessible only by our paid subscribers and not just anybody on the Internet. So let's take a look at another example. Maybe we are a company and we work with a bunch of different partners and we are storing all of our partner data inside a bucket called partner data. Now we have an external user, right? They are a partner rep, so they don't work for us, but they need access to our data right now. We don't want to make the bucket public because, well, we don't want anybody else to gain access to that data and we don't want to break any of our security policies and start enabling certain people on the Internet to gain access to it, maybe by IP address or, you know, ensuring that this user has an AWS account or something like that. So how do we actually share our content with only certain approved users without impacting our bucket security? Right? We don't want to have to go and modify our bucket policy in order to allow our partner rep temporary access to some of our data. Well, in order to do that, we can use pre signed URLs. Now, pre signed URLs provide us a way to give users temporary access to a bucket or objects. And this is done using a time limited URL that we can generate. Now these URLs can use by traditional end users, right? A human being to access the data or they can be used by an application that can go get or put objects in the S3 bucket. So in our example of our training content, right, we can provide the application with a temporary URL and then their phone or their iPad or their laptop or whatever can use that pre signed URL to go stream those videos. Now when you provide a pre signed URL, the user or the app will inherit the permissions of the user role or token that actually generated the URL and the URL can actually be used multiple times until the expiration date and time. So let's take a look at those two examples. But now we're using pre signed URLs. All right, So for our example for video training, maybe we have a new content creator and this new content creator is using our app and they want to upload a new video to our application. Maybe they are creating new content and they want to upload it for approval or for new users or students to be able to view it. Right. Maybe it's a new certification course. Well, our app currently runs on EC2 and what's going to happen here is our EC2 instance is going to use our attached instance profile to make an API or a CLI request to S3 in order to generate that pre signed URL using those temporary credentials from that role. Now after that, S3 is going to return that pre signed URL back to the app and then the app can return that pre signed URL back to the user's application and ultimately that user can use that pre signed URL to access the bucket and upload a new video. All right. So rather than changing our bucket policies or our ACLs or modifying the public permissions of our bucket, we can simply provide the application or the user a pre signed URL. They can use that URL to do a get or a put. In this case they're doing a put because they're uploading new videos. All right. So that's one way that we can use pre signed URLs to ensure the security of our bucket or our objects and only provide temporary access to do so. All right. Let's take a look at our other example of our partner user. So again, we've got our external user, our partner rep, and this partner rep wants to download some data from our bucket. Maybe it's a customer report or a sales report. Well, on the other end, on our side we have our bucket owner. Maybe this is the admin that owns the account. So what's going to happen is the external user, our partner rep is going to make a request to get some data. Now the bucket owner is going to log into AWS or use the CLI or API to generate a pre signed URL. And of course the pre signed URL gets returned back to the bucket owner. Now the bucket owner is going to send that pre signed URL to the user, right? Maybe it's the email, maybe it's through Slack, maybe it's through some other kind of messenger. And of course this partner rep will now use the pre signed URL to perform a get object to our bucket. And of course now we send the object back to the user. So the user, our partner rep now has temporary access to our bucket and can retrieve the data that they need from our bucket without us having to modify any permissions on our bucket itself. All right. So who can create a pre signed URL? Well, an Iam user can. So if you log into the AWS management console or you're using the CLI or the API, you can create a URL for your bucket that's valid up to seven days. Now if you're using something like STS, you can create a URL that's valid for 36 hours. And finally, if you're using an instance profile, write a role attached to one of your EC2 instances. You can create a URL that's valid for up to six hours. All right, let's talk about URL expiration now, a pre signed URL. Again, I mentioned that it provides temporary access. That means at some point that URL is going to expire. Now, when you create your pre signed URL, you're going to signify how long you want that pre-signed URL to be valid for. However, the pre signed URL will expire when the token or the temporary credentials expire, even if that URL has a later time. So let's take a look to see what I mean on this timeline here. Say on day one we go create our new pre signed URL and we say, You know what? We want this to be valid for seven days. Now, maybe in this case we used STS in order to assume a role and those credentials are only valid for, I don't know, three days. Now, what's going to happen here is that when those credentials expire, maybe on day three, well, our URL is also going to expire here as well. So in this case, the URL is valid from day one to day three, but is not valid from day three to day seven. Even though we made the pre signed URL valid for seven days, if the credentials that created the URL are expired, then the URL also expires with it. All right. So that's just something to keep in mind. Now if you're using like a long term user, maybe I don't know an Iam user that you don't rotate the credentials very often then that you may not have a problem with that. But if you're using something like STS or an instance role that provides very short credentials in order to access different APIs throughout AWS, then that may be something that you keep in mind here. So that explains URL expiration. In terms of the credentials, remember, when you create the URL, you signify how long you want it to last. But again, if the token or credential that created the URL expires before that, well, the URL also expires with it. So that's pre signed URLs for you. Again, an easy way to provide different users access to objects in your bucket or provide users or applications. Ways to put data inside of your bucket without modifying your permissions like your bucket policies and ACLs on your bucket itself. So we're going to jump into the console, take a look at this and make sure we better understand how and why we would use a pre signed URL with Amazon S3.