All right. Welcome to our Next Student Challenge, where we are going to look at securing access to our bucket. And in fact, we're going to permit access to our bucket, right? That's our student challenge. So let's take a look at it. Marketing is ready to start testing the website, but it's encountering an error when trying to access the assets in our bucket. Now you need to ensure that the assets in the bucket are now publicly available. So let's look at our instructions here. The first one is disable S3 block public access to ensure that we can use only bucket policies to make objects publicly available. All right. So let's go back into our bucket here. Now. We're already at our bucket to modify the S3 block public access. We're going to go into permissions. We're going to scroll down here and it's right here. You can see that it is turned on. So we're going to click on edit. We're going to uncheck this box at the top. Now, since we only want to use bucket policies in order to grant access to our account and not ACLs, we're going to go ahead and leave these two checked. That way nobody can make anything publicly available using ACLs and we don't have to worry about troubleshooting between bucket policies and ACLs. We just need to focus on bucket policies. If we leave these unchecked, that means we can use a bucket policy to make objects publicly available in our account. So this is the setup that you need to do. Click on Save Changes. We're going to confirm our changes here and that's all we need to do. You can see now that it is off. However, if you go to edit, right, we have our configuration. Awesome. So that meets our requirements for number one. Let's take a look at the second one using a bucket policy, make the contents of the S3 bucket public so they can be accessed by users of our website. All right. So to do that, we're going to go up here. We're going to go in permissions. We're going to go down to bucket policy here and click on edit. Now, one way you can do this is you can easily just select a statement over here on the right and create it here. Or you can simply paste in the policy that allows public access to a bucket and that can be found on my GitHub. So again, I'm going to paste that in. You can see allow public list and actually we're going to do allow public read here. Allow the principal is going to be star. That means anybody the action is going to be get objects. So we're going to change that to get object. And then the resource here is going to be our bucket. So our bucket name here is right at the top. So we'll go ahead and just highlight that may be easier just to click on copy right there and we'll highlight everything. We'll paste it in there. And of course we want access to all the assets inside of our bucket. So we do slash and then star and that's going to give access to get any object inside of our bucket. All right. So that's all we need to do down there. We're going to go down here, we're going to click on Save Changes and now we have access to any of our objects. So let's go test it out. So we go over to objects and we click on blog and we have our laptop, our site, our working Jpeg or whatever. We can click on that and we can click on our object URL right here and it should come up, right? So because I'm using Chrome, I'm accessing the public URL and we can access any of the images that are inside of our bucket or any of the objects that are inside of our bucket. So if we go find another one, maybe we go to product and we find the S3 Bucket logo and we click on that and that comes up as well. All right, so we've successfully made our objects inside of our bucket public. Now, if you're worried about this in your own account, don't worry about it. These are very basic images, right? And this customer sales, that's actually just a fake PDF that I've created. Right. And actually at the bottom it says fictional sales report for this course. Additionally, any of the other objects that are in there are public files. So if you go into blog, any of these Covid 19 stats, this is a publicly available PDF that I pulled down so you don't have to worry about inadvertently sharing data that should not be shared on the Internet. This is all just basic JPEGs, PDFs, things like that. So don't be worried by sharing this in your own bucket. All right, so that's it for this challenge. We met all of the instructions and the requirements. So by completing this, we learned how to make objects available to the public and of course update the default bucket settings to enable the functionality required by our organization's workloads.