Welcome to this section where we are going to talk about creating and naming our Amazon S3 buckets. So we've talked about what buckets are, what objects are, all that good stuff. Now when we go create a bucket, we need to give it a name. And one of the things that we talked about earlier in the course is that when you create a bucket, each bucket must have a globally unique name. So if you look at the slide, take a look at the buckets and tell me, well, what's wrong with this slide? We've got three buckets one in US East, one, one in US two, one in US one. Now they're all named Amazon S3 Deepdive. That's the bucket name. Well, we can't have that. Remember that each of the bucket names must be globally unique. That means anywhere in the world, basically. So what it means is I can't have Amazon S3 Deepdive as a bucket name in multiple regions or the same region or in multiple accounts. Each one of our buckets must be unique. So in order to satisfy our naming requirements right here, we change the middle one to Amazon. S3 Deepdive to that could be a name. And then this one I change it to Amazon S3 Deepdive course. So in this case I can have my three buckets in my account or multiple accounts. And now these are valid names. And that of course, assuming that nobody has used these names, I just made them up. But in this case, we don't have three buckets with the same name. Now, when you do create a bucket, you must choose a bucket name and a region. You can optionally choose other storage management options for the bucket. After you create the bucket, you can't change the bucket name or you cannot change the region. Now, when you create a bucket, you are going to get an Arn. Every resource in Amazon has an Arn. An Arn stands for Amazon Resource name. So if I create a bucket in US East one and I call it Amazon S3 Deepdive, the Arn for that bucket is simply Arn AWS S3 and then Amazon S3 Deepdive. Now if you know anything about Arns, if you've seen them in the past, well, most of the time an Arn has an account name associated with it because inside of my account, well, I can go create maybe a policy or an EC2 instance or a KMS key and I can create them with a unique name. Now I can have that same name in other accounts because what happens is the Arn uniquely identifies that resource because the Arn generally has the account name associated with it. Now S3 is a little bit unique where we have to have that globally unique name and because of that the Arn can simply be Arn, AWS, S3, Amazon S3, Deepdive without the account number. So just keep that in mind. Talking about naming, well, there are additional rules to keep in mind, but these are the basics when it comes to bucket naming. Now, bucket names must be globally unique. As I mentioned before, bucket names must be between 3 and 63 characters long. So there's a fine line in terms of what you can name. Your bucket can't be longer than 63 characters. It can't be shorter than three. Bucket names can only consist of lowercase letters, numbers, dots and hyphens. You can't use an uppercase letter, you cannot use an underscore lowercase numbers, dots, hyphens. That's what you can use to make up your bucket name. Bucket names must begin and end with a letter or number so we can't begin a bucket name with a dot or a dash. We can't end it with a dot or a dash has to end and begin with a letter or number. Bucket names must not contain two adjacent periods, two dots in a row. A couple other additional rules to keep in mind not listed on the screen. Bucket names can't be formatted as an IP address. You can't have a bucket name like 1921685.4. Bucket names can't start with the prefix x n dash dash and bucket names must not end with a suffix dash s3 alias that's a reserved for Amazon. Now again, bucket names must be unique across all AWS accounts within a partition. Now I mentioned that a bucket name must be globally unique throughout the entire world. Well, that's sort of true. There are partitions, me and you. Normally we're just working in the traditional standard regions, US East one, us two, etcetera. That's one of AWS partitions. Now another partition is the China region. So if you happen to have a bucket named Amazon S3 Deepdive in our standard region, well, if for some reason you are working in the China region, you could have a bucket out there called Amazon S3 Deepdive as well because that's a separate partition in AWS manages that separately. In addition, if you are using AWS Govcloud within the United States, that is another partition. So you cannot have a. Drink bucket name within that partition. Now, again, traditionally most of us are going to work in our standard regions. But if you're working in China region or the gov cloud, those are separate partitions and you could have a bucket name that's the same in, say, Gov Cloud and our regular standard region. Just something to keep in mind there. Now the last thing I want to mention is that a bucket name cannot be used by another account in the same partition until the original bucket is deleted. So for example, I've got my bucket Amazon S3 Deepdive. If for some reason I wanted to move that to a different account or use that name somewhere else, I would have to go to the original account, delete that bucket first, and then I would be able to recreate that bucket in another account. Now that's assuming that somebody didn't use it by the time I deleted it and recreated it in another account. But you can move it like that. So that's something to keep in mind. Bucket naming. These are some valid bucket names based upon the rules that we just talked about. So of course we got Amazon S3 Deep dive I've been using as an example. I would definitely not use a invalid bucket name as the example through the whole course so far. Amazon Dash S3 Dash deep dive again, we can have dashes in there and even periods in between each one of those as well. Those are valid bucket names. Now some invalid bucket names just so you can get an idea. Well, we've got Amazon S3 deep dive, but we've got capital letters, uppercase letters in this name. That's not valid. Remember, it has to be all lowercase. We've got underscores in the second example, again, we can only have hyphens. And at the end here, Amazon S3 deep dive ends with a dash. Remember, our bucket name must start and end with a number or letter. So by ending our name with a dash that becomes an invalid bucket name. So again, uppercase letters not allowed here underscores not allowed only dashes and then cannot end with a hyphen on the last example bucket by the numbers here. So by default, when you are working in your account you can create up to 100 S3 buckets in each account. Now note this is a soft limit. Now if you're familiar with AWS, a lot of resources in AWS have soft limits, and in order to raise that soft limit, you must put in a request for a limit increase. Now, most of the time the turnaround on those is relatively quick. So if you need to go above 100 buckets in your account, for some reason you can simply make that request directly through support on the AWS console and they will raise that soft limit in your account so you can create more buckets. They're probably going to ask you how many buckets do you want to create? Now this limit can be increased as many times as you want, but there is a hard limit, a maximum of up to 1000 buckets per account. That means you start with 100. If you get to 100, you can request more. You can continue increasing that soft limit until you hit that hard limit, until you hit that maximum of 1000 buckets per account. Then if you hit 1000 buckets per account, well, you're kind of maxed out there and you probably want to start creating those buckets in another account. Now notice that is per account. So if I have five different accounts in my organization or something like that, well, I could create up to 5000 buckets at a max because I'm allowed 1000 per account. Now, when you're creating these buckets in your account, there's no difference in performance whether you use as many buckets as you need or just a few. You get that same standard performance out of Amazon. S3 Now again, we'll talk about performance later on in the course, but just something to keep in mind there.