In this demo, we are going to go over creating a new bucket. Now it's pretty simple, especially when you're working in the UI, but we're going to cover it anyway just because we want to make sure everyone understands it in S3. Again, we have our list of existing buckets and we're going to create a new bucket. So I'm going to click on this button here. Now, this is the bucket that we're going to be working on throughout the rest of the course. All right. So all the demos moving forward, we're going to be working with this bucket in another bucket that we're going to create. So that way you see continuity between all the demos moving forward. So create bucket the general configuration. Here we need to provide a bucket name. Now remember, we need to follow all those rules. The bucket must be unique for any account. It must also follow all those naming rules that we talked about. So in this case, I'm going to create Amazon S3 Dive Bucket, so I'm going to call it Amazon S3 Deep Dive. Now I'm going to leave the region in US East one as we go down, we see a lot of these defaults. We're going to leave them for now. We're going to leave block public access bucket versioning, right? We'll go ahead and just keep that disabled right now. We'll enable that later. Default encryption, again, these are things that we're going to modify in the next video. So really all we have to type in here is the bucket name and choose the region that we want and that's it. So I'm going to scroll down here. I'm going to click Create Bucket and look at that. We have a new bucket called Amazon S3 Deep Dive. Of course, that means that no one else in the world is using this bucket called Amazon S3 Deep Dive. So if I were to go into another account and try to create this bucket called Amazon S3 deep dive, well, it would not let me do it. So, for example, I think I own the bucket called Brian Carlson. So if I do create bucket, if I type in Brian Carlson here and just leave the defaults and say create bucket, you can see that we got an error right bucket with the same name already exists. Now, if we go back to buckets, right, there's no bucket in here called Brian Carlson. That's because that exists. In another account of mine. Again, Amazon is going to double check to make sure that the name is unique across all of those buckets that it owns inside of S3. It's going to validate that there are no other buckets with that same name. Now, the other thing I want to showcase really quickly is how do we create a bucket using the CLI? So over here I have the CLI already open and this is the and I already have my credentials done by using the AWS configure command that we showcased in another video. So what I'm going to do is use the AWS cli to create a new bucket and I'm going to go really basic here. All right, so what we're going to do is do AWS, S3 API, and then we're going to do Create Bucket. Now, in this case, since we're actually creating a bucket and not working with existing buckets, we're going to use the AWS S3 API command instead of just the AWS S3. All right. So I'm going to do a line continuation here just so it makes everything nice and clean. Now, the first parameter we need to provide is the bucket name. So Amazon S3 deep dive. Well, we know that will fail, right? Because we already created a bucket with that name. So in this case, I'm going to add public at the end. So we have Amazon S3 deep dive public and we'll use that in a future demo. And finally, the other requirement here is the region. Now since my CLI set up to use us East one, I'm just going to go ahead and keep it in US East one. All right, so we have our AWS S3 API, create bucket, provide the bucket name, provide the region and we hit enter here and there we go. Location Amazon S3 Deepdive Public. That means we successfully created. Now, if we go back to the console here and we actually click refresh, you can actually see now here's our Amazon S3 dive public bucket that we just created. All right, so we have our Amazon S3 deep dive bucket we created using the AWS management console and of course the bucket that we just created using the AWS CLI.