All right. So when you create a bucket, well, there are some bucket defaults that you need to keep in mind here. So AWS does go ahead and apply several of these defaults when a bucket is created. The first one is going to be our S3 block public access, and the next one is going to be default encryption using SSH, S3. Now these are features that provide additional protection for you and your data that's stored in Amazon S3 and there are no additional costs or impact to performance by using these features. So a lot of times when you think encryption, you think, oh, there's, you know, additional overhead to encrypt and decrypt my objects, those kind of things, you should not see any impact to performance for default encryption and block public access is simply blocking public access. All right. So we're going to talk about each one of these in detail. So if you've been working in it for some time now, or maybe you just read the news, you may have noticed a trend going on in a specifically with S3. I've got a lot of different articles that I'm going to post here really quick. We're not going to go through them, but you can see Mcgraw-hill's S3 buckets exposed 100,000 students grades. Right? Misconfigured bucket exposed sensitive data for cancer patients Pegasus airlines leaks data right and bucket mess up leaky aws S3 bucket Once again at the center of data breach. There's all these different articles that are easily found on the internet that showcase. Well, you know, sometimes putting data in S3 can be dangerous if you don't know what you're doing. Now, when you put data into an S3 bucket, you have objects in your bucket. Well, you can make those objects public, which means that anybody in the world can read them. And a while ago it was kind of easy to do that. The configurations may have been, you know, a little bit misunderstood. Maybe new users were in there adding data into S3 buckets or, you know, administering their AWS accounts and they didn't necessarily know what was going on and they accidentally made their S3 bucket public, which means that all the objects can be read. Now, for the most part, that is the result of a lot of data breaches that happened and I wouldn't even call it a breach. I would call it. I accidentally shared all my data to the Internet. Right? I wouldn't necessarily say it was a security breach by any means. It was just a misconfiguration that allowed the public to read all of that data. So one thing that has done in the last several years is they've made it a lot more clear to the user when you are making objects or a bucket publicly accessible. So now when you're going to make an object public or a bucket public, you've got bells and whistles that go off saying, Are you sure you want to do this? This is going to make it public. Anybody can read this data. ET cetera. So they've been doing a much better job of making it 100% clear that what you're doing is going to make this data publicly accessible. All right. Now, one of those features is S3 Block public access, and it's going to help us with all the things we just talked about, Right. Objects and buckets being made public. This has resulted in organizations, you know, exposing data that wasn't meant to be shared. And then finally, like I said, Amazon started making changes to S3, where it makes you more aware that objects are going to be public and helps prevent configuration mistakes. So now by default, new buckets and the access points and objects don't allow public access due to S3 block Public access. Now this is a feature that's enabled in S3 now, and you can enable it or disable it based upon your needs. So again, you can enable block public access settings for access points, buckets or an entire AWS account. If you are using an AWS account for your organization and your organization never shares data through S3 right. You can easily enable block public access for the entire account or for an entire organization just to make sure that, well, a user can't accidentally share your data. And this gives you more confidence by ensuring that users can't accidentally make your buckets public. Now, the one thing that Amazon S3 doesn't support is block public access settings on a per object basis. All right. It's per bucket. It's per account or access points. So what does this actually look like when you log in to AWS? Well, in the Amazon S3 console, there's an option over here on the left called Block Public Access Settings for this account. And you can see by checking that check mark on the top there, it's going to block all public access. It's going to block people from being able to modify ACLs by making them public. It's going to block people from allowing public access through access points and other bucket policies. So by clicking on that block all public access, you can ensure that your buckets will. Will never be public. Now, if you don't click that top one, you can individually choose what. Settings that you want by the four at the bottom there. So if you know what's going on and you're strong with Amazon S3 or you've gone through this course and you understand all about ACLs and access points and all that good stuff, then you can make your individual decisions using those different rules at the bottom here. All right. So beyond the S3 block, public access, we also talked about default encryption, which is another default for your buckets. Now, this is something that was new in 2023. So up until 2023, Amazon did not automatically encrypt your object when they were uploaded. Now for a while you had the ability to set a default encryption for a bucket and then before that there was actually no default on there, right? So anytime you uploaded an object to S3, you had to individually choose if you want to encrypt that object or not. So now at the beginning of 2023, all new objects uploaded are automatically encrypted. Now the default that Amazon S3 is going to use is going to be server side encryption, SSE using Amazon S3 managed Keys. So that's where you see the Green SSC Dash S3 and that's going to be our base level encryption for every bucket. If you want to use KMS, which I generally recommend, you can actually change the default encryption to SSE dash kms and that's if you want more control over your keys, if you want rotation or be able to modify policies or those kind of things. So we'll talk more about encryption in a protecting data section later on in the course. All right. So continuing on with default encryption, if a put request headers don't include encryption information, then Amazon S3 is going to use that buckets default encryption configuration in order to automatically encrypt our objects. Now, if when you're uploading an object, you're doing a put if those request headers include encryption information, then S3 is going to use that information to encrypt objects before storing them, right? It won't use the default encryption. So if you don't provide it with information about encryption, it'll automatically use it using the default configuration If you do provide headers, right. In terms of how you want that object to be encrypted, it will use that information instead of the default encryption. So again, there's a lot more information about encryption in the protecting your data in S3 section later on in the course.