Now we're moving on to working with our buckets. We understand how to create a bucket name, a bucket and some of the default configurations. Let's talk about some additional configurations that are made available to us. So after you create a bucket, you have the ability to change a lot more properties about that bucket and how it functions. Now you have what's called bucket properties and these properties allow you to change all the different settings for the bucket and how S3 manages all the objects that are stored inside of your bucket. Now some of these configurations include things like bucket versioning tags, default encryption server access, logging, cloudtrail data events, event notifications, transfer accelerations, object lock requester pays, and static website hosting. This is only some of the configuration changes that you can make to a bucket. So we're going to talk about each one of these throughout this course because it is an Amazon S3 deep dive course. I want to make sure that we touch on all the features here. But again, this kind of showcases the breadth and depth of all the configurations that you can make to a bucket. What does this actually look like when you go into a bucket here? You can click on your bucket and you can see there's a properties tag in here. So you can click on that properties tab and then you have all of the properties that are listed down there. So if you scroll down like in this screenshot, you would see all the things we talked about bucket versioning tags, static website hosting, versioning, all that good stuff are all inside of our properties tab here. So we understand that we're going to be able to upload and write and move data around. But what happens if we want to empty a bucket? So Amazon supports this feature called emptying a bucket emptying a bucket since deletes all the objects, but you actually can keep the bucket. It's kind of like having a gallon of water. If you dump it out on the ground, you still have your bucket, but all the water is now gone. If you empty an S3 bucket, all your data is deleted, but you still keep that bucket. Keeping that bucket can be important because we talked about that global name. You may not want to get rid of that name, so you may want to keep that bucket. Maybe that name is being referenced in applications and automation and all that good stuff. So you want to keep that name, but you just want to get rid of the data. Well, emptying a bucket allows you to do that. Now, once you do that, the operation can't be undone, means all the data is gone. And that means all versions of all objects are going to be deleted in there. Now, we'll talk about versioning later on, but if you do empty a bucket, basically everything's gone. There's no retrieving that unless you have that stored somewhere else. Emptying a bucket and deleting a bucket are two different things. So that's why I wanted to break them out here. Now, if you delete a bucket, that means the bucket is gone. You actually lose access to that global name. You no longer are guaranteed that name. The bucket leaves is no longer in your account. Now, one caveat here is when you delete a bucket, the bucket must be empty of all objects. You must empty the bucket or manually delete the data inside of a bucket first and then you can actually delete it. Remember, you give up the name when you delete a bucket, which means anybody else can go use that name. So if you want to keep that name, remember empty the bucket. If you want to keep the name, if you don't care about it, maybe it's some randomly generated name. Maybe it's just something you don't care about anymore. Then you can go ahead and delete that bucket. So two different things here. What does this look like? Well, if you go and click on Delete Under your Bucket here, click on the bucket on the left and you click on Delete. It's going to say, Hey, this bucket is not empty. Buckets must be empty before you can delete it. That means I had data inside of that bucket when I click on that delete button. And so what I can do is go delete that data and then finally I can come in here and type in the bucket name, say Delete Bucket, and it's gone. So one thing to keep in mind, Amazon will remind you if you're trying to delete a bucket and it is not empty. Now, one of the reasons I do showcase this specifically is because when a lot of folks are using automation to create buckets as part of maybe a project or something like that, and they're sending logs to that bucket and then they say, You know what, I don't need this project anymore. I'm going to delete it. And I don't care about the S3 bucket either. Well, if you're using like TerraForm or CloudFormation or some other infrastructure as code and you try to delete that bucket and it is not empty, well that stack will fail. That delete will fail because the bucket is not empty. So you must go delete that data first before your TerraForm or CloudFormation or whatever will successfully delete the bucket. So something to keep in mind there. And that's the reason I bring it up.