Now that we know all about buckets and a lot of the configurations and how to create it and name it and all that good stuff, let's talk about objects here. Now, any time we have a file that's uploaded to a bucket, well, the files are called objects. An object is the basic unit of data inside of S3. It can be a file or a collection of data that we upload. Remember earlier when I talked about the different files you can store in Amazon S3? These would all be objects inside of our S3 bucket. So in my example here I've got image dot PNG vacation MP4. Maybe it's a video I took while I was on vacation and then maybe an order pdf from a customer order or something like that. Different types of objects. These are all files inside of our bucket. So quick object overview. I know we talked about this at the very beginning of the course, but this is just merely a reminder. Since we're going over objects, our individual objects can be up to five terabytes in size. So we can store as many of those as we want, but the maximum size for each object can be five terabyte. Remember, we have unlimited storage. There's no maximum bucket size or limit to the number of objects we can store in our bucket. So in our account, if we just had a single bucket called Amazon S3 Deepdyve or your name or whatever you want to call it, that bucket is like bottomless. We can put as much data inside of the bucket as we want to, or as many files or objects inside of it. And finally, as a reminder, we have right after read consistency for our new objects. So when we write data, we're going to immediately get the newest version of that. And then we have strong reads for updates. Again, if you update a version of an object as soon as you read that object. So if it's like right after you upload a new version, you're always going to get the latest version of that. Let's talk about storing objects. Amazon S3 is the object store. We talked about that several times now, but it uses unique key values to allow you to store as many objects as you want to. Now, any time we upload an object to S3, we get all of these key value pairs here. We get a key, which is the name of the object. A lot of times you think about that as the file name. That becomes the key. We have a version ID. Now, this is a unique string every time I upload an object. So if I have my vacation MP4 and then I upload the raw video and then I pulled it down and I edit it and I uploaded a new version of vacation MP4. Well, each one of those would have a unique version id, maybe version one, maybe version two. Each one would have a unique string per object. Each one is going to have a value, which is essentially the data that you're storing. And finally, you can have metadata that you create about your content or your objects. So let's talk about object names here. So when we upload an object, of course we're going to put it inside of a bucket. Now again, we have our bucket name, Amazon, S3, Deepdive. And inside of our bucket, I'm putting a new object called Bryant PNG. Maybe it's a fancy new picture that I took with a local photographer. So when I upload that picture of myself, I'm going to get an AWS Uri and that coincides directly with our object so that Uri is going to be S3, colon slash, slash, Amazon S3, Deepdive because that's the bucket name slash Bryant PNG. That's our object key. Now we're also going to get an Arn. We talked about how we had an Arn for our bucket earlier. Well, each object that we upload is also going to have its own Arn. In this case, you can see the first part. Well, it matches our bucket arn identically Arn AWS S3, Amazon S3 Deepdive. That was our Arn for our bucket. But now for our object inside of that bucket we have that same thing. But Slash Bryant PNG, that's our Arn for this specific object. And finally, we also get an object URL that's associated with this object too. Now this is going to help if you want to access this object publicly. So if you have a bucket and you make this object public for some reason, you want other people to access it, well, you can access it using this URL. So https colon slash, slash Amazon S3 deep dive notice, that's our bucket name. And then we have Amazon's piece of the URL, which is s3.amazon.com slash. And then we have our object name which is Bryan dot PNG there. So that is the object. So you can see anytime you upload an object, not only do we have all of our key values that we talked about before with our key and our metadata and all that good stuff, but we also have plenty of different ways that we can access our object as well. All right, Let's talk about Amazon. S3 Strong consistency. Now, we mentioned this a couple of times throughout the course. So S3 is built for strong read after write consistency. That means after a successful write of a new object in S3, or if you're overwriting or deleting an existing object, any subsequent read requests immediately receives the latest version of the object. There's no wait time. By the time we upload a new object or we overwrite or update an existing object, we will always immediately receive the latest version of the object. Now fun fact down here. S3 used to only support eventual consistency for updates, and that would mean that if I had an object uploaded say Brian dot PNG and then I read it, I would always get that first version because that was the first time I wrote that file. But if I uploaded a new version of Brian Dot PNG, maybe it was a fancy new picture. Maybe the old one was a couple years old and I took a new one. If I uploaded that new one and I try to read it immediately, I may actually get the older version because that newer version hadn't been replicated across all the devices inside of S3. So now you actually get immediate access to the latest version. Anytime you read an object, no matter how fast that subsequent read is after that upload. So it's something to keep in mind public versus private. So I've mentioned this a few times already. Objects can be publicly accessible or they can be privately accessible. And by publicly accessible, I mean that anybody in the world can access your object over the public internet using that URL that we saw earlier. If you upload an object or you make your entire bucket public, which makes all of the objects inside of the bucket public. Anybody can access that over the public Internet. Now, of course, if you don't enable public access, you have no object access from the Internet. So if you are a user at home and you're trying to access that over the Internet, you don't have access to it. Now, keep in mind that that doesn't mean that I don't have access to it using. The AWS CLI or the AWS API where I'm providing credentials to my AWS account so I can read and write data inside of my bucket. That's not what I mean here. I mean unauthenticated access where anybody can access that. That's what I mean by accessing the object over the public internet. So private objects, we obviously know what public is now accessing that over the public internet unauthenticated just by hitting a URL. Well, private objects means that I can store as much data inside of my bucket as I want and I can access all those objects through all of the other AWS services that I'm consuming inside of my account or other accounts that I manage, or even a partner's account that I've provided access to. So again, this is accessing our objects through private means, not over the public internet, but through other services. So if I have a lambda that needs access to data inside of my bucket, we can easily do that. If I need Cloudwatch to write data to my bucket, we can do that. It can be a private bucket, meaning it doesn't allow public access. And of course that means all the services can still read and write data from that bucket. By the way, as I mentioned before, it also means that as a user at home, I can also access that bucket using my API access or CLI access. So again, that's going through the cloud but am authenticated in that means it's just like a Dropbox or something like that where if you make a object public, anybody in the world can read it. But if you don't only I can access it or people have given access to can access it because they have the required credentials to access that data. So I just want to be sure that you're clear in terms of making an object or bucket public versus private and what services or who can actually access the data inside of that bucket.