Let's continue on and talk about how we add objects to our bucket. Now we already know that an object's key will uniquely identify the object and it will create our path to that object. But what if we have a lot of objects inside of our bucket and we want to organize it in some way? That way it's easier to find those objects when we go looking for it. Well, S3 objects can use what's called a prefix to represent a folder structure very similar to like a Linux file system or a Windows file system. We can use this prefix, which is actually the forward slash delimiter in order to represent our folder structure. Now, any objects that don't have a prefix as part of the object name will appear to be at the root of an S3 bucket. So if you look at our examples at the bottom here, I have the first one is Amazon S3 Deepdive PDF. Now that one exists at the root level because we don't have a forward slash delimiter in there. Now the bottom one, we have cloud slash slash architecture dot PNG. Now that one's actually using the cloud slash AWS prefix. And finally in the middle here we have development slash my project dot xls x and that one is actually using the development prefix. So that's how we can use the forward slash in order to really group and create what represents a file structure inside of our bucket. Continuing on with our deep dive into S3, I wanted to address a common misconception about the use of directories within S3. Now, it's crucial to understand that even though you can use the forward slash delimiter inside of your key, S3 doesn't inherently support the concept of directories within buckets. It's a totally flat environment where each object resides at the same level. Now, when you see a slash in an object key, it's not necessarily indicating a folder or directory, as you might initially think. The key name simply includes the forward slash as part of that key name is simply treated as any other character. It doesn't necessarily signify any kind of hierarchy relationship. So, for example, consider this S3 object key in the middle here. Amazon S3 Deepdive slash cloud slash slash architecture dot PNG. So here cloud and are not folders or directories they're simply part of the key name for the architecture dot PNG object. So are the forward slash delimiters. It's just treated as any other character. Now lastly, a quick disclaimer here, although we just talked about this, the S3 user interface, when you log into the AWS console, it does make it appear that there are directories or folders because, well, it literally says create a folder and it gives you the ability to create a folder. But again, it's just a visual aid. It's really just a way to help users organize and visualize their data more effectively, does not reflect an actual directory structure within the bucket. Let's discuss all the different ways that we can upload objects to our Amazon S3 Bucket. Now these different methods will offer flexibility allowing you to choose like which one best suits your specific need and circumstances. Now one of the simplest ways to upload an object to S3 is just by using our AWS console, our UI. Now the console is going to provide us with like this user friendly graphic interface that makes uploading files very straightforward. It's just clicking a few buttons. You've probably use something very similar to this, similar to like a Google Drive or one drive or Dropbox or something like that. Few files drag and drop. Most of the time all that works. So this is really just an excellent option if you're managing small number of files or just performing kind of one off upload. So I use it quite frequently, but what if you really need to like automate the upload process or I don't know, handle large volumes of files? Now in these scenarios you have other tools at your disposal. You can upload objects to S3 programmatically using something like the AWS SDK, the rest API or AWS CLI. Now these tools really give you like greater control and automation capabilities, which can be essential for large scale or complex tasks if you are doing that. And finally, down here at the bottom there's the multi-part upload option. So this option lets you upload a single object in parts, hence the name, which this can be beneficial for large files. If you're dealing with network latency or instability, instead of uploading the entire object all at one time, what's going to happen is the object is divided into smaller parts, multi-part. That's why it's called multi-part upload. And then each one of those is going to be uploaded independently. So this not only improves the upload speed because we can upload multiple parts of the object at the same time, but it also provides us a way to resume an upload at the point of interruption and that allows us to, well, not have to start over from the beginning if some of our file failed. Normally, if you have one very large object and it's going to take hours to upload or something like that, maybe it's a very large database backup file, something like that, and you want to upload that to S3. Well, if it fails in the middle, guess what? You got to start all over. If you use multi-part upload, it'll break that one object up into multiple parts. It'll send those across the wire. And if some of them work and some of them don't, we can just simply restart the ones that didn't upload. We don't have to start from scratch. So whether you're using the AWS console for simplicity or you decide to use like the SDK API or CLI for automation, you can find definitely a method that best fits your needs depending on what you're trying to do with. S3 So we just discussed the various methods of uploading objects. So let's dive into an important aspect to consider when you're uploading, and that is file size limits. Now when we're using the AWS management console, the UI, it's critical to note that there's a maximum file size limit. The largest file that you can upload using the console is 160 gig. Now remember, there's a limit of five terabytes per object size in S3. However, if you're using the AWS management console, the maximum file size that you can upload is 160 GB. Now, this is a generous size limit that should suffice for uploading most of your data and most of your storage needs. But you know, it's still a limit. So if you have very large files that you need to upload, well, you can choose other methods and those other methods are the SDK, the rest API and CLI. So if you have larger files that exceed 160 gig S3 has you covered here, you can use one of these other options. Now these tools provide more powerful and flexible options for managing your data and they can handle the file substantial sizes, specifically ones over 160 gig. So again, while there is a file size limit for uploads using the management console, you can definitely use these alternative methods that allow you to handle these larger files with ease. It's all about choosing the right tool to meet your specific requirements here. The last thing I want to touch on is setting object properties during upload. So far we discussed how to upload objects and the file size limits, so I want to dive quickly into the properties we can set when you are uploading an object. So first permissions. S3 allows you set permissions on your objects and that gives you full control over who can access your data when you upload it. Now, these permissions can be configured for both AWS accounts and public access as well. And we're going to have a full section, actually multiple sections on security in this course. The next property that we can modify when we're uploading is the storage class. We already understand the storage classes and the ones that are available in S3. Obviously we have different storage classes to cater to different needs. So when you upload your object, you can choose the suitable storage class for your object during the upload process. The next one is encryption. So by default, all of our objects are encrypted. We already learned about that. However, you can choose a different encryption method if it's required during upload process. Remember, we talked about encryption earlier in this section where we said, okay, if you have the default encryption and you don't provide any encryption information, we're simply going to use the default encryption settings. But if you do provide encryption settings, well, that's what it's going to use. And that's what I'm talking about here, where you can specify the object properties, specifically encryption when you're uploading your object. The next one is additional checksums. So S3 does support additional data integrity checks. You can choose to include additional checksums. When you're uploading your object, you can add key value pair tags to your objects during the upload process. So these tags can really help you manage, search for and filter objects that are stored in your S3 bucket. And then finally, metadata. This refers to additional information we can attach to any of our objects during the upload process. Could be content type like custom user metadata, what kind of data it is? Is it private, is it confidential, is it public data? And this metadata allows you to simply manage, search for and filter your objects based upon the metadata. So to sum this up, when you're uploading an object to S3, you have the flexibility to define all these different properties to meet your requirements. This allows you to maintain control, optimize your costs, ensure data integrity and ease your data management within your S3 buckets.