So let's talk about some of the methods for accessing our object here. Now, we talked about some of the URLs and like the Arn and those kind of things earlier in the section. But I want to specifically talk about the different types of URLs that you may see. Now, the first one is called the Amazon S3 Virtual hosted style Access. And you can see the format that it follows here in the middle. So we have bucket name, we have S3, we have a region code, amazon.com/and then the key name. So if you use the object inside the bucket that we've been using in this section, we end up with https Amazon S3 Deepdive dot S3 US East 1.amazon.com/bryan.png. That would be our virtual hosted style URL that we could use to access our object. Now, the format for this one is simply S3 dot the region code dot, Amazon Aws.com. And at the end now we have our bucket name slash our key name, our object name. So if we use the same bucket and the object that we've used up until this point, we would have https slash slash s3.1.amazon.com/amazon S3 deepdive slash Brian dot PNG. Now one thing to note here is that is actually working to deprecate path style URLs. So that's why I mentioned that you should be using virtual hosted style URLs instead because ultimately these are going to go away. Now AWS has been trying to get rid of path style URLs for a long time and actually they delayed the deprecation of them because I guess so many people were using them. But keep this in mind because ultimately they are going to get rid of this style of URL. The last one I'll mention here is using our S3 URLs. Now some AWS services still require that you access a bucket using this S3 style URL, which is why I want to cover it here. Now, the format for this one is very simple. It's simply https colon slash, slash bucket name slash key name. Really, really simple. So if we take our bucket and our object that we've been working with, it would simply be S3 Colon slash slash Amazon S3 Deepdive slash Brian dot PNG. Super, super easy. I want to make sure I cover that because you may see this style of URL when you're working with different services within AWS. Now that we know how to upload it, how do we actually access our object? Well, we can access our object in multiple ways. So in this example we have our bucket called Amazon S3 Deepdive. It lives in the region of US East one and the bucket lives in account. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. Yes, I know that's not long enough because AWS accounts are 12 digits long. But just take that as an example. So inside of that account, the green account on the left, that's our account. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. Well, we can simply access our data from that account. Now, you can also allow other accounts to access your data. So we have this account in the middle. 874033187. That may be one of our accounts. That may be somebody else's account that, you know, maybe it's a business partner or maybe that's your friend or something like that. You may give them access to read or write data in your accounts. So as long as your security configuration allows that, you can have different accounts that access a bucket that lives in a different account. And then finally, we talked about allowing public access to our objects directly from the public Internet. So again, that's something to be very, very careful about. But there are use cases where you want objects to be publicly accessible. So those are three different ways that you can access that. And of course, inside of any of these two accounts, it can be any number of services that are supported in AWS, could be Lambda, it could be Cloudwatch, it could be Athena, any of those we can access from inside of our accounts.