Now that we have data uploaded into our bucket, how do we actually work with some of these objects? We have different ways that we can modify our objects. Now, the first one I want to touch on is changing the storage class of an object. We talked about that all through a couple sections ago. Each object in S3 is going to have a storage class associated with it. It's not per bucket, it's per object. You can change the storage class manually. You can use intelligent tiering that we talked about, or you can use lifecycle rules to move it between our storage classes. So by changing the storage class of your object, what it does is it creates a copy of the object with updated settings and a new last modified dates. So to do that, if we open up our bucket and we look at one of our objects called PNG. If I click on object actions, you can see I have the ability to edit the storage class here and we can go in there and choose the storage class that we need. Again, this is the way that you would choose a storage class. If you are moving from, say, a lower tier like one zone or AIA or something like that. And you wanted to go back to maybe S3 standard is the way that you would do that. You could also obviously move down the stack so you can move things from S3 Standard down to Glacier or something like that. But if you need to move up, this is the way to do it. All right. So let's talk about deleting objects now to save on costs, you should obviously delete objects that you no longer need. If these are objects that you don't care about, go ahead and delete them off of S3 to save on costs. Now you can delete any files manually using the S3 console so you can do it through the SDK, the CLI or API, any of the ways that you can access the Amazon S3 service. You should be able to manually delete files that way. Now you can also do it in an automated fashion by using something like lifecycle rules to automatically expire and delete objects for you, right? So you can say, okay, I'm going to upload a bunch of objects and after they live for 90 days, then I want you to go ahead and delete them for me so you can use lifecycle rules for that. Finally, when you delete objects, it's going to be slightly different for a version enabled bucket. We're going to briefly introduce that, but we've got a whole section on versioning here. So when you do delete an object in an S3 bucket that has versioning enabled, the object is actually not permanently removed. So if we have version one here, which is now becomes the current version, we introduce version two. Maybe these are pictures of our headshot for work. The version one was when we first started, maybe version two was a couple years down the road. So we upload a new version. We want to use that for something. Well, it becomes our current version. So anytime we read that object, we always get version two and maybe down the line, Hey, we're going to get our ten year badge and we're going to take a new picture. Now we have version three that becomes our current version. Now if you delete the object in a versioned bucket, what's going to happen is the object is not actually permanently removed. Instead, you get what's called a delete marker is added as the new version of the object. Now we actually have like four versions of the object, and the version four is essentially a delete marker. Now the delete marker becomes the current version. And what this does is it makes the object appear as if it's deleted, but the previous versions of the object are still there and we can actually retrieve them by specifying like the desired version ID in the request. So if this sounds confusing, don't worry, we're going to go over all this stuff in a future section where we're going to dive deep into versioning buckets and finally moving and copying objects around. So when you move an object in S3, you're essentially performing two operations here. So what it's going to do is it's going to copy the object to the new location either within the same bucket or to a different bucket, depending on where you're trying to copy or move the object to. And then it deletes the original object. So the copy operation here actually creates a new object with the same content metadata, access control lists all as the original, and then it performs a delete operation to remove the original object. Now note that by moving an object instead of copying it, it does not preserve the object's version ID. So if the destination bucket has versioning enabled a new version, ID is actually going to be assigned to the copied object?