In this section, we're going to talk all about managing your storage lifecycle. So managing the storage lifecycle in S3 is going to really involve handling your data over time. Now it's going to allow you to optimize your storage costs and ensure that you have effective data management when it comes to storing your objects on S3. Now, with storage lifecycle management, you can automatically move between different storage classes based on factors like usage patterns or the age of your data. This is going to help ensure that frequently accessed data is going to always be stored in their faster storage, while less frequently accessed data is going to be stored in a more cost effective manner. By automating all these transitions and defining these rules, it allows you to simplify your management of data and ensure that it is stored efficiently through its lifecycle. So what exactly is storage lifecycle? Well, it really involves managing the lifecycle of your stored data on Amazon S3 and it's an important operational task that really helps optimize your consumption of Amazon S3. So we have kind of three benefits of outlined here. The first one really focuses on data transmission and performance. So with our S3 lifecycle rules, we can automatically transition objects between different storage classes based upon their age and access patterns, as I mentioned before. Now, this ensures that frequently accessed data is stored in high performance storage, while infrequently accessed data is go ahead and move it over to our cost effective storage classes so we save on costs. And speaking of costs, one benefit of managing your storage lifecycle is of course, cost optimization. By leveraging our lifecycle rules, we can significantly reduce our storage costs by storing data in the most appropriate storage class over time. Now, this is going to help eliminate the need for manual monitoring and intervention as our rules will automatically handle our data transitions based upon our predefined criteria that we give it. And finally, expiration and deletion is a big part of this as well. Our lifecycle rules will enable you to set expiration dates for your objects or define a specific time frame after which the objects are going to be automatically deleted. This, of course, is going to help us enforce data retention policies and it's going to ensure that our data is not stored longer than necessary because, as we already know, S3 is a pay as you go solution. So the more data we store on S3, well, the more our bill is going to be. So let's check out the storage lifecycle here and see what we actually mean. So first of all, I have a timeline across the top here. And let's say it's day one. Apparently in AWS, it's always day one. But let's say today is day one and we're going to provide our initial upload of objects into S3 Standard. I'm just going to call it Object A, We're going to work with a single object right now. So we're going to upload our object into S3. Maybe we're working with the object, maybe it's a video we're editing, maybe it's photos that we're using, maybe it's data that we're processing. It doesn't really matter what it is. But what we can do is we can start managing the lifecycle of this object. So the first thing we can do is create what's called a lifecycle rule. And this lifecycle rule is going to say, you know what, I want to transition this data over to Standard-ia after, I don't know, 45 days. So day 45, our object is moved over to Standard-ia. So now our object lives in Standard-ia. We have that cost reduction. So next what we can do is also set up another lifecycle rule. This lifecycle rule is going to say, You know what? After 90 days, I want to go ahead and transition this data from Standard-ia over to Glacier because we're probably not using it very often and we want to go ahead and continue saving on our storage costs so we create a new lifecycle rule says Transition to Glacier. And on day 90, our object gets moved over to Glacier and we're taking advantage of that ridiculously low cost of storing data on Glacier. And finally, you know what? After a year, maybe we don't even need that data any longer. We want to keep it around just long enough, just in case. Maybe we want to reference it later. But after a year, we're pretty comfortable that we can go ahead and delete that data so we can create another lifecycle rule that says after one year, go ahead and delete our data, go ahead and expire our data Now inside of a lifecycle policy, when you delete an object, they call it expire data. It expires after a certain date and then we want to go ahead and delete it. So on day 365, our object is deleted from storage and we no longer have to pay for that on any storage class. So hopefully this gives you a good overview of how you manage the lifecycle of your objects. Again, we want to keep it over on the left S3 standard if we're using our object and. Then we can continue moving it to the right to save on costs as our object is used less and less frequently. And then finally, ultimately, we can delete our data using lifecycle policies. We've talked a lot about transition. What in the world is a transition? So transition is really the process of moving or expiring an object or objects based upon a pre-configured period of time. So when I say moving, it really means moving an object between storage classes in S3 We're not copying it. We're actually moving it from one standard to another tier. And when I say expiring, that's really just deleting. That means we're going to expire our data, It means we're going to delete it. So I want to make sure that if you see these terms, you know exactly what we're talking about down here On the example. Any time we actually have a transition, we're moving objects from one storage class to another, as well as expiring our data at the bottom. What are our supported transitions, moving our data around in S3 across our different storage classes? Well, if you start up at the top here, we have S3 standard in purple and we can set up a rule to move it to any tier that we want. It's supported to move it to any tier. Now as we move to the right, we're moving to those other storage classes. Notice that we can move any of our data as we continue to the right. So say right in the middle, the one zone IA lifecycle policies will allow you to move it to Glacier Instant Glacier flexible or glacier deep dive. However, notice that we cannot go up. Lifecycle policies only support transitions to move to the right to move to lower tiers. The cheaper tiers lifecycle policies do not give us the ability to actually move up. If we actually want to move up to a different tier, we can actually just manually do it. We can do it with the CLI or API or something like that. We can also do it with, say, S3 batch operations. But when we're talking about storage lifecycle and lifecycle policies or rules, we do not support moving up. We're only going to be able to move down. When we talk about transitions and setting up our different rules, we can limit the scope of our objects so we can transition all the objects in our bucket. So we want to say, you know what, everything in this bucket, I want to go ahead and move that to a different storage tier. Maybe you're categorizing your buckets by project or something like that and you say, okay, we're done with this project. We want to go ahead and move this to a different tier so we can totally do that. We can also filter objects by things like our prefixes inside of our bucket object tags, which we've already learned about object size or any combination of those that we need. So across the bottom here, we have our purple boxes. Maybe we want to transition everything inside the prefix called production in the middle here, our triangles. Maybe we want to transition all of our data that's tagged with environment and development. And then finally on the right, the example here, maybe we have a combination of the object size is greater than one gig and it has a tag of video final. Maybe those are videos that we've already uploaded into our streaming service, but we still want to keep them around just in case so we can move those to like I know S3 flexible or something like so it's super cheap to store it and we probably won't be retrieving it that often. These are just examples of how you can limit the scope of what objects inside of our bucket that we move it to. Again, we can do the entire bucket or we can use these filters to filter down the data that we want to move. So we talk about all these transitions. Well, what actions can we actually take using lifecycle rules? Well, there are 5 or 6 different ones here that are listed. The first one is move current versions of objects between storage classes. And the key word here is current versions. Again, remember, buckets can be versioned, buckets can be non versioned. So if we have a version bucket or just a non version bucket, we can move the current version of objects to a different storage class. Now, if we have a versioned bucket and we have non current versions inside of our bucket, we've been replacing our objects and we have older versions in there. We can actually move our old non current versions to a different storage class as well. We can do that to save on costs. Now we can expire current versions of objects. Remember expire means delete. So we say, okay, after a certain time, I want to go ahead and delete these objects. We can also permanently delete non-current version of objects. So you can set up a lifecycle policy that says, you know, we want to continue versioning our objects, but after version ten, we don't care about that. So if you have stuff that's older than that, well, we can go ahead and get rid of it. And finally we can delete expired object delete markers or incomplete multi-part uploads. So if we have a bunch of objects that have a delete marker in there, we can get rid of those or we can delete multi. Part uploads that were incomplete. That's just data that's being stored on our S3 bucket that's just costing us money and we're probably not using it. We can set up a lifecycle policy in order to do that as well. So these are really the five actions that we can perform when you are going to configure a lifecycle rule on your bucket. So we mentioned expiring objects. Again, expiring objects is really just a fancy way to say delete my object based upon the number of days since the object was written to our storage. Now again, we have non version buckets and we have version buckets and they're handled a little bit differently. When we set up a lifecycle rule that says Expire our objects. So on the left we have a non versioned bucket. So we have an object in our non version bucket and we say, okay, we want to expire the data. Well when we set up a rule and it goes and deletes our data, well that object is just deleted, permanently removed from the bucket. We now have to worry about versions because this is a non version bucket. Now on the right we have version buckets and we have an object inside of this version bucket. When we set up a rule to expire objects in a version bucket, what it actually does is add a delete marker as the latest version of each of those objects. We already learned about versioning, and you know that. Now if we go to that bucket and say, I need this object, S3 is going to be like, You know what? That's kind of gone. It's really not. There's just a delete marker there, but we can add a delete marker to all of our objects. So it looks like that object is now deleted. Again, expiring objects handled a little bit differently between non version buckets and version buckets. So it's important to keep that in mind a little bit more about lifecycle transitions here. You cannot transition from any storage class back up to S3 Standard Class again, we can't go up. We can only go down. We cannot transition any storage class to the reduced redundancy storage. Again, reduced redundancy storage Is that storage class that we don't really talk about? It's an old version of a storage class that's not really used, but I guess Amazon still has customers that are using it, so it's still kind of there. But ultimately we don't want to use reduced redundancy. We have other classes that we use instead. We can't transition from S3 Intelligent-tiering up to S3 standard IA. Again, that's going up. We can only go down. And finally, we cannot transition from something like one zone IA to the ones above again, Intelligent-tiering Standard IA S3 Glacier Instant retrieval. We cannot move from IA to those storage classes Now, before you transition objects to S3 standard IA or one zone IA, we've got to store them for at least 30 days in Amazon S3 Standard. So, for example, we cannot create a lifecycle rule to transition objects to S3 standard IA storage class one day after you create them. S3 is not going to support that transition within the first 30 days because newer objects are often accessed more frequently or deleted sooner than is suitable for IA or one own IA. Now, when you're using storage classes like S3 Standard or One Zone IA, again, don't forget that there is a minimum charge for storing your data for at least 30 days. Now, due to this, it's important to note that you cannot create a single lifecycle rule that transitions data from IA or one zone IA to glacier flexible or glacier deep dive. If the transition to glacier occurs within less than 30 days of the initial transition to IA or one's own IA. So a few different rules in there. Just keep in mind that our transition still has to follow our minimum storage policies and you're still going to have those minimum charges for storing data on some of those storage classes. Now last thing I want to touch on here is transition conflicts. Now you can create a bunch of different rules to move data however you want, and maybe those rules conflict with each other. Maybe you have a rule that says, okay, move this data over to this storage class or expire this data. What happens if those rules kick off at the same time? And there is a conflict? Well, any time you have a conflict, any kind of rule that's going to delete or expire data is going to take precedence over transitions. A transition is going to take precedence over creating delete markers. So it's going to keep your data instead of putting those delete markers in there. And finally, Glacier Flexible is going to be prioritized over standard IA. If for some reason an object is eligible for moving to both Glacier flexible Retrieval and S3 Standard IA, Amazon S3 is going to choose S3 Glacier flexible Transition, so it's going to move it to Glacier instead of standard IA. So these are just the general rules that you want to keep in mind if in fact you have a transition conflict and how Amazon S3 is going to handle that. So hopefully this was useful. Learning all about storage lifecycle and managing our objects inside of our bucket. Again, helpful to ensure performance. Helpful to ensure cost optimization and ensuring that our data lives on the proper storage class to ensure cost reduction and performance. So that's it for this one. We're going to jump into the console and we're going to play around with lifecycle rules a little bit and showcase how it's going to move our data based upon the criteria that we provided.