All right, let's create some lifecycle rules for our objects inside of our bucket. So on the screen, I'm back in our Amazon S3 console, and you can see I have a list of our buckets. Now, of course, we've been working with this Amazon S3 dive bucket, so we're going to work with that one when we create our lifecycle rules. So I'm going to go ahead and go into the bucket here. And in order to create a lifecycle rule, you're going to go underneath of the management tab here. And the very first one says lifecycle rules. So we're going to create a lifecycle rule here. And what we'll do is we're going to say move objects between classes. And then what we're going to do is keep our role scope. We're going to apply this to all of the objects in the bucket. Now, Oliver objects are simply in the root of the bucket. Right now we don't have any prefixes and we're not going to use any filters like tags or anything like that. So we'll go ahead and apply it to the entire bucket and we'll go ahead and confirm it here. Now, if we scroll down the lifecycle actions, right, this is what we want to happen inside of our bucket to our objects. So because we don't have versioning enabled on this bucket, I'm just simply going to choose move current versions of objects between storage classes. And the first thing we want to do is we want to move all of our objects from standard over to a after 30 days. So we're going to choose a storage class transition here. We're going to leave it on standard and we're going to choose 30 days. All right. Now, the cool thing about a lifecycle action is we can actually have multiple transition within a single rule. So I'm going to click on add Transition here. And what we'll do is we will choose Glacier instant retrieval. And then maybe after 180 days, we want to move things from standard over to Glacier, right? So after 30, it's going to move from S3 standard over to standard Standard-ia And then after 180 days, it's going to move it from Standard-ia over to instant retrieval. So that's what we have set up here. So before we click Create Rule, let's look at this review transition and expiration actions. So day zero, our objects are uploaded and it's going to start counting up to 30. Once it hits day 30, we're going to move our objects to Standard A and then after day 180 objects are going to be moved to Glacier instant retrieval. So that's what's going to happen when we create this rule. So we create this rule. And now you can see that we have this new lifecycle rule that's been created and enabled on our bucket. Again, you can see the name we created here. The status is enabled, the scope is entire bucket and you can see the current version actions, right? Transition to standard, then glacier instant retrieval. All right. So that's the simplest way to create a lifecycle rule in order to automatically move your objects between storage classes based upon a predefined rule that you create inside of each of these lifecycle rules. Now, of course, we know we can create multiple lifecycle rules on this same bucket. So if we wanted to create another lifecycle rule, we could go ahead and do that and we would want to make sure that it didn't conflict with our other lifecycle rules. So there weren't any issues with moving our data around.