All right. So the next topic that we're going to discuss is Amazon S3 Select and Glacier Select. Now, these are services that are going to enable you to retrieve a subset of your data from storage without needing to retrieve the entire object. Now, by doing so, this can significantly reduce the amount of data that's transferred out of S3 and therefore it improves your performance and it reduces your costs. Now, S3 Select is especially useful when you need access to specific data from very large objects. It's going to allow you to use something like simple SQL expressions to pinpoint the exact piece of data that you're after. Now, on the other hand, Glacier Select is for data that's stored in Glacier. Now, Glacier Select is going to allow you to run queries on data archived in Glacier without having to restore that entire archive. Now, both of these are going to provide you with a more efficient means to extract data from your storage objects and archives without needing to retrieve the entire content. Again, the idea is to save both time and reduce costs. So let's understand the real issue here. Say, for example, we have a data analytics bucket and inside of this bucket we have many large objects. In this case, we have one very large object represented by the triangle here. Now, this data is something that we're going to perform some data analytics on. Now, if we want to perform data analytics, even on a subset of that data with our data analytics application, what we need to do right now is retrieve the entire object and then the entire object is sent back to the data analytics application. And then from there we can use the application to really narrow down what we want to perform some data analytics on and ultimately get our results. Now the problem here is that on the data analytics app side, if we know the subset of data that we want to perform analytics on and we know where that is in our bucket, right? It's part of that large file. Well, right now we have to pay for the transfer costs of that entire large object because we transferred that entire object from our S3 bucket. So we have to pay for the transfer cost of that large object and we have to pay for the request. Well, what we can do is use S3 Select, or we can use Glacier Select to filter down to the data that we need. So in this case, again, we have our bucket with our large object here and we have our data analytics application. Well, what we can do is from our data analytics application, instead of retrieving the entire large object, we can retrieve specific data from that specific object. So we can use SQL statements to say, You know what, I only want these rows or these columns or this type of data out of that object. I don't need the entire object. All right. So what we're going to do is build a filter down the results and only send back that requested data. Right? Only a subset of that large object. So we don't have to move that entire large object over. We only move a small subset of the data that we need. So in this case, we can filter the data by using rows and columns, using simple SQL statements, and that allows us to reduce the costs of our requests because now we're just moving minimal data from S3 right? We don't have to move that very large object. We only move a small part of it. So a few more things about S3 Select and Glacier Select. Again, sometimes we don't need all the data in an object, so imagine having a way to peek inside of your data and just really grab the bits that you need so we can do that using our SQL statements. Now the SQL statement that's supported is the select command, right? That's the only SQL Statement command that is supported. Now, this command, again, is sort of like, I don't know, a magnifying glass allowing us to really zoom in on the specific data within an S3 object. We can filter out all the unnecessary data that we don't need and only retrieve the data that we need. Now, this can be done with objects in different formats such as CSV, Json or Apache parquet. Now these objects can even be compressed with GZip or Bzip2, and you can still use those SQL statements to get the data that we need from those objects. However, there is a small catch here. SQL statements cannot be used to query objects that are a part of your intelligent-tiering archive and deep archive tiers. So if you're using Intelligent-tiering and your data lives on your archive or deep archive tier, well we can't use S3 select in order to grab that data. If your data lives in glacier flexible retrieval or glacier deep archive. Well, we can't use Glacier Select to get that data. It's got to be in glacier instant retrieval. And by the way, you can't use it against reduce redundancy storage, which is again, that's the storage class. That's pretty much. We don't really talk about it. It's still there, but nobody uses it. But I just want to make sure that you understand that if for some reason you're still using reduce redundancy storage, you cannot use S3 Select for that either. All right. So quick lecture on Amazon, S3 Select and Glacier Select just to make sure you understand what it is and why you would use it. Hopefully that was useful. And we'll see you in the next video.