All right. Let's take a look at object tagging here. Now, we already know that we can tag our individual buckets with tags as we need. So if we open up our bucket here and then scroll down here, we have tags right here. So these are specific bucket tags that you can use to track storage costs and organize your buckets. So if you wanted to add a specific tag here, you could say cost center equals I don't know it, right. And save changes there. So we can add a specific tag to the bucket. Now that doesn't tag the objects inside of the bucket that just tags the bucket itself. So let's go back to our buckets here and we're going to go into our deep dive. And of course, we have all of our objects here. And what we can do is start tagging individual objects. Maybe we have objects inside this bucket where we only want developers to access. All right. So maybe our avatar dot PNG and our book PNG, we only want developers to access that. So if we open up our object and click on it, and then if we go to properties and go all the way down to tags, we can actually tag our specific objects. So in here we would add edit to add a new tag here, add tag and we can say environments equals development. So we can add multiple tags in here if we want to. Again, cost center equals it. Maybe we can put confidential is false so we can add a bunch of tags on a specific object so we can save changes on there. So we've added our tags. All right, let's close that out. And of course, we're on our object here if we scroll down. Now we can see our individual tags, the Keys, our environment confidential and cost center and the value for each development false it. All right. So that's how you add tags to a specific object here. Now, if you want to add tags to multiple objects, we can, of course, click here and Jpeg and here, and then we can do actions and we can do edit tags right here and we can add specific tags to all three of those objects. All right. So if we do environments is development, we add another tag. Confidential is false, and maybe that's good enough for us. All right. So if we scroll down and of course, you see the three objects that we're going to add the tag on, we hit save changes and we've just added tags to all three of those images. So if we scroll down and find which one it was, I think it was maybe this one go down to tags and there we go. We just added tags to this specific object. Now again, the benefit of tags is that we can start limiting access to our objects based upon those tags. So for example, if we went up to Iam and click on Iam and then we're going to create a new policy. So we'll create policy here. And then we're going to do is select Json because I already have the Json pre-written. So I'm going to delete that and we'll go over here and you can see that I have a policy already. So this is an example policy. What we need to do is get rid of principal. We'll delete that in there. The action is S3 get object. The resource is Amazon S3 Deepdive slash star, which means anything inside of the bucket only if it has a tag of environment as the key with a value of development. All right. So we're going to copy this and we're going to paste that in here. And what we're going to do is get rid of principal, because that doesn't apply here. And now we have our policy. So ID is example policy. We have the effect of allow the action is S3 get object. The resource is going to be our bucket with any object, right? We have the slash star, which is a wild card. It means anything inside that bucket and we will only get access to all objects inside the bucket if that object has a tag key of environments with a value of development. All right. So we go over here, click next, we're going to provide a name. So access to dev objects. And then we'll scroll down and say, create policy. Now what we can do is provide this policy to any of our users. So if we were using Iam or we're using SSL or we're using an IDP in order to access our AWS account, we can assign this particular policy to our users and then they would only be able to access objects inside of S3 that have that specific tag that we added to it with environments and development. So that's how we tag our objects and that's how we use those tags for security purposes to limit who can access those objects inside of our S3 bucket.