All right, Welcome to the Next Student Challenge, where we are going to start working with our objects. So let's take a look at our student challenge. So marketing is requesting a copy of the world map Jpeg file so they can make updates to the home page. However, your Help desk just issued you a new laptop and you need to download the file directly from S3 so you can send it over to the marketing team. A few other things in here we need to take care of The cloud Engineering team has been notified that the transportation stats dot CSV is actually an older version and it's asked you to delete it from the bucket. And finally, the accounting department is complaining that they cannot properly allocate costs to certain departments due to the lack of tags on our S3 buckets. Now they have standardized on a tag key of cost center and they've allocated each department an identifier to be used on tag resources. Marketing just happens to be 0884. So the instructions for this one will start off at the top. Use the AWS console or the CLI to download the world map Jpeg file from the bucket. So let's go over to our bucket here and we're going to go find our world map. I believe that was under home page. And here's a world map here. So we click on our object here. Now we can click on Open to actually view our world map here. All right. However we want to download it, we can simply do download right here and it's going to download it in our browser. All right. So that's the easiest way we can do it. There are other ways you can do it as well. If, for instance, the object was public, you could click on this URL right here, but it is not public. So we get an access denied. And you can also go back here, click on world map and you should be able to download it using the button right here for download. Okay, so multiple ways we can go retrieve objects. Now of course, if you are retrieving objects from an application or an EC2 instance or something like that, we can definitely go and use the Sri. All right, so we be able to use the S3, Amazon Deepdive bucket, blah blah blah. And then world map Jpeg. We'll be able to use that, especially if you're using like the AWS CLI and things like that. All right. So that's the easiest way to download and we've successfully downloaded the object. All right, So let's go back to the bucket here. Let's check out our next requirement. So store the file locally on your system. Cool. We did that. Now we need to go delete the transportation stats dot csv file from the bucket. So we go back into the bucket and I believe that was under data. And here's our file here. We can simply click it right here and do delete and it's going to ask us if we want to delete it at the bottom. We're going to type in delete and we're going to say delete objects. Now keep in mind that since we have versioning enabled on this bucket, another way we could have done this is instead of deleting the file is we could have simply overwritten that file with a newer version and it would have kept multiple versions of that file. And when we retrieve it, it would have always retrieved the latest version. However, we haven't gotten to versioning yet, so we won't do that in this challenge. All right. So we're going to close that out and notice that the object is now gone. All right. So let's go back to our website and finally tag the newly created website bucket with the proper tag to indicate the cost should be absorbed by the marketing department. All right. So let's scroll back up here. Looks like we have a tag key of cost center, so I'm going to go ahead and highlight that and copy it. So let's go into our bucket now in order to tag our bucket, we're going to go under properties and then we're going to scroll down and find tags right here. This tag is going to tag it directly to the bucket and not the individual objects. So I'm going to click on edit and we're going to add tag here. The key is going to be our cost center, and our value here is going to be that 0884 indicates that it is the marketing team and we can click on Save Changes. So now if we scroll down again, we have one tag associated with this bucket cost center and 0884. Now again, this tags the bucket directly. It doesn't necessarily tag the individual objects. If you want to tag the objects, you can go into objects. You can click on one of the objects here. You can scroll down and you can find tags specific for that object. All right. So if you wanted to add a tag to this specific object, you would do it underneath of the individual object. All right. So I think that wraps up this student challenge and this student challenge. We were able to download files directly from S3, We deleted a file and then we also went and tagged the bucket with a specific tag key and a value to indicate that this is a marketing bucket and they should absorb the costs for our accounting department.