Welcome back, in this module we are going to look at how we can use Power BI to connect to Azure Databricks and get the data from databricks to create reports. Just to set the expectations, we're not going to be creating any reports here and I'm not going to be teaching about BI in this lesson. The primary objective of this lesson is to show you how you can connect Power BI to Databricks. For those of you who are not familiar with Power BI, Power BI is a tool from Microsoft that helps to develop BI reports and it can connect to a number of data sources and it's got quite a lot of visualization options available. So it's one of the widely used tools to create BI reports. So if you're looking to download the Power BI desktop version, it is free from Microsoft website and you can get it from powerbi.microsoft.com/downloads. And this is the one we want, Microsoft Power BI desktop and you can either click download and that will take you to the Microsoft store and you can download from there or you can go to advanced options and then just download the executables from here. I have already downloaded Power BI here, so let me open Power BI. Okay, we can close this one. Before we carry on, I want to just tell you one more thing, which is Power BI is only available for Windows users. So if you are on a Mac or Linux, then you need to have something like a virtual box and then you can have Windows to deploy. So I'm on a mac, so I've got parallels where I have deployed the Power BI desktop. So this is the desktop user interface and as you can see here, it gives you a number of visualizations on the right hand side. These are out of the box and you can download many more custom ones as well and you can use the Get Data menu here to get data from a number of sources. So if I click on more, you're going to see quite a lot of sources being listed. So it lets you get data from so many file types, databases, Power Platform, Azure sources here and online services and quite a lot of others as well. So it's got connectors to a lot of services. And the one we're interested in is the Azure Databricks Service here. From here we can click Connect to Connect to an Azure Databricks Service. So from the Azure Databricks Service, we need a few information, we need the host name of the cluster to which we are connecting to and the HTTP path which will have the JDBC or the ODBC information. And optionally you can specify database and batch size and things like that. So let's switch to our databricks cluster and get the information we need. I'll show you how to get it. So let me go to my databricks cluster and this is the one I'm using for the course. So let me go to that one. And if you go to Advanced options under here, under JDBC/ODBC, you will get the information you need. As we saw, we need the hostname, we need the http path. So let's copy the hostname first and I'm going to put it on my desktop and then I'll get the http path as well. So you can either access it via a directory or you can import the data and use it in your reports. So I'm going to go for import and let's click Okay. And now we've got a few options here. So you can use the username password or you can use personal access token or the Azure Active Directory. So I'll show you how to use the Active Directory first and then I'll show you how to use the personal access token. So let me sign in to my Azure account. So it's connected to my Azure Active Directory and I clicked Connect and it's still waiting for the host, as you can see here. That's because the cluster we had was in terminated state, so it's restarting the cluster. So let me switch to my databricks cluster and show you. So as you can see here now, the cluster is being started and we can see that in the event log. So that's what's happened. It started at 1159 just now. So let's wait for that to get started. And then we should see the tables and databases being listed here. Okay, so the cluster is now started and Power BI has now obtained the information we needed. So it's connected to our database workspace here. And under Spark, you will see all the databases that we created. And as you can see, we got all the databases that we created and if we expand on those, we'll see the tables as well. So let's do that. And if you want to import any of the tables, you would do exactly the same as what you would do from other sources. I'm going to just click on driver standings and it'll give us the preview here. And if we wanted to use the data, we can use that. So let me click on that one and I'm going to load that data into my Power BI report here. So that data is now available for us to use. So we can we can build our visualizations here. And as you can see, the table has been listed here. So for example, if I wanted to just create a table with the details that we've obtained, I would just say, okay, I want the race year and I want the driver names and also say we want to get the total points for the driver as well in that. In that year, you would just get that information. You can format the total points and things like that. As we said, we're not focusing on building the report. We are focusing on getting the connectivity established between Power BI and Azure Databricks. So this is how you connect from Power BI to Azure databricks using Active Directory sign in. But there is another option that you can use, which is using the personal access token for authentication. So let me show you that. But before that, we need to clear this data source settings because it's going to just use the same one to connect, which is using the Active Directory sign in. So I'm going to just simply remove it so that I can show you the other option. So I'm going to say clear permissions and that should get wiped out now. Ok. I've got a new report again. And as you've seen, I wiped out the data source settings for the Azure Databricks connection. So let me go to get data again and select Azure Databricks from there. And we need the server host name and also we need the HTTP path. So let me copy that as well. And then we wanted to do a Import, so let me click Okay. And here, instead of Active Directory, we want to use Personal Access Token. So from Databricks, you can get something called a personal access token, and then you can use that to access. So you don't need to give out your usernames and passwords and things like that. You can create a personal access token and let it last for a certain period of time and after that it expires. So in order to create a personal access token, you go to Databricks and if you come to the top right from here, you can go to user settings. And here you generate a new token. So let me say I want to use it for Power BI access and you can give a lifetime. So I'm just going to simply say I want it for just one day for today to show you the demo and then click Generate and it gives you an access token you won't be able to see again. So make sure you copy that. And let's click done. So that's been copied here. And this is the token. If you want it to delete it, once you've created it, you can click on the cross button here. So let me go to a Power BI again and now I specify the personal access token. So that's all you need. And then when you click Connect, you're going to be able to connect to Databricks again like we did before. This time it should be quicker. It is quicker. That's because the cluster is already up and running from the previous demo we did. So here you've got the databases and the tables. You'll do exactly the same as what we did before and you can create beautiful reports from the data we've got. So I'll let you play with that. But I primarily want to wanted to show you how you can connect from Power BI to Databricks, and it's a Databricks native connector you're using, so you're not using this standard JDBC connector and it's supposed to be efficient. So that's the end of the lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.