So let's have a look at more prompt engineering techniques to improve your prompt. So first of all, there is something called zero shot prompting. So this is to present a task to a model without providing any examples or explicit training for that specific task. So we have a very general gen AI model, a foundation model, and for example, we say write a short story about a dog that helps solve a mystery. And then we get a response from the gen AI model. For example, once upon a time there was a clever dog named Max and so on. So this is when we rely fully on the model's general knowledge, and the larger and the more capable the foundation model, the more likely we're going to get good results. It's called zero shot prompting because we go right away and we present our prompt. Next we have a few shots prompting. So here we provide examples of a task to the model to make sure we have guided its outputs. So that's why it's called few shots because we provide a few shots to the model to perform the task. So let's take the exact same prompt as before, but now we're going to use the few shots prompting technique. So we say here are two examples of stories where animals help solve mysteries. And we talk about Whiskers, the cat, and we write the story and we talk about Buddy the Bird, and we also write the story. So now we've provided a few examples to the gen AI model, and now we say write a short story about a dog that helps solve a mystery. And because we have provided a few shots to the gen AI model, then it's able to respond in a way that follows the few shots we have provided before. And so therefore this is a good technique when you know exactly what kind of output you want and you want the model to write on your output based on examples you provide. Also, if you provide only one example, this is also called one shot or single shot prompting. Then we have chain of thought prompting. So here we divide the task into a sequence of reasoning steps leading to more structure and coherence. So when we use a sentence in our prompt, such as, think step by step, this will help the model go into a chain of thought prompting. So this is very helpful when you want to solve a problem as a human. And that usually requires a several steps. So for example, let's again do our prompt that would say, let's write a story about a dog solving a mystery. But then we say, first describe the setting and the dog, then introduce the mystery, next show how the dog discovers clues, and finally reveal how the dog solves the mystery and concludes the story. And so therefore we say, write a short story following these plans, think step by step, and the response will follow this structure. And therefore this is chain of thought prompting. And this can be combined with zero shots or a few shots prompting if you wanted to. Next we have retrieval-augmented generation, or RAG. So here we combine the model's capability with external data sources in order to create a more informed and contextually rich response. So as reminder, we go and ask something to the gen AI model, and some parts of the model is going to retrieve relevant information from an external data source. And then we add this as an enhanced prompt, and augmented prompt, and then we get the answer from it. So this is the whole idea behind RAG. So here we can have RAG in a way like this. For example, we say write a short story about a dog solving a mystery and then use the following information from the text about dogs and their behavior and details about common mysteries involving theft. And so we provide a lot of information to the model such as the dogs have an excellent sense of smell, which they use to track sense. And then common neighborhood mysteries often involve stolen or missing items. And then dogs can detect scents even from a day old and follow trails to locate items. And so this information can come from an external data source and that is being added. This is what it's called augmented generation. It's being augmented into our main prompt and therefore we say write the story considering these details. And of course, well then the stories is going to of course be guided towards dogs having a great sense of smell and locating missing items. So this is how RAG works. We've seen it already at length in the bedrock session, but it was good for you to see it again here as a little reminder. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.