Okay, so next, let's talk about VPC peering. We know the basics, VPC peering is used to connect two VPC, privately, using the internal AWS network. And why do we do VPC peering? Well, because we make them behave, as if they were in the same Network. So the idea is that we have a VPC A and VPC B, and they have non overlapping CIDR, and then we create a VPC peering connection. And then we have to update some route tables, but we allow the instances in VPC A, to communicate privately, to VPC B, and vice versa. Okay. For this, we must not have overlapping CIDR's, and we'll see this in a future lecture. So the VPC peering connection is not transitive. This is something you should know as well, which is the means that, if you are establishing connection with another VPC, for example, VPC C and you create a VPC peering connection, between A and C because VPC peering is not a transitive, instances in VPC B cannot talk to instances in VPC C. That is just not allowed. For making sure that the VPC B can't talk to VPC C, you need to create your own VPC peering connection, between B and C for it to work. So you can do VPC peering in your own accounts, but also with another alias accounts. For this, remember, anytime you establish VPC peering, you must update route tables in each VPC subnet, to ensure the instances know what to talk to, and where to go through the VPC peering connection. Okay, good to know. So VPC peering can work inter-region and cross-accounts. And then once it's established, we can reference a security group have a peered VPC, and that works cross accounts. So these rules are very helpful, for example here or saying, hey, I want to allow Port 80 from this Security Group, of VPC in my other accounts, or VPC in my accounts, but a different VPC. So using these rules, we are able to reference Security Groups, using other peer VPC and that makes security, very easy to manage. Next, the longest prefix match. So VPC uses something called a longest prefix match, to select the most specific route to route for. So let's have an example with VPC A, that is peered with both VPC B and C. And in this example, we can look at if you can see in your screen, a VPC B and VPC C are set up exactly the same way. And so they have the same CIDR, and they have the same subnet CIDR as well. So for example, we definitely cannot peer VPC B and VPC C together, because they have overlapping CIDR. But VPC A, doesn't have an overlapping CIDR with, either VPC B or VPC C and therefore, we're able to create two VPC peering connections. Now, the problem is that we have a subnet A, with a bunch of instances here, and there's one instance in VPC B We'd like to access, which is 10.0.0 point 77 slash 32, which represents one IP. And then we want to be able to say, traffic that goes specifically to that instance, should go through VPCs B, but any other traffic should go through VPC C. And so the idea is that we're going to define route tables. And in the VPC A, we're going to say anything that is 172 is going to be local, anything that is very specific, so 10 000 point 77 slash 32, is going to be the most specific route, and is going to be sent to the VPC B, and then anything else 10 point 0.00 slash 16 is going to go to VPC C. The idea is that this route here, slash 32 is the most specific it is the longest prefix, and therefore it's going to be having priority, in case there's a match or the second rule. And then the other VPC, have just a basic VPC peering connection. So once you understand this, that means that anything that's going to be the most specific route, is going to have precedence over more larger routes. This is very intuitive, but it's nice to point out. Okay, now, what are some valid configurations, for VPC peering? The first one is overlapping CIDR for IPV4. So in case we have two VPC and they share one CIDR, they cannot connect. That is true if even one CIDR out of the many CIDRs defined in the VPC overlap. So in this example, 10.3.0.0 and 10.2.0.0 don't overlap, but because there is another CIDR in EGP C that overlap, then we cannot introduce VPC peering. And this is also true for IPV6. So as long as there's one IPV4, overlap between the VPC A and B, you cannot peer them even if they have different IPV6 CIDR's. The second thing is that there is no transitive VPC peering. So we've seen this configuration it does not work. So if you have a VPC B peered with A and A peered with C, Then B and C cannot connect. They have to be peered to one another. But also there's something called no Edge to Edge routing, and that may be a little bit new to you. So what does it mean? We have this example where VPC B, and VPC A are peered together. And VPC A is linked to your corporate network, using either direct connect or a VPN connection, whatever you want, right? In this example, VPC B can connect to VPC A, but it cannot connect to the corporate network, through VPC A. The reason is there's no edge to edge routing. And this is also true. If you're using VPC B peered with VPC A. And there's an internet gateway in VPC A. It doesn't work. VPC B will not be able to access the Internet, through the internet gateway or VPC A. So no extra edge routing applies to site to site VPN, Direct Connect Internet gateways, NAT gateways, and gateway VPC endpoints for S3 and DynamoD8. So all these things, you should remember. So let's do a deep dive. Okay, so let's go through this example, where someone comes up in your company and say yes, I would like to have a central VPC, and a central NAT gateway, and that NAT gateway is going to be connected to, an Internet gateway to connect to the Internet. And then I want to have multiple VPC, connect to the Internet gateway through my central VPC. And that may seem like a good idea. So let's go ahead we have a VPC and a private subnet. And we're going to do a VPC peering connection. And will it work? Well, no, this is an invalid configuration. It will not allow your private subnets, to talk to the Internet's gateway, because there is no Edge to Edge routing, for NAT devices through VPC peering. And that is something you have to remember going to the exam. I will give you a solution to that problem later on. But this is an invalid configuration. And so no matter how many VPCs you're trying to connect to the central VPC, if you have defined VPC peering, then there will be no Edge to Edge routing, and so you cannot leverage a NAT gateway, to talk to the Internet gateway, to have a central traffic going through the central VPC. We will see how to solve this problem in the next lecture. So that's it for VPC peering. I hope you liked it, Hope you learned a thing or two, and I will see you in the next lecture.