Okay, so welcome to a long and detailed lecture on VPC endpoints. So VPC endpoints, as you know, allow you to connect to AWS Services using the private network instead of going through the public internet. They scale horizontally, and they're redundant, so that means that as soon as you're using VPC endpoints, you don't need to have an internet gateway or a NAT instance or a NAT Gateway to access AWS Services. Everything goes through the private internal network. So how does that work? We have our VPC and a private subnet. In our private subnet, we have an EC2 instance, and say we're trying to access Amazon S3 or DynamoDB, in which case, we can set up a VPC endpoint gateway. So gateway is only for S3 and DynamoDB, and if we do so, then our EC2 instance will be able to talk to S3, and it will be able to talk to DynamoDB. And for all services, including S3 and DynamoDB, you can create a VPC endpoint interface. So for example, say we're trying to access CloudWatch, then to access CloudWatch privately, then you need to create a VPC endpoint interface, which is an ENI, so it has to live within one of your subnets. And then your EC2 instance would connect through that ENI to the CloudWatch service. In case of issues with VPC endpoints, you need to check the DNS setting for the resolution in your VPC, or you check your route tables to make sure that there is indeed a route from your EC2 instance to the endpoint. Okay, so now let's do a deep dive onto the VPC endpoint gateway. This only works for Amazon S3 and DynamoDB, and you must create one gateway per VPC. You must update route table entries to make it work. And so that means that it will be applied to all the instances that are inheriting that route table. The gateway is defined at the VPC level. And so for example, if we're getting a VPC endpoint gateway into Amazon S3, and we have an EC2 instance that want to access Amazon S3, then we have to edit the route table to be looking something like this. And so as we can see, there's one rule in the middle, this one that looks very, very important. So the destination is, okay, if you're trying to get to the Amazon S3 service or these sets of public IP, which represents, by the way, the public IP of Amazon S3, then the target should be this vpce, which is a VPC endpoint, and then it's going to redirect things privately through the network. So your EC2 instance, thanks to this route table, we'll be able to reach whenever we are requesting the S3 service, we will be able to reach the VPC endpoint gateway and talk to S3 privately. For this to work, we need to make sure DNS resolution is enabled in the VPC, and bonus, we can use the same public hostname for S3, so we don't need to use IP. We can use the public hostname for Amazon S3. It will resolve it to an IP, and that IP will be in the route table. And the route table is saying, "No, don't go to the public internet. Go through the VPC endpoint, and things will work." So this is really cool because now we have full private access from EC2 to Amazon S3. Now, as I said, the VPC endpoint gateway cannot be extended out of the VPC. So that means that if you're using a VPN connection, Direct Connect, a transit gateway, or VPC peering, this cannot go through your VPC endpoint gateway. Your VPC endpoint gateway is really only here for your own VPC, and that's it. And it's something you have to remember. You cannot share VPC endpoint gateways, besides what you have within your VPC. And then we have VPC endpoint interface, and they're a little bit different from endpoint gateway because here we provision an ENI, so an elastic network interface, and this ENI will have some private hostname. And the idea is that to do security, because we have an ENI, we can leverage security groups. So how do we get access to this ENI with this private hostname? For this, we need to use a private DNS, and there is a setting that you have to enable when you create the endpoint. And then what they will do is that once you enable that setting, the public hostname of the service will resolve, not to the public IP of that service, but will resolve instead to the private endpoint interface hostname that we have created. And for this to work, we need to make sure two settings are enabled in our VPC, which is called Enable DNS hostnames and Enable DNS support. They must be true. So here's a concrete example for Athena. If you create a VPC endpoint for Athena, you will have one, two, three, and four kind of VPC hostnames that you can go through, and each VPC hostname is going to redirect to that ENI, okay? But the last one is the important one. As you can see, this is the public hostname for Amazon Athena. But what's going to happen is that because we have enabled private DNS support, this private DNS name is going to be a CNAME for one of the three things above, which are going to be ARecord for your ENI. And so that means that you don't need to change your application to use a private URL if you have enabled private DNS. But if you haven't enabled private DNS, then you will have to use one of the three VPC endpoint full domain name to access Athena privately. Finally, your interfaces are shareable, and so they can be accessed from a Direct Connect connection or a Site-to-Site VPN. So that's it for this lecture on VPC endpoints, and in the next lecture, we're going to see VPC endpoint policies, so see you in the next lecture.