Okay, so now let's talk about the security of our VPC endpoints. And they're called VPC Endpoint Policies. So VPC Endpoint Policy, as you can guess, is going to be a JSON document to control access to a service. And this looks just like this. So in this example, what do we have? Well, we have a policy that allows us to do SQS SendMessage to a specific queue using a specific principle, which represents a user through IM. So this is applied to a VPC endpoint. That means that only that user can access this queue through that VPC endpoint, and it has to be an SQS SendMessage. So this does not override or replace IM user policies or service specific policies, so you may still have an SQS queue policy and the IM user still needs to be allowed to talk to SQS. But this is yet another level of protection. This one is happening at the VPC endpoint level. So for notes, is that if our IM user is trying to access SQS out of our VPC endpoint using the public route, then it may still work, because the VPC endpoint policy will not apply. In this case what we could do, is add an SQS queue policy to deny any action that is not done through the VPC endpoint, effectively forcing any connection to go through the VPC endpoint. And then forcing the VPC endpoint policy to be applied no matter what. Okay, so another way you can apply a VPC endpoint policy is going to be on an S3 bucket. So here is an example. In this example, we are restricting access, through the VPC endpoint only, to one specific bucket called my_secure_bucket. So here we're saying, anyone can do GetObject and PutObject on and only on my_secure_bucket. Hopefully that makes sense. But if you can't remember, this VPC endpoint policy is applied at the VPC endpoint level. And one can circumvent it, if they want to go through Amazon S3 through the public route. So here is another VPC endpoint policy. And this time it's to only allow access to Amazon Linux 2 repositories. So the idea is, when our EC2 instances need to do an update of their Linux operating system, what actually goes on is that they are getting some objects on an S3 bucket that belongs to Amazon. And so, this VPC endpoint policy allows your EC2 instances to have access privately to this repository through your VPC endpoint policy. Okay, so we can combine your VPC endpoint policy and your S3 bucket policy. So your S3 bucket policy may have some specific conditions. And this one example is aws:sourceVpce equals this VPC ID to deny any traffic that doesn't come from a specific VPC endpoint. So here we're saying, if we have this condition in our S3 bucket policy, then any traffic going through our VPC endpoint is going to be authorized. And any traffic not going through the VPC endpoint, is going to be denied. So effectively, we've locked down our S3 bucket to be only usable from our VPC endpoints. And if we have many VPC endpoints, and we want to be able to have a more global condition, then we can use the condition aws:sourceVpc equals this, for a specific VPC. But here's the catch, the aws:sourceVpc condition only works for VPC endpoints and for private traffic. So this is when you have multiple endpoints and you want to manage access to your S3 bucket for all your endpoints. So it only works when you go through VPC endpoints. So that means that if you want to restrict access using IP, the only way to do it, is to use a specific public IP address or an elastic IP. You cannot use this SourceIp condition to restrict based on a private IP. So remember, if you are having a private VPC endpoint and you want to restrict access using private IP, you have to use aws:SourceVpce or SourceVpc as a condition. But if you want to restrict based on the public IP, then you have to use the aws:SourceIP. The aws:SourceIP only applies to public IPs, and the other ones only apply to private network traffic. So let's have a look through an example for S3 bucket policy. So this S3 bucket policy restricts your access to your S3 bucket through only one specific VPC endpoint. So we're saying principal, star, action, star, effect, deny anything that doesn't come from the source VPCE that we have specified here. Or, here is an example where we're denying any traffic that doesn't come from the source VPC and the source VPC we have. This is in case we have multiple VPC endpoints. So finally, how can we troubleshoot a connection from an instance in a private subnet in a VPC to Amazon S3? And, as you can see, there's going to be a lot of moving parts. But just before I do so, if you want to do it as an exercise yourself, try to see all the possible things that can go wrong when trying to connect an EC2 instance in a private subnet onto an Amazon S3 bucket privately. Okay, so let's get started. First one, is that we have to check the security group of our instance. The security group has outbound rules. And if the outbound rules are not allowing the traffic out, then things will not work. Then we have to create our VPC endpoint gateway, because we are accessing Amazon S3. And so, our VPC endpoint gateway will have a VPC endpoint policy. And it needs to allow, obviously, our EC2 instance to access Amazon S3. Then we need to make sure we update the route tables to make sure that anything that is requested for Amazon S3 is going to go through the VPC endpoint gateway. If we don't set up the route table, then our EC2 instance can never talk to the VPC endpoint gateway, and things will not work. And also, we need to make sure that the VPC DNS settings for the DNS resolution are enabled for the resolution to be correctly done. Next, once we go through the VPC endpoint gateway, we are getting into the Amazon S3 bucket. And here we have to verify that the Amazon S3 bucket policy is indeed allowing our EC2 instance to access Amazon S3. And then finally, our EC2 instance may have an EC2 instance role. And that role may allow it, or may not allow it, to access the S3 bucket. So we also have to check IAM permissions. And that's it. As you can see, there's a lot of moving parts that can restrict your EC2 instance from connecting to your Amazon S3 bucket. And understanding that, is key going into the exam. So that's it for me, I will see you in the next lecture.