Okay, so now let's talk about AWS PrivateLink, which is also called VPC Endpoint Services. So, PrivateLink is going to be the most secure and scalable way to expose a service to thousands of VPC. Either your own VPC or other accounts. Why? Because you can expose a service within your own VPC privately to others, without doing any sort of VPC peering, using an internet gateway, NAT gateways or NAT instances and route tables. So the idea is that we still allow other people to access our application, but very securely by really protecting our network to just one private link. So here's an example. We are the Service VPC, and we have created an application and it's an Application service, and we want to be able to give access to other customers and other accounts, access to our application. So here is a Customer VPC, and they will have Consumer Applications, and they wanna be able to connect to our Application service. We could obviously do a VPC peering and that would work, but the problem of VPC peering would be that all the customer VPC instances would be able to talk to all the instances in my VPC. And that makes me way too exposed from a network perspective. I could also go over the public internet, but this is not really good because then that means that my service needs to be publicly accessible, and I don't like that. So what I really want is to be able to go through a PrivateLink. So for this, I have to create a Network Load Balancer in my Service VPC, and an Elastic Network Interface in my Customer VPC. So now my application is going to be exposed through an NLB, and on the Customer VPC side, there will be an ENI being created. And then the magic happens, there's going to be AWS PrivateLink. And with PrivateLink there's going to be a private connection between the ENI and the Network Load Balancer. And so, for our Customer VPC to access our Application service, they just need to talk to the ENI. The ENI will forward traffic onto the Network Load Balancer and the Network Load Balancer will forward traffic onto the Application service. And here we go. We have a PrivateLink. And this is hugely scalable because we can do this a thousand times. We just need one Network Load Balancer and as many ENIs as target customer VPC that we have. So if the NLB is going to be in multiple availability zone, then you need to make sure your ENIs are also going to be in multiple AZ. And then we have a solution that is going to be fault tolerant. So I found PrivateLink to be revolutionary, to work really great, it's really scalable, and you have to remember it going into the exam. So let's consider how to make PrivateLink work for Amazon S3 with Direct Connects. So here is the issue, we have a Corporate Data Center, and want you access our Amazon S3 bucket through a Direct Connect connection. And we have two options, right? Number one is to use a public VIF, so that the traffic goes from Direct Connect to the public URL of Amazon S3, but through Direct Connect. The other option, if we wanted to make all traffic go through your VPC, would be to create a VPC endpoint. Now, you cannot use a Gateway Endpoint in this case, because Gateway Endpoints only works from within your VPC. So if your EC2 instances wanted to connect to Amazon S3, fine, use Gateway Endpoints. But the Corporate Data Center through Direct Connect cannot access the Gateway Endpoints. Therefore, we have to create an Interface VPC Endpoint for Amazon S3 that is linked to a PrivateLink. And therefore for Direct Connect to access your PrivateLink, you must create a Private VIF, which then allows you to keep all traffic private, through your VPC into your Amazon S3 bucket. The other architecture you need to know is how to access a Private Link over VPC Peering. So again, we have created an Interface VPC Endpoint for Amazon S3 in one region, and we want to access it from another region so that we have private access into our Amazon S3 bucket. So what we can do is actually use our VPC in us-east-1 with EC2 instances, peer it with the VPC in eu-west-1, and then the instances can use the URL of the Interface VPC Endpoint to access privately Amazon S3 in another region. But again, the Interface VPC Endpoint must be in the same region where your Amazon S3 bucket is. Okay, so that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.