Okay, so let's get into VPN now and let's talk first about site to site VPN which is a way to call it an AWS managed VPN. So the idea is that we have our corporate data center and our VPC and we want to be able to connect them over the public internet. So one reason to do it is so that they can access each other using private IP that realistically it will go over the public internet and it will be more secure, encrypted and so on. So we have to set up a few things. First on-premise, you need to set up a software or a hardware VPN appliance onto your on-premise network. And then this on-premise VPN should be accessible using a public IP. And that makes sense because the VPN is going to go over the public internet. So now that we have our VPN appliance with the public IP in our corporate data center we are going to do some changes on AWS. On AWS, you need to set up something called, a Virtual Private Gateway or VGW and you attach it to your VPC. So it's a VPC level resource. And then you set up a Customer Gateway and that customer gateway is gonna be configured to the public IP of the on-premise VPN appliance. And then you are going to set up a VPN connection, a site-to-site VPN between on-premise and your AWS. And what happens is that two VPN connections will be created for redundancy and all of them will be encrypted using IPSec. So in the backend there will be a first tunnel for your site-to-site VPN and a second tunnel for redundancy. So this is the basics of site-to-site VPN. And, finally, you should know that if you want to accelerate it to make it work globally you can use the AWS Global Accelerator to accelerate it for worldwide networks. Okay, so next. Let's get into the details of how the site-to-site VPN setup is being done. So we're getting into the route propagation area. So we have a corporate data center and our VPC and both of them have non overlapping CIDRs and we are creating a site-to-site VPN connection. So that means that there is a VGW on the VPC site and a customer gateway on the corporate data center site. Okay, but now we need to make sure that our instances in our private subnets can communicate through the VGW. And for this, we have to set up a route table on our VPC site at the subnet level to make sure that the instance can find its way to the VGW for the CIDR corresponding to the corporate data center and vice versa for the corporate data center we need to update the on-premise router to make sure that any IP that corresponds to the private subnet is going to be routed through the CGW. So we have two ways of setting up these route tables. Number one, you can do static routing. And so it's very easy, you need to edit the entries into the route tables of each, the VPC and the corporate data center. And so on the corporate data center side we're going to say anything that is going to be 10.0.0.1/24 should go through the CGW which should take the network from the left and go all the way to the right. And for either site on the route table we're saying anything that is 10.3.0.0/20 should go through the VGW and we have set up properly our routes. This is static routing. So in case things change in the future we have to go ahead and manually edit our route tables and that may be complicated but you can also enable dynamic routing, also called BGP. So BGP is the Border Gateway Protocol and it's a protocol that allows your networks to share the routes automatically with one another. And in case the BGP goes over the internet, it's called eBGP. So we don't need BGP to update the routing tables. It will be done for us dynamically. It's a bit magical. And so for it to work, then you need to specify the ASN, the Autonomous System Number of both the CGW and the VGW. So the CGW will have a custom ASN and the VGW will also have a custom ASN. And so by enabling BGP, we just need to say yes we want dynamic routing, and automatically the route tables on either of the sides will be automatically updated. Okay, so next we have a site-to-site VPN connection and we want to know if our instance on-premise can access internet through our VPC and vice versa. So let's take an example. We have our VPC and a public subnets and we have NAT Gateway that is connected to an Internet Gateway that may lead to request to Google account. And on the corporate data center side we have our servers connected to the Customer Gateway and we have established a site-to-site VPN to the VGW. And it could also be a direct connect, it doesn't really matter for the discussion. And so we're asking ourselves the question, can the server on premise connect through the CGW to the VGW to the NAT Gateway to the Internet Gateway to Google account? Is it a possible way for us to provide internet access to the on premise stuff? And the reason is no, it is not okay. Why? In this entire architecture the NAT Gateway is going to have a restriction and the NAT Gateway is saying that any source network that comes from the site-to-site VPN or direct connect cannot go through the NAT Gateway into the Internet Gateway into the public internet. So this setup does not work. Okay, next, we have the exact same setup, but this time instead of using a NAT Gateway we're going to use a NAT Instance. Why? Because we have a bit more control over the software on the NAT Instance. So now we're doing the exact same setup. We have our corporate data center that is connected to our VPC either site-to-site VPN or direct connect, and is this okay? Now, can we access google.com through our corporate data center? And the answer is yes, because we manage the software on the NAT Instance, we have more control and so it is possible for us to create a route from the corporate data center to the internet through AWS. Okay, so next, can we have this set up. So we have our corporate data center that has an on-premise NAT that gives us access to google.com and we wanna know if we can connect our instances from the private subnet in our VPC to the internet through our corporate data center. So, again, we're going to do this time a direct connect or a site-to-site VPN and the question is, does this work or not? Can the instance connect to the VGW then the CGW and then the (indistinct) is not in google.com? And the answer is yes. So this would be an alternative setup to using NAT Instances or NAT Gateway on AWS. And so the reason you would do this is that maybe your on-premise NAT already does a lot of package filtering, maybe it does some rules and some checks on the network. And so you have a corporate data center rule to have all the internet traffic go through your corporate data center. In this case, this would be a valid setup. Okay, finally, for VPN. We have to discuss about VPN CloudHub. So VPN CloudHub is a way to connect different Customer Gateways together. So in this example, we can connect up to 10 Customer Gateway for each Virtual Private Gateway. So what do we have? We have our Customers Network with different locations. So, for example, New York, Los Angeles, and Miami. And they're gonna be able to connect and talk to one another through the Virtual Private Gateway and the VPN connections that have been established. So why do we do this? Well, it's a low cost hub-and-spoke model for primary network in case we wanna connect data centers like this or it could be a secondary network in case our main connections between our customer networks are failing. So, for example, if you have a direct connection between New York and Los Angeles and that connection fails then we could fail over to the VPN CloudHub that has been set up between the customer network on New York and the one in Los Angeles. And as you can see, the network goes through the Virtual Private Gateway into each end customer. So what do we get out of it? Well, we get a secure communication between the sites in case we have indeed set up multiple VPN connections. And because it's a VPN connection, you have to remember everything goes over the public internet even though of course your VPN connection is going to be encrypted using IPSec. And this can be used, as I said, as a failover connection between your on-premise locations in case there is a network issue between the way you have directly connected your different on-premise locations. What about if you have multiple VPC, how do we establish VPN connections? So say you have a corporate data center and you have set up a customer gateway and you have one VPC. In that case, for a VPN based customer, AWS recommends creating a separate VPN connection for each customer VPC. So that means that we have to create a VPN connection between your VGW and your Customer Gateway here. In case we have the second VPC we create another site-to-site VPN connection. And, finally, in case of a third VPC we have to create a third site-to-site VPN connection. In that case, it can become very, very complicated if you have many, many different VPCs. And so AWS will recommend using Direct Connect because we can leverage Direct Connect Gateway to achieve the exact same thing. But we'll see this in the Direct Connect lectures. So we have a couple options to fix that problem. Obviously one of them is Direct Connect Gateway, we'll discuss it later. But one thing we can do is to have a Shared Services VPC. In that case, we're going to create a VPN connection between our on-premise data center and one Shared Services VPC. So this is represented here, so we have our Shared Services VPC, and we'll set up a VGW, a CGW, and a site-to-site VPN between the two. And then we're going to replicate the services, application, databases, everything that can be on-premise and we'll replicate it onto the Shared Services VPC. Or we can deploy proxies in the Shared Services VPC to access the on-premise resources. So either we can replicate the services or we're gonna deploy a fleet of proxies that will proxy the request made into the shared service VPC to the corporate data center. So the question is, why do we do this? Because now we can do VPC peering between other VPCs and the shared services VPC. So here's an example. We have our first VPC and we have created a VPC peering connection between VPC A and their shared services. Same for B and same for C. And so what do we get out of it? I told you that VPC peering is not transitive. So VPC A cannot access your corporate data center. VPC B as well cannot access your corporate data center. And VPC C as well cannot. But because we have replicated all their services from the corporate data center onto the shared service VPC using a site-to-site VPN connection, then VPC A is able to access our services through their shared VPC. So either we access the replicated services and we directly talk with them or we talk with the application proxies, which by definition are going to proxy the request onto on-premise. And this is the idea behind a Shared Services VPC. So here, as we can see we don't need to establish VPN connections to on-premise. We just need to establish one of them between the Shared Services VPC and on-premise. And for the rest, we can use VPC peering. Okay, so that's it for the first part of VPN. I will see you in the second part for more insights and architectures.