So now let's talk about the AWS Client VPN. So this allows you to connect from your computer using OpenVPN to your private network in AWS and on-premises. So how does that work? Well, you install the software on your computer and then you're going to directly use a connection over the public internet into your VPC, but now you can access your EC2 instances using a private IP. And on top of it, if you've enabled, for example, a site-to-site VPC, then it's possible for you to access your corporate data center through the site-to-site VPC through the client VPN and therefore making your computer access your internal resources within your corporate data center. So just to give you a bunch of possible network architecture this enables. So say you have VPC peering, well, all you need to do is to create one Client VPN connection into one of these VPCs. And then thanks to VPC peering, you can access resources in the VPC-B through the VPC-A through your Client VPN endpoint. Same for on-premises. So again, if you've enabled site-to-site VPN or Direct Connect, then getting a Client VPN endpoint in VPC-A allows you to access any resources on-premises. So that means that the traffic has to go through AWS to get to your corporate data center. You can also get internet access from Client VPN, so this gives you one endpoint for everything. So say you have a VPC and you've enabled it with two public subnets and an internet gateway, well, you create a Client VPN endpoint and this endpoint is going to be connected to the two public subnets. That means that thanks to this, there is a route to the internet through the internet gateway. So that means that users can both access your resources on your VPC thanks to the VPN connection, but also access the internet through your VPC to the internet gateway. You can also do the same if you have, for example, private subnets and public subnets, but this time, of course, you need to use a NAT device, so a NAT gateway, for example, and the architecture is going to be quite similar. What if you have a Transit Gateway? Well, everything is possible. So we've seen that we can do VPC peering to access VPC-A and VPC-B through a Client VPN, but also if you had set up other VPCs and they're connected through a Transit Gateway, it is totally possible for you to use your Client VPN connection to access VPC-B and C through the Transit Gateway. And of course, Transit Gateway can also connect to corporate data centers. So if you have a Direct Connect connection or a site-to-site VPN connection, it's definitely possible to access everything through Client VPN through Transit Gateway and so on. So that's it, hopefully that makes sense for Client VPN. It just enables you to get a private connection into AWS, and therefore, any network architecture on AWS should work with Client VPN. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.