So the question is, how do you make your connection between data center and AWS redundant? So for this, we can use, for example, in terms of VPN connections, an active-active setup. So as we can see, we have two Corporate Data Centers, 1 and 2, and they're both connected through a dedicated VPN connection into AWS. Now what happens that also your Corporate Data Centers and Corporate Data Center 1 and 2, they are connected with each other with an internal connectivity. So what happens that if, for example, this first VPN connection goes down, then your network can root from Corporate Data Center 1 to Corporate Data Center 2 into AWS, thanks to this redundant active-active VPN connection and vice versa if this connection is down. This happens as well when you use Direct Connect. So you have two Direct Connect connections on two Corporate Data Centers, and then these are connected through internal networking. And therefore, if one of these Direct Connect location goes down, then one Corporate Data Center can still access AWS through the other data center location. And then finally, if you wanted to mix them up together, you could of course choose a hybrid backup VPN location. For example, here your Corporate Data Centers are connected with each other, as well as with a rest through a VPN and a Direct Connect. And so if one of these things even failed, then you have a failover route through Corporate Data Center 1 or Corporate Data Center 2. Also, another feature you need to know about is that the Direct Connect Gateway SiteLink feature, which allows you to send data from one Direct Connect location to another bypassing the AWS regions. So how does that work? Well, with this, you can create a private network connection between your on-premises data centers by connecting them directly to Direct Connect location, and the data will be sent over the fastest path within these Direct Connect locations. So we have two Corporate Data Centers and they have routers and they're in different locations, so around the world of course. So we connect them to different Direct Connect locations around the world as well. And on the side of AWS, we create a Direct Connect Gateway. What's going to happen is that if we do enable SiteLink, then this kind of traffic can happen where the Corporate Data Center goes for Direct Connect to the Gateway back to another Direct Connect to the customer router, and this happens to connect the Corporate Data Center A with Corporate Data Center B without being routed through the AWS regions. So, that's called Site SiteLink. Okay? So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.