In this demo we're going to take a look at services in Kubernetes. In the previous demo we created a few pods by creating a deployment. So let's check the status of that first. So we have a deployment called Myapp deployment. And it has six replicas which is essentially six pods running in Kubernetes cluster. So now we have an application which is created to run on this cluster. But in order for the end user to access it on their web browser, we have to create a service. And to do this, let's jump back to our editor. We have created a new directory called service. And within this service directory we're going to create a new file called Service definition dot YAML. Note that you don't really need to follow this directory structure as I'm doing. I'm just following it to organize the examples. you could simply have all the files in the same location. And just like before, the first thing that goes in is the root element. The API version. And for service it should be set to v1. For client we're going to specify service. So let's look that up from the list. And we're going to add a metadata with the name of the service which we can say my app service and this. And underneath that we're going to add the spec section. And the first property that we will create is the type of service which we will set to node port. Now our goal is to be able to access our application on a port on the node, which is the minikube node in our case. And then we will add the port and the default port at which nginx listens which is 80. And we're also going to add our target port, which is also port 80. So this is basically the port on the service itself. And next we're going to add a node port which we can set to a value such as 30,004. So it could be any value between 30,000 and 32,767. And this node port is a is the port on the node, the worker node, which is the minikube node on which the application will be made accessible. Next we're going to add a selector, which helps us bind our service to the port with the same label so quickly. Let's check the deployment YAML file, and you'll notice that the label for the pod is app set to my app. So let us add the same value here under the selector section. So once this has been completed, our service definition file is complete. And we can proceed to create this on our clusters. and I'm going to save it here and, um, jump back to my terminal. And let me navigate to the new directory that we created. Um, and here is our service definition file. So I'm going to create the service using the kubectl create command with the dash f option and specify the service definition dot YAML file as the input. Now run this command and the service has been created. We can now run the kubectl get service command. And here you'll notice that the new service is visible. And the type of the service is node port, which uh because we want it to be accessible on the port on the worker node. And here is the cluster IP which is also created for the service. Now it's an address, uh, created for the service within the internet, uh, internal cluster network. And here is the port on the worker node that we can use to access our application. Location. So if you know the IP of the worker node, you can simply go to a browser and just type in the IP of the worker node followed by the port number, and you should be able to access this application. Now, since we are running this on minikube, we can also run the minikube service command followed by the name of the service, which is the My App service, and use the option Dash dash URL and it should print us the URL and with the service where the service is available. So let's try to access this on a browser so you can just copy this URL. Go to your browser and paste that URL in the browser. Um, and we see that the default nginx web page. So that confirms that, um, the nginx application is up and running and we're able to access it on a web browser. Well, that's it for this demo and I will see you in the next one.