Hey, in this video, we're going to walk over the solution for the lab on services. So the first question is how many services exist on the system? So we're going to run the queue to get. Service command, or you could also run the cubicle. Yet as we see command so short for service. And we can see that there's just one service, so select that. This is a default service created by Kubernetes. Okay. So what is the type of the default component of service? If you look at the type here, we see that it's cluster IP, so let's select cluster IP. And we'll look at what this service is in particular later when we talk about. The Kubernetes architecture, the API server in more detail. For now, let's just consider it as any other service. So what is the target port configured on the Kubernetes service? So for this, you've got to look at the service in more detail. So we're going to do a Q cuddle. Describe command. We're going to describe the service named Kubernetes. So here we see the port details. So the port is four for three. The target port is six, four, four, three. So the question is, what is the target port? So we'll select six, four, four, three. See how many labels are configured on the community service. So if you look at this right here, so there are two labels component is API server and the provider is Kubernetes. So this, this service is basically the Kubernetes API server. We'll discuss more about the API server and this service specifically when we learn about the API server in detail. And of course, when we get to that. So for now, the answer is to. Okay. The next question is how many endpoints are attached on the Kubernetes service? So for now, we have no idea of what the service is since the service was already created. We don't really know what it is, so we're kind of exploring and finding out more about it. But one thing if we want to look at right here and understand is how many parts this is the service directory traffic to. So that's what you can see here in the endpoints section here. So endpoints, it says there's there's this one IP and port. So that's that's one endpoint. If there are multiple paths that the service is directing traffic to, then there would be multiple ports here. Let me quickly explain what endpoints are, because we have not really discussed about endpoints. So here we have a service. And three pots. And what we do usually is when we create a pod, we know that it has a label to it. So let's say for example, it's set to app and f e for front end or something. And the way that we create a service in order to direct traffic to these pods is we provide the same labels. As selectors to the service. And then what the service does is it identifies all the parts with the same label and then directs traffic to those parts. So once it identifies the parts with the labels and that's when the service has these endpoints. So from from the perspective of a service endpoints are basically these the parts, the parts that the service has identified that is going to direct traffic to based on the selector specified on the service and the labels on the parts. Now when we create a service for a set of parts, now we might think that depending on the label and the selector specified, the service is going to direct traffic to those parts. But it might be possible that we have another part which we accidentally created with the same kind of label. So the service is then going to direct traffic to that part as well. So and that's when, when we look at the, the output of the queue will describe command and that we can identify the additional endpoints apart from what we, what we thought we had configured. So we're going to see, when you look at the queue described command for the service, we're going to see that there are four endpoints. But in fact, the our application was a had a replica set perhaps that just had three endpoints or three parts. So that's where this the endpoint can help. And just to just to give you a bit more context. So let's say we create we have a single pod and we create a service. We set a label to have E, but we accidentally set. The selector to say f r something that's different. And then when we try to access the service. We're not able to get through to the application. And that's when you look at the description of the service and you realize that the endpoints are zero. So that means the service has not identified any parts. Right. So and then that's when we can look at the labels and selectors in more detail to identify the root cause. So that's what endpoints are. It's, it's nothing, but it's a specification of all the parts. That that particular service was identified based on the selectors and the labels set on those parts. So in this case. This particular service has just one endpoint. So we're going to select one here. Okay. The next question is how many deployments exist on the system now in the current default namespace? So let's. Identify. Well, there's this one deployment, so we're going to select one. So the next question is what is the image used to create the pods in the deployment? So we're going to look. And the deployment in a bit more detail. And we see the image is, quote, cloud slash, simple web app, red. So that's this one. Are you able to access the web app UI? Try accessing the web application UI using the tab at the top. So there's the link here and clicking on it. We see that it gives us a bad gateway error. So the answer is no, we're not able to access the web app UI. So and that's really because there is no service, right? So we have to create a new service to access the web application using the service definition YAML file. So there is a service definition YAML file here and we look at it. So this is basically a kind of a file with the basic framework to create a service. So. We will use that. And update the details that are given here. All right. So we're going to set it. Give it a name. So the node port and all the different ports and also specify the selector. Now, if you're not sure about getting this framework, you could go to the Kubernetes documentation pages. Search for service. And select service. And here you kind of get. A sample that you can then copy and use. So we will talk about imperative ways or commands to create service in the upcoming lectures. For now, let's just go with this. So the name is Web Service. Type is port. Target port is at 80. Ford is 8080. Not for is 3000. And the selector name is simple web app. Let's create. Service. Okay. That's done. Let's check. Try to access this now. Okay. So that's working. So as I said in the upcoming. Lectures. There is a section where we talk about imperative commands and we'll discuss how we can create a service. So there are different ways of creating a service, and we'll discuss about that when we get there. For now. That's the end of this lab.