A little more detail on the deployment side here. So there's various safeguards that SageMaker provides for you to allow you to deploy new models or newly trained models in a controlled manner. One is called deployment guardrails. And this is different from guardrails in the context of generative AI. In that context, the guardrails usually some sort of a content filter in the context of a deployment guardrail, it's just safety for the deployment itself and the ability to deploy things in a controlled manner and roll them back if things go wrong. So this is specific for asynchronous or real time inference endpoints. This isn't really a concern for batch processing, but if you have a inference endpoint that some application is hitting in real time to make predictions using SageMaker model, these deployment guardrails can come in handy. One technique is called blue green deployments, and I'm not sure why they chose those colors arbitrarily, but the idea is that you have two different versions of your model that you're trying to deploy. We'll call one blue, we'll call one green. And this is a method for controlling the traffic to those new models over time. As you're deploying the new one. Now, you can do this all at once. So let's say that the old model is the blue one. The new one is called green. So you could shift everything all over to the green model all at once. Monitor it, and once you're convinced that everything looks okay, then choose to terminate the Blue Fleet. If you're sure that you don't need to roll back to it right away. If you want to be a little bit more cautious, you can do what's called a canary deployment. This allows you to shift just a small portion of the traffic to the new green deployment and monitor it over time. So you have both models running together in tandem with just increasingly large amounts of traffic being shifted to the new deployment until you're happy with it. So in this way, if something is horribly, horribly wrong with that new model, it's only going to impact a portion of your customers instead of all of them, while you figure out how to roll it back and address the issue, right. There's also linear deployment, which allows you to sort of automate that shifting in traffic. So in linearly spaced steps you can say, I want to start off with 10% on the new model, then 20%, then 30%, until finally I've shifted all the way over to the new green model. So that's bluegreen deployments. So you can do it all at once. You can do a canary deployment or a linear deployment. Those are all your options there. And it also has auto rollbacks. So if you do detect some sort of a horrible problem that might be able to be detected automatically and automatically roll back to your blue deployment, uh, without any human intervention to make that happen even quicker. Another technique is called shadow tests. So in this in this approach, you have both models running together. And every inference query that comes to your inference endpoint is actually run twice, one by the old model and once by the new model together in parallel. And that way you can compare the performance of both the shadow variant that's being called in the background, but not actually issuing results to production to what the production instance the older version is actually doing. And if they diverge in ways you didn't expect, you might decide, well, I'm not going to roll out this new version of the model, the shadow model, at all, so you can monitor a shadow test in SageMaker console, and then you can decide when to promote it based on its performance compared to what's actually vending results in production right now. backing up a little bit here under the SageMaker studio umbrella. So like I said, SageMaker studio sort of encompasses all these features we've talked about. From SageMaker studio. You can access SageMaker autopilot or SageMaker model monitor under SageMaker autopilot. That might be automating things that include SageMaker notebooks, SageMaker experiments, SageMaker debugger, and automatic model tuning. However, you can use all those features independently as well. They don't have to be used with autopilot, but autopilot can manage all that for you as well. Some additional SageMaker features that you might want to know about SageMaker Jumpstart. We'll look at an example of this not too far from now. This gives you a one click ability to launch a new model or a new algorithm from what we call a model zoo or a repository of models. Something like hugging face, right? And right now, well, it's probably a lot more than 150 of them out there. But there are models in natural language processing, object detection, image classification, and also through hugging face all the large language models and small language models for generative AI or image generation as well. That's out there too. So with jump start, you just select a model that you want, click a button, and it just fires off a notebook that you can start from sort of some sample code to get you started there automatically. Hence the word jumpstart. SageMaker Data Wrangler. We're going to go into this in more detail as well. Its purpose is to import, transform, analyze, and export data, all within SageMaker studio. So the data processing, the data analysis of your training data. You don't have to leave SageMaker studio to do that. SageMaker Data Wrangler lets you do all of that. You could also do this through something like a AWS glue or Glue studio, but with SageMaker, you also have the option of doing it within SageMaker studio using SageMaker. Data Wrangler SageMaker feature stores. Another feature and oh, I didn't mean to say it that way, but we are going to talk about that more as well. Uh, that allows you to find, discover and share features within SageMaker studio as well. Again, a feature is basically just a column of your training data, and it has both online low latency and offline for training or batch inference modes available for you as well. So there's an online feature store and an offline feature store. We saw that way back when we talked about the diagram of the machine learning lifecycle. And those features can be organized into something we call feature groups. So if you want to have a little bit of a taxonomy there of what your data looks like, SageMaker feature Store can track that for you as well. The idea here is that by having a consistent picture of what your feature data is at various stages in the pipeline, you can prevent errors that might result from treating your data differently at different points in the pipeline. There's also SageMaker Edge Manager. This is a software agent for edge devices, so if you are deploying your models out to the edge using SageMaker neo, that can be used to collect and sample data for monitoring, label and retraining by keeping track of what's happening on the edge and then reporting back to you regarding that performance. And finally, there's asynchronous inference endpoints. So you don't necessarily have to wait for a response from an inference query. You could say, hey, make this prediction and then asynchronously get the answer back later on. That's also an option with SageMaker when you're using that for deployment.