So we've seen how SageMaker deployments work in general. And that is important information, those blue green deployments and all that stuff. But let's get into some specific advice for deploying foundation model deployments on SageMaker. So one thing to remember is that SageMaker AI offers both single and multi-model endpoints. So your endpoints can actually serve more than one model at a time. And that's one way of maximizing your resource utilization and making sure that you're not wasting any capacity or deploying more capacity than you actually need. So if you can repurpose the same fleet for multiple models, maybe that's a way to save money, right? More generally, you can have multi-container endpoints. So those containers don't necessarily have to be foundation models. They could be anything. But the point is an endpoint doesn't have to just have one model in it. Endpoints can do more than one thing, and that's fine. And each individual endpoint will support their own deployment guardrails, their own VPC, and their own network isolation. Also, keep in mind you can train and tune a model in SageMaker AI. So if you want to do something a little bit fancier, like, uh, starting with a model from hugging face or something and fine tuning it. You can actually deploy that through bedrock as well, if you don't want to deal with all the SageMaker complexity. So it is possible to use bedrock custom model import for that. So if you can create a model and tune it in SageMaker, you can say bedrock. Go grab this model from SageMaker and host that for me through a custom model import. And now your inference is totally serverless. You don't have to think about it. So isn't that beautiful? So that's a good way that bedrock interoperates with SageMaker AI that can save you some trouble. And serverless can also be a better usage of your resources too. Also, if you hear the term SageMaker AI inference components, that's a mouthful. Uh, what that means is each model can get its own scaling policy, so you can actually scale each model independently for different workloads, different use cases through SageMaker AI inference components. On the inference side with SageMaker. Also there are cross-region inference profiles. So if your endpoints are on bedrock, we're going to talk about cross region a little bit more in a bit. But the basic idea here is that with cross region inference, if one specific region goes down or gets overloaded, bedrock can automatically redistribute that traffic to other regions. And you can you can restrict that traffic to a specific geography or global. And global is actually going to give you the highest throughput. But there are built in features for doing that. There are some finer points. Get into that later. Also, keep in mind EC2 auto scaling groups can be used in front of SageMaker AI endpoints that can give you load balancing and also auto scaling, just like it says on the tin, as a way of better managing your resources for your endpoint deployments. And there are many ways to go about deploying a model on SageMaker AI, so you can choose from one of many different model servers to actually host your models with. Uh, among them are Torchserve. If it's based on PyTorch DJ serving. I didn't actually never heard of this until I actually started studying for this exam myself. But Dgl stands for Deep Java Library and apparently this is an Amazon thing, which is why you're more likely to see it on the exam. So it's basically a Java based deep learning library because, you know, most things are Python these days. For whatever reason, Java is more efficient. So, you know, not a bad motivation. Anyway, with the deep Java library, you create deep learning containers that you can then deploy using JL serving on SageMaker AI. And again, it's an Amazon thing, but you just need to know that it's a model server that can be used with SageMaker. That serves up Java code that does deep learning. Also, it supports the Triton inference server as well. And a few more quick points here. So uh, another tip is to use asynchronous inference if latency is not important. So SageMaker AI has async endpoints you can choose from if you want to. So if you don't need an immediate response, that's a way to actually kick off a request to your inference and then get back the result at some later point. You know, it'll just call you back and say, hey, I got an answer for you. Finally. So if you don't need, uh, if latency is not critical, that's the way to save a little bit of money. You could also implement yourself, um, using SNS or SQS. Just kind of building up your own queue of, uh, hits to your entrance point there and kind of like, let them back up and control the rate that they come at. Also, there are model compression techniques you can use to further save your, uh, your inference capacity with. So smaller models take less space to deploy and that can save you money. So some ways of doing that is, uh, quantization. So one trick I think deep Seek did this was taking an existing model and just quantizing the bit depth of its weights down. And sometimes that works surprisingly well. So, you know, maybe you don't need 32 bit precision for your weights. Maybe 16 is enough, maybe eight is enough for all that matter. And that's a really great way to save some space without necessarily losing a lot of performance pruning, you know, just cutting off layers in the model that you don't need. I mean, a lot of it's unused, quite honestly. Another trick is called knowledge distillation, and the idea here is that we train a smaller model from a larger model. So the idea there is that we distill the useful knowledge from that larger model and force it to go into a smaller model somehow. And, you know, it turns out that there's a lot of wasted space in some of these larger models that you don't really need. And that's a way to kind of, well, distill it down to what you do need. So that's a way to make a large model smaller, which means it takes less space to deploy. And we'll also be a little bit quicker. And general advice do not optimize prematurely. So it's important to always be measuring your actual performance, your actual costs, and your actual resource utilization before you try optimizing things prematurely. Don't solve problems that don't exist, so make sure you have monitoring frameworks set up, and you're checking CloudWatch and keeping track of what's really going on and what your real problems are, and working backwards from those problems instead of making up ones that don't actually exist. All right. That's our general advice for optimizing foundation model deployments on SageMaker AI.