Let's finally talk about SageMaker Ground Truth service. This is a relatively new product from Amazon. And what is it? Well, it's basically a way of using humans to label your data. And I kind of struggled with where to put this in the course. In the end, I ended up putting it in feature engineering because fundamentally it comes down to dealing with missing data. And in this case, it's really more about missing labels and missing features more often than not. But you could, you know, actually apply this to missing features as well. Basically the idea is that if you have missing data that can be inferred easily by a human ground, truth lets you farm these tasks out to actual human beings to fill in that missing data for you. And the most common example of this is in the world of image classification. So for example, if I'm training a new image classification model, in order to train that, someone's going to have to go through and actually tag all these training images with what's actually in them, right? It's not going to be an easy thing for a computer to do necessarily. So for example in this picture here we have someone classifying this picture as being of a basketball or a soccer game. Uh, someone's got to go through and do all that work. Well, kind of a bird is this where are the birds in this image? Things like that. So Ground truth will manage a fleet of human beings who will go through and label your data for training purposes. So if you have a huge data set, like a bunch of pictures and you need labels on them, sometimes human beings are the best way to actually get those labels. Ground truth is what manages that process for you. But it's more than just managing the humans that label your data. The thing that sets ground truth apart is that it creates its own model as those labels are coming in. So this model is learning as it receives more and more label data from the humans, and over time, it's only going to send out labels to the humans that it's not sure about. So as time goes on, as it gets more and more labels from the human labelers, it will create a model of its own, and only the ambiguous cases will be sent out to human labelers going forward. So this model builds up over time, gets better and better over time, and only the things that the model is not sure about actually get farmed out to human beings. This ends up reducing the cost of your labeling jobs by up to 70%, which is pretty substantial. Who are these people? Well, you have different choices of who ground truth can use. One is just using the Amazon Mechanical Turk workforce. This is a huge workforce of people around the world who will label your data and do a bunch of other simple tasks for you for a very small amount of money. You can also choose to farm it out to your own internal team. So if you're dealing with very sensitive data, that might make sense for you. And there are professional labeling companies out there as well who do nothing but, uh, have a fleet of human beings who label training data for a living. So if you want someone who's a little bit more specialized in this sort of thing, you can spend even more money and use one of them. Now, there are other techniques. And just using humans to actually generate training labels that you don't have. One other would be to use AWS Rekognition service, which we'll talk about more later on in the course. Basically, it's an AWS service for image recognition. So if you do need to classify images, that could be either for creating labels or maybe even feature data, you know, maybe you just have a feature in your data set for what is in this image. Recognition has a pre-trained model for most common types of objects that you can just use. So if you are just using, you know, Classifications of general objects in the world. Recognition might be able to do that for you if you're dealing with textual information as opposed to images, comprehend might be useful. Basically, that is a AWS service. You're doing text analysis and topic modeling, so you could automatically generate topics or sentiments for a given document that way. So that might be a way of both creating labels and maybe even additional training features. Right. So this is another example of feature engineering where you might generate additional features in your model by using something like comprehend. So if I have a document, maybe I can use comprehend to generate new features that include the topic of that document or the sentiment that that document represents, and that might be useful information for training a machine learning model. So that's why this is in this section about feature engineering. You know, you can actually apply these techniques of using existing services or even human beings to generate more information that your model can use. Really, any pre-trained model or unsupervised learning technique can be helpful in generating new training labels or even new training features in your data set. So ground truth is pretty simple, but if it's still too hard for you, there's something called ground Truth Plus where somebody just does it all for you, and it's a turnkey solution where you just basically hire someone through AWS to set it all up and manage the whole project for you. So in the documentation, they call it our team of AWS experts. I'm not really sure where they come from, but these people will manage the workflow and set it all up for you and manage your team of Labelers for you. All you do is fill out this form that says who you are, what you're trying to do at a high level, and they'll contact you and try to work out the details and discuss the pricing, which they do not publicly disclose. But I imagine it's not cheap because of this sort of a white glove treatment that they give you as they set things up and they start actually getting results back from their army of labelers, you can track their progress through the Ground Truth Plus project portal, where they give you some handy dandy charts, uh, displaying how the progress is going and what the results look like when they're finally done, you'll get your label data back from S3, but not a whole lot to talk about here. Uh, basically, it's a way of handing off the whole problem of labeling your data to somebody else. Uh, ground truth. Plus, if you're willing to pay for it.