Let's spend a little bit of time talking about SageMaker model monitor. Unfortunately, if you deploy a machine learning system into production, you can't really guarantee that it's going to perform the same way forever. The nature of the data coming into that might be changing over time in ways that you did not anticipate, and it might affect the performance of your model in ways that you don't want. So SageMaker Model Monitor allows you to receive alerts through CloudWatch on any quality deviations on your deployed models. It can visualize data drift, so it can allow you to keep track of how the nature of your input data is changing over time. For example, if you're predicting whether somebody is creditworthy for a loan, maybe that starts to change over time as the distribution of the attributes of the people that you're making predictions for changes, or maybe you have some sort of a problem where you're starting to miss some input features, maybe there's a data quality problem there, or missing data that didn't originally occur that would result in data drift that you might want to know about. It can automatically detect anomalies and outliers in the data as well that you might need to, uh, address. It can detect new features in your data that weren't there before. So maybe all of a sudden you're seeing new information in your data that's coming into your model. Um, you might want to know about that. Maybe that's something you want to take advantage of, right? And it doesn't require any code. You know, you can do this all visually within SageMaker studio. SageMaker model monitor also integrates with SageMaker clarify and SageMaker clarifies job is to detect potential bias or one of its jobs anyway. For example, if you have imbalances across different groups or ages or income brackets, it can find that out. And using SageMaker Model monitor, you can monitor for that bias and be alerted to that as well. Through CloudWatch. SageMaker clarify comes into the picture by helping to explain the model's behavior. So by using clarify, it can tell you not only that you have potential bias, but also tell you which features in your data is contributing the most to those predictions and where that bias might be coming from. There are several bias metrics that clarify can use, and I don't think it really is worth getting into the details. Just know that there's a bunch of ways that it can measure bias. And, um, they've all been thought through quite a bit. Kullback-Leibler divergence is a very popular one that I see a lot, but all of these are supported as metrics of bias in your training data. So there's a lot you can pick from here a little bit more about SageMaker model monitor. The data for Model monitor is stored in S3 and secured. So where it's storing all of that monitoring information is safe. Those monitoring jobs are scheduled with what we call a monitoring schedule. So this can happen on a schedule and as often as not often as you want. Those metrics, like I said, are emitted to CloudWatch. And then from CloudWatch you can use notifications to trigger alarms. So model monitor just dumps the data into logs in CloudWatch. It's up to you to actually trigger an alarm from that. Once you get that alarm. The idea is you would take some sort of corrective action, which might be retraining the model or auditing the data to see what went wrong. SageMaker Model Monitor can also integrate with TensorBoard, QuickSight, and Tableau for visualizing that data outside of SageMaker studio. Or you can just visualize it within SageMaker studio using its built in visualizations. But if you have third party dashboards outside that you want to integrate with, they can do that too. So there are specific monitoring types within Model Monitor that can monitor for you. One is the drift in data quality. So relative to some baseline that you define some statistical property of those features you can call quality and just measure if that statistical property is drifting over time or not. So quality is subjective. It's up to you to define what quality means, but whatever you define it as, it can detect drift and it automatically and drift in model quality, not just data quality. So what's the accuracy of your model? Conceptually, that works the same way as the data quality with a baseline that you define for the model quality, but it's measuring the accuracy of the actual model and how well it is at predicting things correctly. How do you know if it's correct or not? Well, you can integrate that with something called ground truth. So you can actually integrate model monitor with an army of humans who are out there helping you to label this data in what is considered to be correct. So you can compare the output of your model to human generated labels and model monitor can monitor the difference between the two. How accurate is your model compared to what these humans said? It can also detect bias drift. We talked about bias detection using Clarifai as well and also feature attribution drift. So this is also a feature of Clarifai where it's actually measuring the impact of each feature on your outputs. And if that is starting to change over time, model monitor can figure that out.