Let's talk about SageMaker pipelines, which is a way of orchestrating your machine learning or AI workflows. So whether you're training models from your data and checking how it's going and deploying them, well, it'll make more sense with this example. But at a high level, it's what we call a directed acyclic graph or a Dag for machine learning workflows. And a directed acyclic graph is just like this thing you see on the right here. A bunch of processes that are connected together in complicated ways is what it really means. And you can define this visually in the pipeline designer like you're seeing in this screenshot here. Or if you really want to do it the hard way, you can do it through JSON as well. This is integrated with SageMaker Unified Studio and SageMaker AI, but it makes more sense to just walk through this example to understand what a pipeline is. So in this particular example here, let's start at the top where it says process data. That purple node at the very top. So we've got some training data that came in. And we want to train our model with it. So if I follow that branch to the left there we can see that I'm doing a train model block there in my pipeline. Once that node finishes, let's follow that to the right. And we can see that that goes to a process data where we're evaluating the output of that model. And then under that we have that orange condition block where we're deciding whether or not that evaluation passes our expectations or not. If it's not good enough, then we go to the right and we fail. We're done. We give up, right? But if it is good enough, then we pass that check over to the left there. We're going to register that model in the model registry. And then we're going to create the model at the same time. And then after the model is created, we're going to go ahead and deploy that model with batch inference enabled. So this is an example of a machine learning workflow. From training a model to evaluating the model to registering the model and creating and deploying the model all in one SageMaker pipeline. So this allows you to automate this entire process from beginning to end and kick it off with whatever training data you have. And once you do so, you'll either end up with a new model deployed or a failure if it didn't pass. So that's SageMaker pipelines with a real example.