All right, let's play around with SageMaker Foundation models just to get your feet wet or your hands dirty. Whatever metaphor you want to use for getting familiar with SageMaker and using AI within it. Now I've gone to SageMaker AI, Amazon SageMaker AI from the console here. That's where we're going to start from. And under Jumpstart, you should find a foundation models, computer vision models, and natural language processing models. Foundation models are where the hotness is, so let's click on that and see what they got. Now before we dive in, I do want to warn you that what we're about to do costs real money. We're going to be spinning up some rather expensive instances to play around with this. And if we're only going to run it for like an hour or so, it's probably not too bad. But there is a very real possibility that you will forget to shut something down or not shut things down completely, and you could end up with a very nasty surprise at the end of the month. If that's the case, you could find yourself running up a bill of thousands of dollars if you don't follow along. Exactly. So you have been warned. My recommendation would be just to watch me here and do not follow along hands on because you are taking on a very real risk. Some people get upset with me for saying that all the time, but believe me, you'd be a lot more upset if you had a bill for thousands of dollars that you weren't expecting just for following along in this course. That said, let's take a look at what they have to offer here. Obviously, this list is going to change over time as Amazon adds more and more models, but you can see they've got a pretty good selection here for image generation. They have stable diffusion. They have Meta's latest models here which are quite good. They have Jurassic two uh, something I haven't heard of before. Like light on mini instruct. Interesting. And, uh, some more llama models from meta. Uh, AI 21. Also some stuff from them. Jurassic two. That's an oldie but goodie. Uh, cohere. And what else? I'm going to skip past Falcon because we're going to come back to that. But you're seeing here a lot of models also from hugging face. And that's kind of the de facto repository for other more academic models or research models. So that is also cool to see more meta models here. And you can see there's a pretty long list, a pretty good selection here to choose from, right? So I'm going to stick with a hugging face model just because they're cheap. And let's go ahead and select Falcon 40 B. Instruct BF 16. That's a text generation model. It's not a bad 140 billion parameters. That's a lot. It is a decoder only model just like GPT. And it is freely available under the Apache 2.0 license. So let's try that. Now. Obviously you could also run Falcon 40 B or any hugging face model from within Google Colab or something, and it would probably be faster and a lot cheaper. However, you are paying for the flexibility and control that AWS gives you and the ability to to run this within your AWS resources. To get started, let's click on View model. And from here we can get some more information about the model itself. That's basically what it said on the homepage there. It also has a link to the model card, which gives you additional information from the Hugging Face website. And there's that. So you can see here just some more information about what it's good for. Um, may not be ideal for further fine tuning, so it is possible to fine tune this model, but however, this isn't probably your best choice for it. Good to know. Also, some advice here on smaller, less expensive models. Uh, Falcon seven B instruct. So good stuff here. And also some little sample code here for getting started. So good resources there. Close out of that. And let's go ahead and click on Open Model in Studio and see if we can play around with it. However we don't have a SageMaker domain yet so that's going to be the first step. Let's go ahead and click on create a SageMaker domain. If you don't have one already. A SageMaker domain again is just sort of this, uh, meta environment, if you will, for all of your SageMaker stuff within your account. So it's basically storage space that's shared amongst your users and also a repository for high level configuration information and user level information. Now you can go with a quick setup here for a single user. That's all I'm going to do because we are just playing around that meets my needs. But if you did need to do something a little bit more fancy. You could instead say, set up for organizations and give yourself more control and more options that way. So if you need specific security settings, specific access to specific tools within SageMaker studio, advanced network security, data encryption, things like that, you can do that. But I'm just playing around. So I'm going to stick with setup for single user, and I can expand that out to additional options as well there if I want to, but I don't. So I'm just going to hit set up here and let's see what it guides us through. All right. So this is a lot easier than it would normally be. So you know usually when you set up a SageMaker domain you do need to set up those user profiles explicitly and whatnot. So you can see that it does take some time to set up that default domain. So I'm going to give it that time and I will come back when it is done. All right. So after a five minutes or so that finished and we now have a default domain with some default settings. It did prompt me earlier to choose a username, so we'll take care of that at a minimum. So anyway, let's walk through what's underneath this domain because it might be informative. So you can see that it gave us a default name of quick setup domain, whatever it is. Today's date. Um we have some default permissions set up. Um, some default roles and some default, uh, default VPC and subnets as well that were created for us. So that saves us a whole lot of grief. You can also see that it's set up a default user profile as well. While we're waiting for that to finish setting up, let's take a tour through the other domain details here. Space Management. So you can also set up a shared space here if you want to be able to share resources among other users in your domain. So by default we set up this one default user. But we could have more than one user in our account if we wanted to do that. So each user would have their own individual space. But you can also share space between them as well. And that's a place where you can put notebooks and other resources that they can all work on together within a communal IDE, and all using a shared EFS directory as well. So that could come in handy if you're working on a larger team, but again, this is a quick setup just intended for a single user, so we're not doing that right now. Um, there's also various app configurations. Again, like I said, there's various configuration data associated with the domain level. Uh, for example, for Q developer for Docker settings SageMaker studio at a high level. So these are all settings that have been set to a reasonable default for us. Also for SageMaker, canvas, Jupyter and the code editor, all this other stuff. So these are all the settings that are associated at the domain level. We also have some environment settings here that you can set up if you want to. We don't need any for what we're doing. And finally, um, any specific resources associated with our domain. So always important to keep an eye on this. So you know what is running under SageMaker. Because typically the resources under SageMaker are on some pretty expensive hardware instance types. So you definitely want to check in here and make sure nothing's running that you don't expect. Right now there is nothing running, which is good because I haven't actually spun up my notebook yet. Let's go back to user profiles still spinning. Let's refresh this page. That's better. It's not really still spinning. Now we can click on that and get more details. I said I could change the name, but I actually can't. If you were to hit edit on this, the name is not something you can change after the fact, so that's okay. I'll live with it. I'll, uh, I'll just call myself default 2025 0407 T14 2663 from now on. Cool. So let's go back to the domain here. And what I'm going to do is go back to that user profile and click on launch. And I'm going to launch a SageMaker studio instance. Uh, no, no tour yet. But if you wanted to, you could, of course. All right. So I have SageMaker studio up and running. Let's go back to that model and, uh, get back to where we started from here. So again, I'm under SageMaker AI Foundation models and we were trying to launch Falcon 40 B instruct Bf 16. Let's click on view Model again to get back to that. And again try to open it in studio. So we're going to select our default user profile and open studio. All right that brings us to this page here. And let's go to notebooks. And here is a sample notebook that we can play around with. Now what we have here is just a read only preview. If I want to actually run this I can open it in JupyterLab. So let's do that. All right. So let's create a new space because we don't have one already. And give it a name. I don't know, whatever you want. Sundog playground. How about that? Create space and open notebook. And that will take time. So I'll come back when that's ready. All right. As promised, it took about five minutes. So let's go ahead and open JupyterLab. Now, if I wanted to actually run this, I could. Now. However, I actually can't. And the reason why is because once you get down to actually deploying this model, it's going to try to deploy a machine learning extra large 48 instance type, which it costs a ridiculous amount of money. And that is the default for this model just for inference, which is kind of crazy, and it actually won't allow me to do that. I've tried this earlier and it gave me a resource limit error, because in order to use that sort of hardware, you actually need to reach out to AWS and ask permission for it because it is that expensive. So I'm just going to walk through kind of what this would do if I had infinite money, which I don't. So basically, all we need to do to use this model is to import Jumpstart model. From SageMaker Jumpstart model, we select the model ID, and if we want a specific version of that model, we can specify it. We're just going to use a wild card though, which says, you know, use the latest one, whatever it is. The idea for this specific model is hugging face. LM Falcon 40 B instruct BF 16. It could be any other jumpstart foundation model that was listed there as well, and that would also work. I changed except ULA to true here, which is just used, you know, to accept all the legalese stuff there. And then we deploy the model. And to do that we just create a new Jumpstart model instance there with the model ID and version that I specified above. And then we call deploy. That's the point where I'm going to run out of resources. So again that's where the real money starts adding up. All right. So then to use it all we need to do is call model dot retrieve all examples. It turns out there's a list of example prompts you can give to this model just to see what it can do. You know, answering questions sentiment analysis, things like that. And it will iterate through all of those example payloads and print out the input and output from that large language model. And there are some notes here on some things you can specify, for example, a random seed if you want to get more consistent results. The temperature also controls the randomness in the output. Top k. Top E also used for controlling just how random those results are. And also we can specify some parameters like the stop token that's used, and that's very useful for making sure that it doesn't just keep on going and talking forever. And when we're done, of course we need to call predictor dot delete predictor. Because again this is an incredibly expensive hardware. And you definitely would not want to leave that running. But hey, you don't have to worry about it because odds are your account isn't enabled for it anyway. On the off chance that you're doing this from a corporate account that actually does have access to that kind of hardware, please do not actually run this, or you're going to get in a lot of trouble with your boss. All right, so now that I'm done, I'm going to go to file and say log out. What why do I need to reload the site for that? Okay, whatever. Um, so we are not done cleaning up, though, you know, we did shut down that specific notebook, but there's a ton of resources associated with this domain. And if we leave it running, uh, we're going to be racking up a bill for the whole time, and it's kind of hard to find some of these resources. So our ultimate goal here is to delete this entire domain so we can be sure. Let's start with the resources tab and see what's going on here. And you had to give that a minute to populate. So you can see that we do still have a Sundog Playground JupyterLab application running here using up an Mllt3 medium instance type. And if I didn't know about that, I would have just left that running and got a big bill at the end of the month. So let's go ahead and shut that down. First of all, I'll select that and say stop. And let's go ahead. And it says it's stopping right now. So I'm going to trust that that's going to do what it needs to do. But we're just getting started here folks. We also created that shared space for the notebook as well. If you as you recall. So again these shared spaces are so you can actually share that notebook across multiple users in your domain if you had them. And we did create one in the process of spinning up that notebook. However that is also using resources. So we need to delete that too. If we want to make sure we're not getting any unexpected bills. Go ahead and delete that. I have to say yes, I'm sure. Obviously, you need to be careful about this in the real world, because you could be blowing away a lot of people's work by doing this. And that is deleting. And finally, I need to delete my user profile before I can delete the domain. Let's go ahead and click on that default name. And from here I can say delete. Yes I'm sure. All right. And even though it says it's spinning up here, it says it did delete successfully. Finally I need to delete the domain itself. So under domain settings they kind of hid this. You got to scroll down a little bit and say delete domain. Yes. And delete. And let's make sure that actually happens. So this says it's going to take a few minutes. So I am going to hang out for a few minutes and make sure it really does that. This will not update on its own by the way, so you do need to refresh this page once in a while to make sure that it really deleted. And again, you want to make sure you're not running up any resources that you're not aware of, or you're going to get a very nasty bill at the end of the month. So the moral of the story is SageMaker can be really expensive. And we saw that it wouldn't even let us try to run that specific inference on that model from hugging face. It's not even a big model, you know. But even though I didn't actually spin up that massive instance type that it wanted for that foundation model, it also spun up a lot of resources under the hood that you might not be aware of. So again, you just have to be super careful with SageMaker because it is notorious for running up large bills. However, we did learn how to peruse the foundation models that are available under SageMaker Jumpstart, how to actually launch SageMaker domain, and how to launch a notebook within that domain, and all the resources that go along with it. So I hope that was useful. And kind of seeing how SageMaker domains and foundation models and Jumpstart actually work.