Okay, so let's get into AWS CodeDeploy. CodeDeploy is obviously going to be a better focus on the DevOps Pro exam, but for the SA Pro you absolutely need to know how CodeDeploy works for deploying to EC2, ASG, ECS and Lambda. And this is what this lecture is going to cover. So CodeDeploy is going to help us deploy our applications to, for example, many EC2 instances. The idea is that they're all on the V1 version and we want to somehow migrate them to a V2 version by deploying new versions of the code. These instances are not managed by Elastic Beanstalk. They are running the DevOps, the CodeDeploy agents and this CodeDeploy agent is going to be the one helping these instances move on to the next version. So there's several ways to do deployments on AWS. There is Ansible, Terraform, Chef, Puppet, et cetera and even Beanstalk. But we can use the managed service AWS could deploy to do this specifically on AWS. Why? Because CodeDeploy has integrations with EC2 auto scaling in groups ECS and Lambda. So let's have a deeper look at to as to how CodeDeploy works for each and every one of these functions. So the first one is EC2. We define how we want to deploy the application in the file named appspec.yml + deployment strategy and deployment strategy could be how fast we want the rollout to be. Is it all at once? Is it gradual? And this is not the focus of this. We just need to understand how it happens at a high level. It will do in place updates to your fleet of EC2 instances. It doesn't create new EC2 instances. And we can define hooks on the EC2 instance to verify the deployment is working great after each deployment phase. So the idea for one example is called half at a time. We have four EC2 instances, they're V1 and half of them are going to be taken offline. So we have two of them gone. Then two of them are kept on v1. So right now we're serving half the traffic. Okay? So we may have more load onto these two remaining EC2 instances, but because these two, the other ones have been taken offline then they can be upgraded into a V2 version. So now we're running half of the EC2 instances on V2 and half of the instances on V1. Then we'll take the other half, we'll take it down. I mean CodeDeploy will do this for you obviously. And then the instances will be upgraded to v2. And we have successfully performed half at a time CodeDeploy deployments into EC2. There are different strategies that EC2 CodeDeploy can do for EC2, but just remember this one. It is very simple and it gives you an idea of the process. In this example, this is in place updates. So the EC2 instance is going to be changed to take down the V1 application in some way and make the V2 application appear right after. Okay, let's step it up a little bit and talk about CodeDeploy to your auto scaling groups. So you have two kind of updates to your auto scaling group. The first one is in place updates where you update the current existing EC2 instances in your auto scaling group. So this is very, very similar to what we've seen from the past slide. And the instances that get created by an ASG will also get automated deployment. So if your ASG does a scale out so it creates a new EC2 instance during an CodeDeploy deployment that could deploy will also deploy through that new EC2 instance. So this is one way, and I'm not representing it because we've seen it in the past slide but then there is blue green deployment and in that case a new auto scaling group is created the settings are copied and then the instances will be transferred from one auto scaling group to another. And we can choose how long to keep the old instances and we must be using an elastic load balancer for this kind of deployments. So I've simplified it, but here is the example. So ALB is serving traffic and we currently have an auto scaling group that has EC2 instances that are launched using the launch template V1 and CodeDeploy will deploy your application into these instances in case your auto scaling group starts adding more EC2 instance. So as we scale out for our auto scaling group, CodeDeploy is smart enough to start deploying the application to the instances. But as soon as we initiate a deployment for getting into a v2, we're getting into a blue/greenreen deployment and EC2 instances are going to be created in another auto scaling group. But in this example are just put it under the same it doesn't really matter and they get transferred over to the old auto scaling group. And so now we have both EC2 instances running the V2 and the V1. And so CodeDeploy has to deploy the application to these new EC2 instances running the V2 version. And then our ALB is going to be serving both versions at the same time. And if everything looks fine, then at some point CodeDeploy is going to remove the old EC2 instances and the deployment will have happened. So what we can remember out of this deployment is that if we're doing blue/green deployment with an ASG new EC2 instances are created and so they're clean. And then we just create the application V2 on these new EC2 instances. And that may be easier than shutting down the V1 instance of the V1 application and creating the V2 application on the same instance. So it's up to you, it's up to your requirements, but at least you've seen the blue/green deployment on the ASG. Next, let's talk about Lambda. So CodeDeploy can deploy to AWS Lambda and you need to know this. And what it will do is that it will use the traffic shifting feature of your Lambda alias. You can also define a pre and post-traffic hook Lambda functions that will help you validate the deployment itself. I'll show you this in a diagram right now and you can also get easy and automated rollbacks using a CloudWatch alarm that you would set up. And finally, if you're using the serverless application model framework SAML, then in case you deploy new Lambda versions through SAML it will natively use CodeDeploy for doing the deployment. And that is very important to remember. So let's go through a concrete example. We have our Lambda alias and it's running a V1 Lambda function. And so we're going to trigger CodeDeploy, maybe it's our CICD that's going to to trigger CodeDeploy. And CodeDeploy needs to create the V2 function of our Lambda. And right now it's going to be in the alias, but with 0%. So no traffic is going to go to our V2. CodeDeploy will then run if we have specified it a Lambda function, which is another Lambda function. And that Lambda function is called a pre- traffic hook function. And its role is to run some tests on your V2 Lambda function to make sure that it behaves properly. If it does behave properly and it passes the test then CodeDeploy will start using the Lambda alias traffic shifting feature to start shifting traffic between your V1 function and your V2 function. And so now your V2 function is going to start receiving traffic. You can also set up a CloudWatch alarm that is going to monitor maybe some metrics around your Lambda functions or other things such as if the CloudWatch alarm the CloudWatch alarm takes off, then CodeDeploy will automatically roll back your deployment and then you'll be back with just the V1 function. Finally, once the traffic fix shifting has done and is finished, we can run a post traffic hook. This is one more Lambda function that we have to define optionally that will run some tests. After all the traffic has been shifted onto our V2 Lambda function. And if everything passes, then our V1 Lamda function is gone and the Lambda alias only serves the V2 Lambda function. And that's it, fairly simple. It looks like the same from before, but here you have to remember we're using the traffic shifting feature of the Lambda alias. And also we have Lambda functions for pre-traffic hook and post-traffic hook to run some tests during our deployments. Finally, we have CodeDeploy into ECS, and this is supported again with blue/green deployments for Amazon ECS and AWS Fargate. And the setup is going to be done within the ECS service definition. So it's not something you can do currently from the CodeDeploy console. You have to go into the ECS service and define it there. The idea is that a new task set will be created and then the traffic will be rerouted to the new task set. And then after the deployment has been done CodeDeploy will check if everything is stable for X number of minutes. And then if it is, then the old task set is going to be terminated so you have some time to notice issues if you need to. And another strategy is to use Canary deployments so that a Canary is used for 10% for five minutes and then everything is shifted over to the new deployments. So let's go through a diagram again. So our application answer is going to be linked to an ECS service. The ECS service is going to launch ECS task using the task definition number one, and then CodeDeploy is going to say Hey, I want to do a deployment onto ECS. You need to upgrade to a new task version task definition. So there's going to be a blue/green deployment and a traffic shifting feature that will happen. And so ECS service itself will start launching a new task set using task definition number 2 and that will be linked into the application balancer. And then CodeDeploy, we'll make sure that there is a traffic shifting feature happening. So this is a screenshot from CodeDeploy itself. And as you can see on the bottom right there's a traffic shifting progress, which is that this original instances right now have 60% of the traffic and the replacement instances have 40% of the traffic. And so the traffic will be shifted gradually over time. And then after everything has been shifted they will check for stability for maybe five minutes. And then if everything is stable, the old task definition the test definition number 1 and the task set associated with a task definition will be deleted. And CodeDeploy will have successfully performed a deployment onto ECS. So you can see the ideas are very similar. It's just that every single service at its quirks. So CodeDeploy uses service features that are gonna be native to that service, but the idea remains the same. And so if you do understand these four kind of deployments you are all set for your essay Pro exam. All right, that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.