Hi everyone. In this video we are going to talk about Azure Service Bus at a very high level. So we are going to understand what it does, what it's capable of doing and what are the different use cases of using Azure Service Bus. First of all, Azure Service Bus is one of the integration services available in Azure, and it's a past service fully managed message broker that allows us to build integration scenarios between different applications or within the same application. One of the key benefits of using Azure Service Bus is to have decoupled application and services. What we mean when we say decoupled application and services. Another term we could be using is loosely coupled versus tightly coupled. What does this mean? So let's have a look at this diagram here to understand it better. Now we have different systems that are generating different messages to the queue Azure Service bus queue. And then on the other side we have a system that is going to receive these messages from the queue. So the sender here or sometimes we call it the publisher can send messages to the queue. At the same time, when the receiver is off line and the receiver is able to pull messages from Azure Service Bus queue while the sender is not available anymore. So we have implemented a loosely coupled integration scenario between the sender and the receiver. So what do we mean when we say loosely coupled? It means that the availability of one system, the sender, is not going to be affected by the availability of another system, which is the receiver in this case. And also. Let's assume that the sender is able to generate messages at a very high rate. Maybe the sender is able to generate 1 million messages per second. However, the receiver doesn't have this capability to be able to consume all these messages at once. So by buffering all of these data and messages that the sender is able to generate at a very high rate and we buffer it in an Azure service bus queue, we allow the receiver to be able to consume these messages at its own pace, without any dependency on how quick or slow the sender is able to generate these messages. So which is going to bring us back to the second point of loosely coupled. Loosely coupled means the availability of one system is not going to be impacted by the availability of another system. Also, the performance of one system is not going to be impacted by the performance of another system. If the sender is able to generate 1 million messages per second, while the receiver is able to consume 1000 messages per second, each of them can work independently at their own pace. And this is one of the key use cases of using Azure Service Bus to have a loosely coupled architecture versus tightly coupled. So let's assume for a second, if we don't have the message queue in here, and then the sender has to interact directly with the receiver. In this situation we would have a tightly coupled architecture, because the availability of the sender is going to be impacted by the availability of the receiver. And the performance of the sender is going to be affected by the performance of the receiver. So we always want to aim to build a loosely coupled system rather than tightly coupled. And using Azure Service Bus to facilitate the integration between two systems is not the only use case where is still able to use Azure Service Bus to facilitate the requests between different services in the same system. So let's say that we have a service that generates orders, and then another service that is responsible to check the inventory or prepare the invoice. We can use Azure Service Bus to buffer the requests coming from the order service, so the invoice service will be able to consume it at its own rate. So for example, we will still be able to take on orders from our customers even though the invoices service is not available. Thanks for using Azure Service Bus queues, which is going to be used to buffer all requests coming from the order service until the invoice service is available again to process these requests. This is at a very high level. What we mean when we say loosely coupled versus tightly coupled, and how we can implement it within the same system or between different systems. Now coming back to the documentation here, we see the summary of Azure Service Bus benefits, load balancing, routing and transferring data between applications and services, and high degree of reliability by providing transactional work. Now let's have a look at the different scenarios where we should be using Azure Service Bus. And we have covered most of them already at a high level. But let's go through them quickly. First scenario here is when we build a messaging in our system. And as I said before, when we are making a purchase order and we want to check the inventory or generate invoices or journals. So if we look at this example here, we're using Azure Service Bus to create a message for each new order being placed into our system by the customer. Then we are going to be putting this message in Azure Service Bus queue to be consumed by inventory service or invoice service. Second scenario we have here is to decouple applications. As I mentioned before, we will be able to decouple applications from each other from one side, and we are able to decouple services and microservices from each other within the same system. Third scenario we have here is load balancing. As I said before, assuming that the sender is able to generate messages at a very high rate, maybe 1 million messages per second, while the consumer or receiver can consume these messages at a very slow rate, maybe 100 messages per second. Then we will be able to use Azure Service Bus queue to allow both systems to operate at its own performance, without any dependency on the other system. Now moving on to topics and subscriptions, which allows and enable one to many relationships between different systems. So in this scenario here we are using a message queue to facilitate the integration between two systems. But what if we want to facilitate the integration between one sender or one publisher and multiple subscribers? In this case, using topics and subscriptions will be much better to allow us to implement this scenario. And you can use Azure Service Bus in transactions to allow us to do several operations in the same transaction. For example, we can pull a message from a queue and then put the result in another queue, and then we are going to be moving the input message from the original queue or maybe deleted. All of these could happen in one transaction. And last scenario here. If you have a strict requirement about message ordering or message deferral. Message ordering is a very common use case for stock trading. So if you are building a system that's supposed to take orders from the customers, and then you are going to be sending these orders to the stock market, there is a strict requirement that the orders have to go to the stock market in the same order as it's been received from the customer. And having said that, you are able to use Azure Service Bus to ensure that the message ordering is going to be maintained in this scenario. So long story short. Azure Service Bus is just allows us to decouple two systems from each other. So the publisher is going to be generating messages and put it in the message queue. And then from the other side the receiver is going to consume the messages from the message queue. And as I mentioned before, the topics allows us to have one to many integration scenarios where we are going to have one sender to generate a message to be delivered to multiple receivers. This was a quick overview of Azure Service Bus and what it's capable of doing. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.