Hi everyone. In this video we are going to go ahead and create our Azure Service Bus queue. Then we are going to use Visual Studio to send and receive messages to our service bus queue. So let's get started by creating a new service bus queue. And let's put it in Sydney Resource Group and let's call it Azure Service Bus queue and my initials at the end Australia East region standard tier. And let's go all the way down and create our service bus queue. While we are waiting for this, let's open my Visual Studio and create a new project. And I'm going to go ahead and create a console app. And I'm going to call it Azure Service Bus Queue. And let's go ahead and create it based on dotnet version seven. All right. Now let's go to the documentation here and install Azure Service Bus package into our console app. All right, now let's get back to the documentation here and copy this code snippet. That's supposed to send some messages to Azure Service Bus queue. Now let's break it down and walk it through line by line. First thing, you are going to be creating a class from Service Bus client and another class for the sender. So we are able to send the messages to our Azure Service Bus queue. Now we have put the number of messages we are after. And in this example here it's going to be three messages we are going to be sending out to Azure Service bus queue. Now coming to the client options here we're going to be using Amqp web sockets. And in here we are going to change our service bus client and provide the endpoint for our service bus namespace that we have just created. So let me get back to the Azure portal and go to the Azure Service Bus queue and go to Shared Access Policies. And let's click on Route Manage Shared Access Key. And let's copy the primary connection string for my service bus. And let's put it here. All right. Now I need to provide my queue name. But I didn't create any queues yet. So let's go to queues and let's add a new queue and let's call it queue. And let's put this name in my code as well. So my name is going to be queue. We are going to be sending the messages to queue named queue in our Azure Service Bus. Now we are going to create a batch. So we are going to collect all of these three messages. We have specified before. We are going to group all of them in one batch and send it at once to the service bus queue. All right. Now let's go ahead and run this project and see whether we are going to be able to send these messages to Azure Service Bus queue or not. And as you can see here, a batch of three messages has been published to the queue, which is great. Now let's get back to the queue here and let's have a look at the messages. As you can see, the active number of messages are three messages, which are the messages that we have identified or created from our project. All right. So now we have created a sender that sends a message to the service bus queue. Now we need to receive these messages from the other side. So we are going to go ahead and create another project to receive these messages from service Bus queue. So I'm going to call this project Service Bus. Q receiver. And let's go ahead and create it based on dotnet version seven and same as before. I'm going to go ahead and install package for Azure Service Bus. However, I need to change the default project here to be Service Bus Receiver and install the service bus package one more time. All right. We have installed our package successfully. Now let's get back to the documentation and copy this code snippet to allow us to receive messages from our queue. Same as before. First step, we are going to be creating a service bus client and a processor to allow us to process the messages in the queue. And we are going to be creating client options set to Amqp WebSockets. Now I need to provide the namespace to my service bus queue. So I'm going to get back to my sender. Project, and I'm going to copy the end point for my service bus that I've created before. And I'm going to put it in the connection string to my service bus. And the queue name here is going to be queue. Now we are going to go ahead and create two handlers message handler and error handler. Let's have a look here and see what they do. Message handler pretty much prints out the content of the message, while the error handler just prints out. Any exception might happen. And we assign these two handlers into our processor. And then we are starting the processing asynchronously. Now let's set the starting project to be service bus queue receiver. And let's run it. Hoping to be able to receive the three messages that we have already put in the queue. And as you can see here, we have been already able to retrieve three messages from our queue. And if I go back to the Azure portal and refresh this page, as you can see here, there is no active messages in the queue anymore. And if we scroll a little bit down, you should be able to see the number of incoming messages that came to our queue and the number of requests. And as you can see here, incoming three messages and outgoing three messages. This was a quick video to show you how to create Azure Service Bus queue, and how we can send and receive messages from Azure Service Bus queue using Visual Studio. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. Let's go to resource Group and let's delete my resource group all together. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.