Hi everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we send and receive messages to Azure Service Bus topic. But before we get into that, let's talk a little bit about Azure Service Bus topic and understand the main difference between queues and topics in Azure Service Bus. The main difference lies in here is the number of consumers where in Azure Service bus queues, each message is supposed to be delivered to only one consumer. However, when we are using topics, we could deliver one message to multiple consumers. And this is going to be the main difference. Hughes is going to be primarily for only one consumer while topic for multiple consumers. So when the message gets delivered to Azure Service Bus topic, the topic is going to broadcast the message to all subscriptions created in the topic. And we are going to see the subscriptions. When we get to the hands on part of this video, we can create one or more subscriptions for each service bus topic. And then on the other side, business applications or services could register to the subscriptions so they will be able to receive the messages as they get through to the subscription. So someone might say, so what's it going to be the point of using a topic? Since all messages that gets delivered to the topic, it's going to be broadcasted to all subscriptions in that topic. So what's it going to be the point of having a multiple subscriptions? And the key point here is that we are able to create filter roles on these subscriptions. So since all messages are going to be coming to the topic once we specify and configure filter roles on subscription one, for example, then subscription one will only get the messages that meets the filter criteria that we have specified for subscription one. Then the business logic application will be receiving these messages. That only meets the filter criteria that we have configured for subscription one, and so on. So using filter roles will allow us to filter messages as they come through to our topic. And we are going to see this in more details in the next video. But now let's go to the Azure portal and create a new Azure Service Bus. And I'm going to create a new resource group. I'm going to call it org Sydney Dev. And then my service bus namespace. It's going to be service bus topic and my initials at the end. Australia East standard Tia. And let's go ahead and create my Azure service bus. All right, now let's go to Visual Studio and create a new project. I'm going to create a new console app. I'm going to call it Service Bus topic send. Receive. And let's go ahead and create it based on dotnet version seven. All right, now let's go back to the documentation here. And let's go ahead and install Azure Service Bus package on the cinder project. So let's go ahead and install it. All good. Now let's scroll down and copy this code snippet, which is very similar to what we have used before in service bus queue. Again, we are going to declare a new variable from Service bus client and send the. And we will specify the number of messages to be three. And in here I need to put the service bus client. So let's get back to the Azure portal and go to Shared Access policies. And then let's go ahead and copy Primary Connection string for my service bus. And let's go and create a new topic. And I'm going to call it topic. And let's go ahead and create it. And let's put topic in here in the topic name. And we are going to create a message batch, and we are going to be adding the messages into the batch through this for loop. Then we are going to be sending the batch to the topic using this statement here. So let's go ahead and run this project and see how it's going to work and whether we are going to have three messages being published to the topic. As you can see here, the messages has been published. So let's go to the topic and have a look and see whether we are able to see the three messages we have sent or not. And as you can see here, there is no message being delivered to the topic. And the reason is because we haven't created any subscription for this topic yet. So I'm going to go back to the topic and let's go to the topics. And let's go to subscriptions and add a new subscription for the topic to allow us to receive these messages. So I'm going to call it S1 and I'm going to go ahead and create it. All right. Now I'm going to go to the overview page of my topic and see whether we're able to get these messages or not. But as you can see here, since we haven't had any subscription in our topic, we kind of lost these messages. So let me go ahead and run the project one more time. Hopefully this time after the messages gets delivered to the topic. Now, the subscription that we have created here will be able to get these messages that we have sent to the topic. All right, all good. Now let's get back to Visual Studio and add a new project. I'm going to add a new Project Console app. I'm going to call it Topic Receiver. Based on dotnet version seven and same as before. Let's go to Package Manager and let's install Service bus package. However, I need to change the default project here to be topic receiver and let's go ahead and install it. Beautiful. Now let's get back to the documentation here and scroll down to get this code snippet. That will allow us to receive messages from the topic. So let's put it here. And again, it's a very similar to the receive messages code we have gone through in the service bus queue. We are going to declare a new object from Service Bus client and Service Bus processor to allow us to process the messages in that topic. And we are going to define two handlers, one message handler to print out the details or the contents of the message, and the error handler that is going to print out any exception might happen while we are executing this code. And in here I need to put the connection string for my service bus topic. So I'm going to get back to the sender project. And I'm going to copy the connection string to my Azure Service bus. All right. And in here I need to specify the topic name. And the topic name is going to be topic. And the subscription name is going to be S1. All right. And here we are attaching the handlers for message handler and error handler to our processor. And then we restart the processing asynchronously. All right now I'm going to go ahead and run my topic receiver project. And see if we will be able to get the messages from the subscription. And as you can see here, we have been able to read the messages from S1 subscription we have created. And if I get back to the portal here, you will be able to see that we don't have any more messages in the subscription because we have read all of them from our application that we have created. All right. And as you can see here in the graph here shows number of incoming requests, successful requests, failure, etcetera and the number of incoming messages and outgoing messages as well. All right. That's all I have for you regarding Azure Service Bus topic. And it was very simple and straightforward. In the next video, we are going to build something more advanced where we are going to be using the filter role on the subscription to allow us to filter certain messages as they come through to the topic, and it's going to only get delivered to a specific subscription that meets the filter criteria that we have configured in our filter role. Now I'm going to go ahead and clean things up. Let's go to resource group. And I'm going to delete the resource group all together. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.