Hi everyone. In this video I'm going to go ahead and create a service bus topic. And we're going to play around with the subscription filters to see how we can get certain messages to be delivered to particular subscriptions within the Azure Service Bus topic. So I'm going to go ahead and create a new Azure Service Bus. And let's create a new resource group. Let's call it org Sydney Dev. Let's call my service bus service bus inventory and my initials at the end. Australia East standard Tia. And let's go ahead and create my service bus. All right. Now let's go ahead and create a topic. And I'm going to call it topic. And then I'm going to go ahead and create three subscriptions. So let's get into my topic and go to subscriptions and create three subscriptions. S1. And then my second subscription is going to be S2, and my third subscription is going to be S3. All right. We are all good. Now let's go to Microsoft documentation here. And I'm going to get a code repo from GitHub that has a lot of service bus samples. And we are going to use one of them in this video. Let me copy this command here and open my Visual Studio Code. And let's clone this repo that has all of the samples for Azure Service Bus. All right, let's go ahead and clone it. So in the terminal here I need to browse to this folder. So let's go ahead and browse to this folder. Samples. Then dot net. Then Azure dot messaging dot service bus. Then basic send and receive tutorial with filter. All right. Now let's go ahead and build the solution. DotNet build. All right. Now we have been able to build it successfully. Now I'm going to get back to Microsoft documentation here. We have cloned the GitHub repo, navigated to the sample folder for basic send and receive tutorial with filter, and we built our solution. Now we need to run it. So I need to navigate to this path where I have dotnet core app 3.1 folder, and we should be able to find it there. So I'm going to type dire here to see different folders and then see the basic. And then bin, then debug, then dotnet core 3.1. Now let's go ahead and run the project and let me copy this command here and put it in my Visual Studio Code. However I need to do some changes. First of all I need to specify my topic name, which is topic, and I need to put my connection string for my Azure Service bus. So let's get back to the Azure portal and go to my Azure Service Bus Shared Access policies. And then let's go and copy the primary connection string for my service bus. And let's put it here. All right. Now I'm going to go ahead and run this command here. As you can see here we have a few options. And I'm going to go ahead and remove the default filters that are specified in the subscriptions of my topics, in case if there is any filters already specified. Now I'm going to go ahead and go to the second step to create my own filters. So I'm going to go ahead and do that. And let's go to the Azure and have a look at our subscriptions and see what kind of filters has been added to our subscriptions. So let's go to subscriptions. Here I am in subscription one. And as you can see here we have two roles has been added for my role one and my role two and same. If we checked subscription two, we will be able to see different roles. Has been added to the subscription to only limited to my role one and for subscription three. It will be limited to my role one as well. All right, now let's get back to Visual Studio Code. And now what I'm going to do is to send the messages to the topic, which is going to be step four. As you can see here, all messages has been sent. So if I'm going to get back to the topic and refresh this page, as you can see here, subscription one and two got four messages while subscription three got only two. This is because of the filter criteria we have specified on these three subscriptions. Subscription one and two has got so many messages because of the filter role we have created on the subscriptions. However, S3 was only able to get two messages. Now let's get back to Visual Studio Code and have a look at the code to understand why this filters work this way. So as you can see here we have different files Program.cs. And this is where we define the subscriptions as one and two and three. And then the filters here are going to be created based on these criterias. So this is how we have created our filters in the subscriptions. So if I'm going to get back to S1 and go to my role one to see what's in there, we should be able to see that store ID value should be in either store one, 2 or 3, which what we have already specified in here. And the second role when store ID is going to be equal four as you can see here. So this is why we are distributing the messages to different subscriptions based on these filter roles we have created on different subscriptions. And of course, we are able to make some changes here to deliver messages from different stores to different subscriptions. Or if we wish, we could do our changes here in the portal as well. All right, now let's get back to Visual Studio Code. And let's go ahead and receive the messages from these subscriptions by pressing on five. Now, as you can see here, we are now reading different messages from all subscriptions we have. And if I get back to the portal and have a look at number of messages left over in each subscription, we should be able to see that all of them are zero now because we have read all the messages from all subscriptions. All right. As I said before, this is where we define our filter roles for our subscriptions. And the main function here is translating the connection string or reading the connection string that we have provided in the command. Here we have put in the terminal to be able to use it in the project, and also by reading the topic name that we have provided. And then first step we have done remove the default filter. This is goes through all subscriptions in our topic and simply delete any filter roles that might be there before we run our sample project. Then after we remove the default filters, we are going to go ahead and create our own custom filters based on the dictionary here. So we are going to have different roles for different subscriptions. And we are going to give it a generic name, my role, and we are going to increase count based on how many roles we are going to be adding. And then we are going to be sending the messages to the topic, and it's going to be easy and straightforward. We have seen it before multiple times with queues and topics, and then we are going to be receiving the messages from the topics. The key thing here is the messages are going to get delivered between the topic and the subscription, based on the filter roles we have configured here. All right. That's all I have for you in this video. It was mainly to show you how we can use filter rolls to direct certain messages to certain subscriptions in our topic. And now I'm going to go ahead and clean things up. I'm going to go to resource Group. Org. Sydney Dev. And then I'm going to delete my resource group. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.