Hi everyone. In this video we are going to see how can we handle service bus events using Logic Apps. And we are going to be using Azure Event Grid to facilitate the communication between Service Bus and Logic App. So we are going to be using one of the code samples to publish some messages to Service Bus topic. And on the other side, at logic app side, we are going to be creating a workflow to read these messages and send an email for each of these messages. Let's get started by creating a new service bus. And let's create a new resource group. Let's call it RG Sydney. And my service bus name is going to be SB Logic App and my initials at the end Australia East premium tier. And let's go ahead and create my service bus. All right. My service bus is ready. So let's go ahead and create a new topic. And I'm going to call it topic. And let's go ahead and create it. In my topic, I'm going to create one subscription. And I'm going to call it as one. Let's go ahead and create it. All right. Now I'm going to go ahead and create my logic app workflow. So let's go to Logic Apps. And I'm going to go ahead and create a new logic app in Sydney Resource Group. I'm going to call it Logic App Service Bus and my initials at the end. And I'm going to put it in Australia East region. I'm going to choose consumption tier and I'm going to go ahead and create my logic app workflow. All right. My Logic App instance has been created. So I'm going to go to the Logic App Designer. And I'm going to add a trigger based on Event Grid. And the action I'm going to choose is when a resource event occurs. This is the new designer, by the way, and it's still in beta. Ideally, we should be able to fill up this information automatically from a dropdown, but because it's still in beta, I have to provide these values myself. So for the subscription ID I'm going to use my subscription ID here. And I'm going to enter a custom value. And for the resource type here I'm going to enter Microsoft dot Service Bus dot namespaces. And for the resource name here, I'm going to put the name of my logic app workspace. All right. Now when we get to the parameters here I'm going to choose suffix filter. And the value is going to be the name of my subscription I have created in my topic. And this is how we configure the event grid to be triggered based on the events that are happening on my service bus, as I have configured it here. All right. Now let's go ahead and add a new step. And now I'm going to search for service bus. And I'm going to explain the actions to be able to see all actions that are available for me on Azure Service Bus. And I'm going to search for get messages from topic subscription Peak lock. And I need to fill in this information here as well. So I need to create a new connection to my service bus. So I'm going to call it connection or maybe service bus connection. And I'm going to get back to my service bus and go to shared access policies. And then I'm going to copy the primary connection string to my service bus. And then I'm going to put it here and create a new connection. Now I need to fill up this information as well. So my topic name is going to be topic and subscription name is going to be S1 as I created before. And let's leave everything else to the default values. And now I'm going to add one more step. And let's search for control. And I'm going to search for probably see more control. I'm going to choose for each. And I'm going to choose the output from a previous step, and I'm going to choose the body. All right. Now, within this for each loop, I'm going to add another action. To send an email. So I'm going to search for outlook. And I'm going to send an email. And I need to set up a connection. To my outlook account. So I'm going to verify my credentials. And then I'm going to send an email to myself. And the subject here is going to be subject. Then I'm going to add an expression. So the expression I'm going to add is going to be. Base64 to string. Items. For each. Then content editor. All right. And let's go ahead and add this expression. And the body is going to be test. And. This is what we need to do to configure send email. Now I need to add one final action. And let's search for service bus. And let's expand the actions. And I'm going to choose complete the Message in topic subscription. And I'm going to choose my topic name and my subscription. And the lock token is going to be based on lock token. And let's leave everything else to the default values. All right. Now I'm going to go ahead and save my logic app workflow. And if I go to the overview tab. I wouldn't be able to see any runs for my workflow. And if I go to trigger history, you can see a failure. So let's go and see what might be wrong. As you can see here, we are missing subscription. Actually, it's not a service bus subscription, it's an Event grid subscription. So we need to go ahead and create a new event grid. Topic and create an event subscription on my service bus to allow this communication to happen. So I'm going to go to the event Grid system topics, and I'm going to add a new system topic. And I need to choose Service Bus namespaces here as my topic type, and then the subscription and my resource group. And then I'm going to choose my service bus. Now I'm going to call my event grid topic to be E g dash topic Australia East Region. And let's go ahead and create my topic. All right. Now I'm going to get back to service bus and go to events. And in here I need to create a new event subscription for Event Grid. So let's add a new event subscription. I'm going to call it event. It's going to be based on event grid schema. And in here I need to specify the topic name. So the topic name is going to be a topic that we have just created. And the endpoint type is going to be webhook. And if I get back to my logic app, you should be able to see the workflow URL here. And you can use it in your endpoint details. Now I'm going to go ahead and create this event subscription. All right. We have created our event subscription. Now, if I get back to my logic app and refresh this page, probably we are not going to see any difference. Anyway, let's open Visual Studio Code, and if you remember the code samples we downloaded in the previous video. Let's go to samples dotnet Azure Messaging Service bus and service bus. I've integrated integration version two. This is what we are going to be using. So actually I'm going to open it in a solution explorer to make it easier for me to view it. Now in the Message Sender project let's go to programs. And in here I need to put the connection string to my service bus. So let's get back to my service bus and go to shared access policies. And then let's copy the primary connection string to my service bus. And let's put it here in the code. And I need to specify my topic name. It's going to be topic. And let's go ahead and see if our changes and let's run our solution. So we are going to publish some messages to Azure Service Bus topic. Now. And if I'm going to go to the service bus here and scroll down, you should be able to see the number of messages that we have in our topic. And if I'm going to go to my topic and scroll down, you should be able to see some messages been published to my topic. And if I get back up to the events. As you can see here, we have published the events equal three and the matched events equal two, which means that our logic app workflow has been triggered more than one. And if I'm going to go to the overview tab, we should be able to see in the run history that we have a failure and a successful implementation. And let's go to the failure first and see what might have been failed. And let's go through different messages. And as you can see here, there is a failure to complete the message with lock token. And simply because the lock on the message has been lost, so this should be fixed in the following run. However, other messages has been successfully sent through the email, as you can see here without any issues. Now, if I get back to my service bus topic and I'm going to refresh this page. Or go to my topic and have a look at the number of active messages. As you can see here, we don't have any active messages anymore. And I'm going to go ahead and open my email to show you the emails I have received after I put these messages in my service bus queue. And as you can see here, these are the five messages that we have sent. That's all I have for you in this video. This is to show you how we can handle service bus events using Logic Apps. And we are using Azure Event Grid to facilitate the communication between service bus events and Logic Apps. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. So I'm going to go to Resource Groups. Org Sydney. And I'm going to delete the resource group. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.