Hi everyone. In this video we are going to see how we can handle Azure Service Bus events using function app and same as before, we are going to use Azure Event Grid to facilitate the integration between Azure Service Bus and Azure Function app. So let's go ahead and create an Azure Service Bus. So let's create a new resource group. Let's call it org Sydney. And let's call my service bus ESP function app and my initials at the end. And I'm going to go for premium tier. And let's go ahead and create my service bus. All right. My Azure service bus is created. So let's go ahead and create a new topic. And I'm going to call it topic, and I'm going to go ahead and create a new subscription for topic. So let's create a new subscription and let's call it S1. And let's go ahead and create it. All right. Now I'm going to get back to the code sample that we have used before. And it's going to be under this path. Samples dotnet Azure messaging service bus service bus integrate integration version two. And then I'm going to open this solution using Visual Studio 2022. All right. Now I need to do some changes. So I'm going to get back to my Azure service bus. And. Let's go to the main namespace. And then I'm going to go to shared access policies to get the connection string to my service bus. And I'm going to copy the primary connection string. And then in messages in the project. I'm going to open the program docs and I'm going to put my connection string in here. And the topic name is going to be topic. And for function upon projects in receive message on events. I need to do the same. I need to put my service bus connection string in this variable here. And then I'm going to save my changes. Now let's build our solution to make sure that we don't have any errors. All right, all good. Now I'm going to go ahead and publish my function app to Azure. And I'm going to create a new publishing profile to Azure based on windows. And I'm going to go ahead and create new resources. The resource group name is going to be Sydney Consumption Plan Australia East. And I'm going to go ahead and create a new app Insight instance and storage account as well. And let's go ahead and create my function app in Azure. All right. My function app is created. Now let's go and check it in Azure. So let's open the function app in a new tab. And let's go to my function app. And in here I should be able to see my function. However, I am not able to see it. Sometimes you need to publish it twice to be able to see different functions in your function app projects. So the initial run that we have done, we have configured our publishing profile and we have created the function app itself. And in our second run, we should be able to see our function in the function app project. So I'm going to go ahead and publish it one more time, and hopefully we will be able to see the function in the function app project. All right, the publishing has been completed. So let's get back to my function app and let's have a look at the functions. And as you can see here we're able to see event grid trigger function. Now I'm going to get back to my service bus and go to events. And same as before I need to create a new event subscription to allow my Azure Service Bus events to be captured by Event Grid, and then pass it through to Azure Function app. So I'm going to call my event subscription event based on Event Grid schema. And since the topic name is going to be Event Grid Topic. And for the end, the point here is going to be Azure Function. And let's go ahead and configure it based on our G Sydney resource Group and my function app production slot. And my function is integrated trigger function. And let's confirm our selection and create the event subscription. All right. My event subscription is created. So I'm going to get back to Visual Studio. And I'm going to run Messages and Project to send some messages to my Azure Service Bus topic. Now I'm going to get back to my service bus topic. Or event. And let's refresh this page. As you can see here, the match ID events is one. So. When the messages arrived to the service bus topic, it triggered the event subscription we have configured asking if integrate to trigger a function app to process these messages. So if I'm going to get back to my function app here and go to Integrate Trigger function and go to monitor, and let's give it a few minutes before we will be able to see the success invocations for our function app. So I'm going to get back to my event grid trigger function. And I'm going to refresh this page. And as you can see here we have a successful invocation for our function app. When new messages arrived to our service bus queue. And this is how we can trigger or handle Azure Service Bus events using function app with the help of Event Grid. Now I'm going to go ahead and clean things up. Let's go to resource Group. I'm going to go to Sydney and I'm going to delete my resource group. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.