Hi everyone. In this video I'm going to walk you through building a message driven application using Azure Service Bus and in Service Bus. And in case if you don't know what N service bus is, it's a messaging framework implemented by particular and it isolates or abstracts the infrastructure work for you. So you can focus on building your business logic. Now let's go to Azure Portal and let's go ahead and create my Azure Service bus. I'm going to create a new resource group. Let's call it org in Service Bus. And let's call my Azure Service bus, SB, n Service Bus and my initials at the end Australia East standard to. By the way, standard theory, the minimum tier you should use if you want to work with in Service Bus. Now let's go ahead and create our Azure Service Bus. And let's get back to the documentation here. And let's open this documentation to download a code sample. And let's download it for version seven. And let's open the solution using Visual Studio 2022. As you can see here we have three projects Sender and Receiver. Both are console apps. Sender is a project that sends a message to the receiver, and the receiver is going to receive these messages and sends an acknowledgement. And the shared project here where we have our contracts and our reference to in Service Bus. All right. The first step I need to do here is to update the connection string to my Azure Service bus. So let's get back to Azure Portal and go to Shared Access policies. And let's get the connection string for my service bus namespace. Let's copy the connection string and let's put it in the Azure Service Bus connection string for the sender project. And I'll need to do the same with the receiver project. Let's go to App Settings and let's update Azure Service Bus Connection string. And let's save our changes. All right. As I said before, shared, the project is where we define our contracts and we have ping pong. So ping class defines the message that the sender needs to send to the receiver. And it implements a command interface and its interface in in service bus. And we have a class that defines the acknowledgement that the receiver is going to acknowledge when the receiver receives a message from the sender. And pong class implements a message interface. And again it's an interface in Nservicebus framework. Now let's go to the sender project and have a look at Program.cs. And this is where we are going to send our ping messages. And we have configured our sender project to send the messages to the Azure Service Bus. And the first step we need to do here is to define the hosting and logging for our cinder project. As you can see here. Then we will get to define our service bus. And as you can see here we are defining our endpoints to be sender. And then we are configuring the connection string to be our Azure Service Bus connection string. And then we define the routing. So we are going to route the messages of type ping and send it to the receiver, which is our project that is supposed to receive ping messages. And finally here we have enabled installers which is going to set up our topology in Azure Service Bus namespace. When the endpoint is launched. So it's going to create the required queues that are necessary for this project. Then we have Cindy Walker. And we are going to use a message session in execute async function and it's injected in send. I woke Walker project to allow us sending messages using a service bus outside of the message handler. According to the routing configurations we have specified before. So we are going to route messages of type ping to receive our. All right. That's all we need to know about the sender for now. Now, let's go have a look at the receiver. And it's going to be very similar to the sender. First of all, we define our hosting and logging. Then when it comes to end service bus configuration, we define the endpoint to be a receiver. Then we set up our connection string to our Azure Service bus. And because the receiver doesn't have any routing, we don't need to configure any routing as we have configured in the sender case. Because in the receiver we only receive messages. And this is the main difference between sender and receiver. We just need to call out the transport layer and configure it based on Azure Service Bus connection string. And same as before, we are going to enable installers to create any queues might be required to run this sample. Now let's have a look at Pink Handler. And this class implements I handle message interface from in Service Bus framework and it implements only one method handle. So in the end, the point receives a message of type ping. It should be processed by the code we are going to be using in handle function. And for the handle method, it takes the message as a parameter. In addition to the context which has more information about the message like its operation, replying commands, publishing events, etcetera. And what you are going to do is just log on the information and send an acknowledgement. And this is very similar to the pong handler where we are going to implement a handle message of type pong. So in our endpoint receives a message of type pong. It's going to implement the code that we write in the handle method. And same as before. Handle method takes a message as an input param in addition to context which has more details about the message. All right. Now let's go ahead and run the project. But before we do that, let's go ahead and configure start up projects. And I want you to make sure that you are able to start both sender and receiver when you run your solution. And as you can see here, it's been already configured for me. Now let's go ahead and run the solution. And as you can see here we have two command lines opened for me one for the sender and the other for receiver. Let's open them side to side. Here on this side I have the sender sending messages to the receiver. As you can see here, it keeps going on and on. And on this side the receiver received the messages that the sender has sent already. All right. That's good to know. Now, let's close this off and get back to Visual Studio. A very important concept we need to keep in mind when we implement our solution is the resiliency. So what will happen in case of a failure? The failure could be because of a network failure, database deadlock, or a change in a third party API, or any error could happen. So if I'm going to go to the project programs dot CS. And now I'm going to go ahead to the documentation to copy some code that we should be using to make our error handling more efficient. So let's scroll down here to the Resilience in Action. And let's go ahead and copy this code. And let's put it in our cinder project. After enable installers. All right. And what this code does, it configure our endpoint to have some recoverability. So we have two options either to retry immediately or we could have a delayed retry. And in each of these cases we can define the number of retries we are after. And in case of the delayed retry we can define the time increase for the delayed retry. By the way when we get a database deadlock error, it will make more sense to try the delayed retry to give our database more time to recover, hoping that our next trial will be successful. All right. Now let's go to ping handler in the receiver project. And you might have noticed this command line here. And I want you to uncomment it. So we are going to get errors all the time. All right, now let's run our solution one more time. And let's put each of these side to side. So we have the sender on one side and the receiver on the other side. Now after we have sent like 7 or 8 messages I'm going to close the sender project. However, the receiver is still going because we have configured the receiver to have some retries on the failed messages. Now the receiver has finished the trials for our messages. And as you can see here, there is a delayed retry has been scheduled for our message. And if we scroll a little bit up, we should be able to see an immediate retry for our message. As you can see it here, immediate retry is going to retry the message. This is to make your solution more resilient because again errors are going to happen at all time, maybe because of network database or API errors. And you need to keep that in mind and build your solution for resiliency. All right. That's all I have for you in this video. This was a quick walkthrough to show you how we can use Azure Service Bus within Service Bus to send and receive messages for a business application. Now let's go ahead and clean things up. So I'm going to go to my resource group. And I'm going to go to Org and Service bus and let's see delete our resource group. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.