Hi everyone. In this video we are going to see how we can use auto forwarding option in Azure Service Bus and its interesting feature. When we enable auto forwarding in an Azure Service bus queue or topic. Then when we send a message to this queue or topic, Azure Service Bus automatically is going to remove the message from the queue or topic and send it straight to the destination queue or topic as we are going to see in more details in a minute. Having said that, you still able to send the messages directly to the destination entity, whether it's a queue or topic. Talking of the tiers, basic tier doesn't support auto forwarding option, and if you want to use auto forwarding, you should aim to have a standard tier as a minimum to be able to use it. Now let's go to the Azure portal and let's create a new Azure Service Bus. I'm going to create a new resource group. I'm going to call it Org Auto Forward. And then I'm going to call my service bus SB oh two forward. And my initials at the end. Australia East Standard time. And I'm going to go ahead and create my service bus. All right. Now I'm going to go to Visual Studio. And here I have the samples that I've downloaded before in a previous lecture. So I'm going to go for a basic message handling and I'm going to open or to forward the project. I'm going to go to Program.cs. And in here I need to specify a value for my connection string, which is going to be the primary or secondary connection string for my Azure service bus after it's been created. And what this code does, pretty much. We have one source topic. Where we are going to send our messages directly in the first place. And this is where we are going to enable auto forward from the source topic to the target queue. Then we have a target queue. This is where we are going to receive the messages that are going to be sent to the source topic automatically. So we have two messages here M1 and this should be two. We are going to send M1 message to the topic, which automatically is going to be forwarded to the target queue. At the same time, we are going to be sending a message directly to the target queue and the message is going to be M2. And what we are going to see now, which message is going to be arrived to the target queue first, based on the code here we are going through these two messages and we are printing the details of the message and their priority. All right. Now I'm going to go back to Azure Portal. And I'm going to go ahead and copy the primary connection string for my service bus. And let's put it in my code here. And let's go ahead and run auto forward project. As you can see here, I have got an exception because I don't have any queues created in my service bus yet. So what I need to do now is to go to my Azure service bus and create a topic. And my topic is going to be auto forward source topic. So let's go ahead and create it. All right, now let's go to Q's. And my queue name is going to be Auto Forward Target queue. Let's go ahead and add this queue as well. All right, all good. Now let's run our solution one more time. As you can see here, M two message has been printed out because this is the message that we sent directly to our target queue. However, when it gets to M one message it wasn't able to receive it successfully. Why is that? Because we haven't enabled auto forwarding on that topic yet. So if I'm going to get back to Azure Portal and go to topics and in here I need to create a new subscription for this topic. So let's go ahead and create a subscription. And let's call it's one. And in here. I need to forward the messages to Q or topic and I'm going to choose my target Q and let's go ahead and create this subscription. All right. Now let's get back and run our solution one more time. As you can see here. Target. Q was able to get both messages and also pay attention that M one message has been received before. M two message. Even though we have sent M2A message directly to our target queue, but because we have enabled auto forwarding option on the source topic. Once the source topic received m one message, then it pushed it straight away to the target queue. That's why we have been able to receive M one message before M two message. All right, that's a really nice feature. But why we should use it if we get back to the documentation here and go through some scenarios where you should be, consider enabling auto forwarding for your Azure Service Bus topic. And the first use case we have here is the ability to scale out an individual topic. So when you enable auto forward on a topic. It will allow you to scale out your topic. Azure Service Bus has a limit on the number of subscribers on a specific topic, and it's up to 2000s. And in case if your subscriptions are going to exceed these 2000s, then you should consider enable auto forwarding and have a chain of topics to allow you to have more than 2000 subscribers. Having said that, having a second level topic is not going to be only useful in case of hitting the limit scenario. It's going to be useful to improve the throughput of your topic. All right. The second scenario we have here is let's assume that we have an ERP system that has three main modules order processing, inventory management CRM. Each of these modules pushes the message to a specific topic. So we have orders topic inventory topic and CRM topic. And we have two employees, Alice and Bob. Each of these employees are interested to receive all messages being sent to all of these topics that meets meet specific criteria. So Alice is going to create a queue and call it Alice Queue and set a condition based on the departments, whether it's H.W. or networking. Then they are going to receive all messages that are related to these departments that's been sent originally to any of these topics. Similarly, Bob is going to create a queue and call it Bob queue, and it's going to enable auto forwarding for these topics to forward the messages directly to Bob queue that meets specific criteria. Now let's come to the considerations you need to be aware of when you are using auto forwarding. Let's say that the destination entity accumulates too many messages that exceeds the quota. Let's say that Alice went on a vacation, and her queue kept getting messages from all of these topics, and it exceeds the quota. Then what's going to happen is that the destination entity is going to be disabled, and the source entity is going to send these messages to its dead letter queue until there is enough space in the destination queue, or the entity is going to be re-enabled again after it has enough space. And these messages are going to live in the dead letter queue, and you explicitly need to receive and process these messages from the dead letter queue. The second consideration is when you have a chain of topics. As I said before, you could have a first level topic auto forwarding messages to the second level topic. And if this is the case, what you want to do is to have a moderate number of subscriptions on the first topic. Let's say it's going to be 20 subscriptions, and each of them is going to change to the second level topic that has 200 subscriptions. So the theory here is to have a moderate number of subscriptions on the first level topic, and many subscriptions on the second level topic. This is going to be more efficient than having a first level topic with 200 subscriptions and the second level topic with just 20 subscriptions. So always be mindful of having the first level topic, a moderate number of subscriptions and put the majority of the subscriptions on the second level topic. When it comes to the billing here. Azure Service Bus builds as one operation for each forwarding message. What does it mean? So if we have a topic with 20 subscriptions, each of them has been configured to auto forward the message to another key or topic. Then we are going to be billed for 21 operations. Because we have just received one message across 20 subscriptions. And when you create a subscription that has auto forward option enabled to another topic, the creator must have a manager permission on both source and destination entity. However, sending a messages to a topic requires send permission only on the source topic. And in case if you are wondering how many hops you can configure for your auto forwarding in your Azure Service Bus, the recommendation here is not to exceed four hops, because messages that are exceeding four hops are going to get dead lettered. Auto forwarding is not enabled for session enabled queues or subscriptions. Finally here. The source here is going to try to forward the messages to the destination entity in the same order it's been received. However, your destination could be a topic and that doesn't support ordering and you need to be aware of that. And in case of you are using partitioned entity, either the source or destination entity, then the order is not guaranteed. That's all I have for you for auto forwarding in Azure Service Bus. Now I'm going to get back to the Azure portal and clean things up. I'm going to go to Org Auto Forward and I'm going to delete the resource group. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.