Hi everyone. In this video we are going to talk about duplicate detection in Azure Service Bus. But before we get into that, do we really need to worry about having duplicate messages in Azure Service bus queue or topic? And the answer is yes, because in some situations you might end up having duplicate messages in your Azure Service bus queue or topic. And ideally, you want to prevent this from happening. Let's say that we have an application that sends a message to our Azure Service bus queue or topic, and the application crash immediately after sending a message to our Azure Service Bus. And when the application is up and running again, it sends the same message to our Azure Service Bus queue. So we are going to be ending up having the same message twice in our Azure Service Bus. And this is why do replicate detection is going to be really handy to avoid this situation from happening. Also, we could have another scenario. Let's say that the client has some errors on their side. Maybe it's a network error and then the client send their message to Azure Service Bus queue without getting an acknowledgement back. Then the client might assume that they need to send their message one more time. Then you are going to end up having duplicate message in an Azure Service bus queue or topic. So by enabling duplicate detection, we are sure that we are not going to have any duplicate messages in our Azure Service Bus queue or topic. Basic doesn't support duplicate detection. If you want to use duplicate detection, you should aim to use standard tier as a minimum. Now let's go to the Azure portal and let's see how we can implement duplicate detection for our Azure Service Bus queue. So I'm going to go ahead and create a new resource group. I'm going to call it org Duplicate Detection. And my service bus. I'm going to call it SB Duplicate Detection and my initials at the end Australia East Standard Tia. And I'm going to go ahead and create my service bus. Now I'm going to go and open Visual Studio. And now I'm going to go for duplicate detection project and let's open the Program.cs. And as you can see here, we are sending and receive messages from one queue and we are generating a message ID and it's going to be new good. And we are going to be sending it twice to our queue. So this is the first send and this is going to be the second send. So we are going to be sending duplicate message to Azure Service Bus queue. Now we are going to see how Azure Service Bus is going to handle it with duplicate detection option enabled and disabled. Now let's get back to the Azure portal and let's go to my queues. And I'm going to go ahead and create a new queue. So let's get back to Visual Studio and go to Main.css. And I'm going to copy Duplicate Detection Cue and use it as my cue name. This time, I'm not going to enable duplicate detection, because I want to show you how Azure Service Bus is going to behave when duplicate detection option is disabled. So let's go ahead and create it. And let's go to shared access policies. And let's copy the primary connection string for my service bus. And again in Main.css, let's put the connection string in the property here. And let's go ahead and run our duplicate detection project. And see what are we going to get? All right. As you can see here, we have sent a message with message ID x twice to our Azure Service Bus queue. And because we haven't enabled duplicate detection, we have been able to receive this message twice even though it's the same message. So now I'm going to go back to the Azure portal. And. I'm going to get rid of this cube and create a new cube with duplicate detection option enabled. So let's go ahead and add a new cube. Same name. Probably. I need to get back and copy the name. And this time I'm going to enable duplicate detection and I need to specify. Duplicate detection window. I'm going to put it as one hour. And let's go ahead and create my queue. All right, now let's get back to Visual Studio and run our project. Same as before. We have sent the message twice with the same message ID, but because we have enabled duplicate detection on our Azure Service Bus queue, we have been received this message only once. And this is the powerful feature of enabling duplicate detection. All right, now let's get back to the documentation here and understand more how duplicate detection works. Duplicate detection keeps track of message ID for all messages sent to the queue or topic for a specified time window. So let's say that we have sent duplicate messages with the same message ID twice to our Azure Service Bus queue within the same time window. What's going to happen is that the message is going to be reported as accepted. So the send operation will be succeeded. That's why when we run our project, we didn't get any errors sending a duplicate message to our Azure Service Bus queue. If you remember here, the send operation completes successfully without any issues. However, this newly sent message is going to be dropped and ignored because duplicate detection looks at message ID to be able to detect the duplicates in Azure Service bus queue or topic. And as an example of a message ID, we have seen it already in Visual Studio. It could be a good. However, if you are running in a business app, it could be a combination of purchase order number or invoice number or any other details you might need to put in the message. That will help you to identify any duplicates that might happen in your application. As I said before, we can configure a message ID as a keyword, but the recommendation is to tie it to a business process yield. So we are going to have a predictable repeatability. And it's going to make the duplicate detection feature more effective. So if you are going to enable partitioning on your message queue, then a combination of message ID and a partition key is going to be used to determine uniqueness for your Azure Service bus queue or topic. And if you have disabled the partitioning and this is the default, by the way, the message ID only is going to be used to determine the uniqueness of your messages in your Azure Service Bus queue or topics. It's important to mention that all the messages are included in duplicate detection. So if you send a scheduled message and then you send a duplicate non scheduled message, then the duplicate non-scheduled message is going to be dropped. Because Azure considers the scheduled message that you send first in the scope. And also this works the other way around. If you send a non-scheduled message first and then you send a duplicate scheduled message, then the scheduled message is going to be dropped. All right. When we have configured our duplicate detection on our queue, you mightrillionemember that we have configured a detection window size and it could be as a minimum of 20s and a maximum of seven days. And the default value is ten minutes. However, the default that we have seen in the Azure portal was all zeros. Anyway. Be aware that when you are enabling duplicate detection, the size of your window impacts the throughput of your queue or topic. Because Azure Service Bus has to check all recorded message IDs at a specific window size to make sure that there is no duplicate has been detected during this time window. Having said that, it's going to be a good practice to keep the window small, so Azure Service Bus will have to check across few other message IDs, and it's going to have less impact on the throughput of your Azure Service Bus queue or topic. And as it's mentioned here, for high throughput entities that require duplicate detection, you should keep the window as small as possible. All right. That's all I have for you for duplicate detection in Azure Service Bus queue or topic. So I'm going to go back and clean things up. Let's go to Duplicate Detection and let's delete my resource group. Thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video.