Hi everyone. In this video we are going to talk about message browsing or message peeking in an Azure Service bus, and it's a feature that allows us to enumerate through all messages in an Azure Service Bus queue or subscription for diagnostic or debugging purposes. Now let's go to the Azure portal and let's create an Azure Service Bus. So I'm going to create a new resource group. Let's call it org. Peaking. And I'm going to call my service bus, ESP peaking and my initials at the end Australia East Standard Tia. And let's go ahead and create my service bus. Now let's go to Visual Studio and open Message browse project. And as you can see here, the main function is going to send some messages to a queue. Then we are going to perform a peek operation on the queue. So let's have a quick look here where creating some data to be pushed to our Azure Service Bus queue. Each name in a separate message. And then after we send these messages to Azure Service Bus queue, we are going to perform peak operation. As you can see here, we are performing peak operation on the messages in our queue to get some information about these messages. Now let's get back to the Azure portal and let's go to my service bus and go to Shared Access policies and copy the primary connection string for my service bus. And let's go to main dot CSS. Under message browse project. And let's put the connection string in here in SSB. Underscore samples. Underscore connection string. And let's go ahead and run our project. But before I do that, I need to create an Azure Service bus queue. But let's have a look and see what should be the queue name. So basic name. So I'm going to create a queue in my Azure Service bus and I'm going to call it Basic queue. So let's get back to the Azure portal and go to queues. And let's create a new queue with name basic queue. All right, now let's get back to Visual Studio and run our message browse project. And as you can see here. We are sending ten messages to our Azure Service Bus queue. Then, as we are performing the peak operation, we are getting some information about each message in the queue. As you can see here we are getting the details about the ten messages we have sent to our queue. Now let's get back to the Azure portal and let's refresh this page. As you can see here, I have 20 messages in my queue because I ran the project twice. So I sent ten messages twice to my queue. And if you are going to run it once, you are going to have only ten messages in your queue. And the main thing you need to notice here, when we do a peak operation on a queue or subscription, we don't pull the message out of the queue or subscription. The message is still being in the queue. Even though we have performed a peak operation. And this is the main difference between peak operation. So we get information about the messages in the queue without actually reading the message or pulling the message out of the queue. All right, now let's get back to the documentation here and have a look at the type of messages that are going to be included when we do a peek operation. As you can see here, active messages are going to be included. Dead letter messages are not going to be included in the Peek operation. If you want to browse the messages in the dead letter queue, you need to hit that directly. And we are going to see this in more details when we come to the dead letter queue. Log, the messages are going to be included as well. Expire the messages. It depends on the situation. If the message is expired and hasn't been sent to the dead letter queue, then it's going to be included. Otherwise it will not be included. Schedule. The messages are going to be included for queues and not included for subscriptions. And as I mentioned before, to be able to browse the messages in the dead letter queue, we need to do a peek operation on the dead letter queue associated with the queue or subscription, and we are going to see this in more details when we come to the dead letter queues. Now let's come to the expired messages. And as I mentioned before, it may be included in the response and maybe not. And before we get into the details, as a general rule. Apart, the messages are going to get cleaned up using garbage collection. However, this garbage collection step doesn't take place immediately after the message expires. And that's why when the peek operation runs on the queue, it sometimes can return some messages that are expired. And until the garbage collection kick off, and these expired messages are removed from the queue or may be moved to the dead letter queue, then the peak operation is going to return these expired messages in the peak response. And having said that, the expired message might be available in a peak operation response. This doesn't necessarily mean that the expired message is available for retrieval by any other operation. And this is an important concept you need to understand about the peak operation. Now coming to the locked messages. As you can see here, it's going to be included in the peak operation response. So the peak operation is going to return the messages that are logged and even progress by other receivers. However, the peak operation will not be able to get the local state of a message. Finally coming to the peak API and it's available for queues, subscriptions and dead letter queues. So we can perform peak API operation to browse all messages in an Azure Service Bus queue or subscription. And you are going to get these messages in order from the lowest available sequence number to the highest. And when we say that the messages are going to get returned in order, it is in queuing order, not the retrieval order of these messages. We can also have a sequence number in the pick operation so we can determine our starting peaking point. And you can do the following peak calls without any parameter to enumerate and browse further messages in the queue or subscription. That's all I have for you in message browsing in an Azure Service Bus queue or subscription. Now let's get back to the Azure portal and let's clean things up. Let's go to our peaking and let's delete our resource group. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.