Hi everyone. In this video we are going to talk about prefetch feature of Azure Service Bus. And it's not actually a feature you can enable or disable on Azure Portal. It's available in SDK for dotnet Java and Python. And as of today it's not available for JavaScript SDK yet. So let's go ahead and create a new Azure Service Bus. Let's create a new resource group. Let's call it org prefetch. And then I'm going to call my service bus SB prefetch and then my initials at the end Australia East standard to. And let's go ahead and create my Azure Service bus. Now let's go to Visual Studio here and have a look at the code. But before that, let's open Prefecture Project and go to program dot CS. Now prefetch feature allows the receiver of the messages in an Azure Service Bus queue to acquire more messages than the application initially asked for. How many more messages. This will depend on the number we are going to define in the prefetch counts. As you can see here, we can set it to zero which is going to turn it off. Or we can put any number higher than zero. And this will allow our application to retrieve messages from the queue faster than having prefetch count is zero, or having the prefetch feature is off. Now, what's going to happen when we enable prefetch feature on a queue or subscription? What's going to happen is that the messages from the queue are going to be filled in the prefetch buffer, and when the application performs any receive operations, these operations are going to be fulfilled from the messages in the prefetch buffer. And the prefetch buffer automatically is going to refill the buffer with more messages from the queue or subscription. And when we reach to a state when there is no more messages in the queue for refill in the prefetch buffer. Then the receive operation that the application is calling is going to empty all messages in the prefetch buffer until the queue will have more messages again. Now let's get back to the portal here and let's go to shared Access policies. And let's copy the connection string for my Azure Service bus. And let's go to Main.css. In prefetch projects. And let's put the connection string in here. SB samples connection string. All right, now let's get back to the Azure portal and let's go to queues. And I'm going to create a new queue. And I'm going to call it. Basic Q and let's go ahead and create it. As you may notice here, we don't have any option called the prefetch enabled or disabled because again, it's a feature we should be using from the SDK side on the receiving application. All right. Now we are all set. Let's get back to Visual Studio and run Prefetch Project and see what's going to happen. Firstly. Let me walk you through the code before we run it first. So in the program here, we are going to send 100 messages to a queue and retrieve them twice. However, in the first run we are going to retrieve the messages while we have the prefetch account set to zero, which is equivalent to prefetch is off. And in the second round we are going to send 100 messages to the queue and then receive them again. However, this time we are going to have the prefetch count set to ten. Then we are going to compare the time difference between the first run and the second run. Because if I scroll a little bit down here, you will be able to see that we are starting a stopwatch before we start the receive operations so we can time how much time it's going to take to receive all messages from the queue when we have prefetch feature enabled versus disabled. All right. Now let's go ahead and run our prefetch project. And this is the first run. We are sending 100 messages to the queue. And now we are receiving them. As you can see, it took around 10s to retrieve all 100 messages from the queue. However, in the second run, we sent another 100 messages to the queue and we retrieved them while having prefetch option is enabled and set to ten. If you remember. Let me show you the code again. Here in the second run we set the prefetch count to ten. As you can see here, the message retrieval process was much faster and quicker. So we kind of four seconds faster when we are using a prefetch option to retrieve the messages from the queue compared to when we disable prefetch option. So it's going to improve the performance or throughput of your application. However this is not very reliable. And I'm going to tell you why. Let's get back to the documentation here. And as I said before. Prefetch is not an option you can enable or disable from the Azure portal. It is something you will be using from Azure Service Bus SDK and is available in dotnet Java, Python and at this moment it's not available for JavaScript SDK. As I said before, when we enable prefetch option, then the messages are going to be filled into the prefetch buffer from the queue, and when the application performs any receive operations, it's going to be fulfilled from the prefetch buffer. Then the buffer automatically is going to refill the messages from the queue into the buffer, waiting for another receive operation from the application to deliver messages from the buffer to the application until the buffer and the queue is empty. And as I mentioned before, prefetch speeds up the message retrieval process as we are going to have these messages in a prefetch buffer is going to improve the throughput of your application. However, you need to be aware of something. You remember when I mentioned that using prefetch option doesn't necessarily mean that the solution or message processing is going to be very reliable. And the reason is if you are going to be using receive and delete mode, then the messages are going to be removed from the queue and be placed in the prefetch buffer. And the prefecture buffer is just a memory buffer. So if the application crashed before having a chance to process the messages in the prefetch buffer, then these messages are going to be lost and this is irrecoverable. That's why we consider prefetch feature as a not reliable option for message processing. And that's not all. If you are using a pick lock in message retrieval operation, you need to be aware of the lock expiration on the messages when you are going to place them in a prefetch buffer. As I mentioned before, if you need high degree of reliability for message processing, you should stay away from prefetch feature or not use it at all. However, if your requirement is to have high throughput, then prefetch feature will help you to achieve this. That's all I have for you in this video. And let me get back to the Azure portal and clean things up. Let's go to our prefetch and let's see delete the resource group. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.