Hi everyone. In this video we are going to talk about atomic transactions for Azure Service Bus. So we are going to see how we can use transaction scope to allow us to have a transaction between multiple entities in an Azure Service bus. Let's get started by creating a new Azure Service Bus. Let's create a new resource group. Let's call it org transactions. And let's call my service bus SB transaction and my initials at the end. Australia East standard Tia. And let's go ahead and create my Azure service bus. All right, let's go to Visual Studio. And I want you to open atomic transactions under error and transaction handling. And in this project you'll be able to see multiple files we always use to have main and program. But now we have Saga Task Manager to allow us to create these transactions across multiple queues. And also we have travel booking handler. So let's go and have a look at the task manager and this class where we are adding different messages to the Saga framework and specify the next queue that we need to pass on the execution. And in travel booking handler. This is where we have the handler for different operations. As you can see here we have flight booking, hotel booking, car booking, flight cancellation, hotel cancellation and car rental cancellation as well. So these kind of different handlers that run separately from each other. However they are under transaction scope. So when we run a flight booking function we are going to perform a flight booking in a transaction, and then we are going to pass the execution on to the next queue and sequence. So if I'm going to go back to Program.cs to help us understand how the flow works as a starting point here, we are going to kick off the execution and we have a few operations to do car booking, hotel booking and flight booking. All of this has to be in one transaction. In case if we had any failure in any of these functions, either in car rental or hotel or flight, then we are going to cancel the whole transaction that runs across multiple queues, and then we are going to have the result at the end. That's why if I get back to travel booking, that's why in flight booking function, we are passing on the execution to the next function in order. Now how we are going to be determining the next queue in order. Now if I'm going to scroll up to flight booking function and find all references, then I'm going to go to Program.cs. And in here you should be able to see that this is the main queue name. And then we specify the travel booking handler to book a flight. Then when we are going to specify the next step in the queue. And in this case it's going to be the result to name the end result of all of these booking operations. And then we are going to have the compensator queue which you are going to run in case if we had a failure. So flights booking is kind of the aggregator for all of the other functions. So if we are going to look at car booking we are going to be triggering the car booking event. Then we are going to be passing on the execution to hotel booking and in case of failure, we are going to pass on the execution to the cancel car rental queue name and this is how we can coordinate and pass on the execution from one step to the other. All right, now let's get back to Azure and go to my Azure Service bus. And let's copy the connection string for my service bus. And let's get back to Visual Studio. Go to main.css and let's put the connection string in these two properties. In SB samples, Connectionstring and SB samples manage connectionstring. All right, now let's go back to the program and let's scroll all the way up. And this is, by the way, data preparations that we are going to send to our queues. All right, let's scroll all the way up and put breakpoints here because I want to show you something. And let's go ahead and run our project. And this is the first step where we are going to create queues in Azure Service Bus. So let's go ahead with that. All right. Now we have completed the first step to set up the required queues in Azure Service Bus. Now let's go back to my Azure Service bus and have a look at the queues that's been created for me. And as you can see here, we have plenty of queues for each of the travel booking operations called Hotel Flight. We have two queues, one for making the reservation and the other one for the cancellation. This is what we will be able to see in the sample here. In addition to two or more keywords for the end result and for the inputs. All right, let's carry on with the execution to actually perform the flight or travel booking across different queues. So let's go ahead and do that. And let's go to the Azure portal and refresh this page. As you can see here, we have different number of messages in different queues. As we are running the transaction scope between different queues in our Azure Service bus. Now we are coming to the last step, where we are going to clean up the queues that we have created in our Azure Service Bus. So let's go ahead and do that as well. Now let's get back to the command line and have a look at the executions. As you can see here, we are triggering the car booking, hotel and flight booking, and we provide the data for each of these operations. And as the data goes to our program, it is spread to multiple queues. And we are already set up the transaction scope to allow us to commit all of these different operations across different queues simultaneously. And in case of a failure, we are going to cancel the booking for all of these queues at the same time as well. This is how you can use transactions in an Azure Service bus. The concept here is that we are not going to have a transaction for one Azure Service bus queue, but the main idea is to have a transaction to allow you to control complex workflow across multiple queues in your Azure Service Bus. All right, let's get back to Azure and clean things up. Let's go to my resource groups or transactions and let's delete my resource group. That's all I have for you in this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.