Hi everyone in this video are going to talk about dead letter queues for Azure Service Bus. And let's go ahead and create a new Azure Service Bus. Let's create a new resource group. Let's call it org dead Letter and my initials at the end. My service bus name is going to be SB dead letter and then my initials at the end. Australia East standard here. And let's go ahead and create my service bus queue. I want you to think of the dead letter queue as a sub queue or a secondary queue in your original queue, so you don't have to explicitly create your dead letter queue and the other way around. You can't delete or independently manage the dead letter queue as a separate entity. As I said before, it's just a part of your main queue. And the main point of having the dead letter queue is to hold the messages that can't be delivered to the receiver or the poisoned messages. Messages that cannot be processed for any reason. And when we have a message in a dead letter queue, we can read it and resubmit the message in the original queue after we resolve the issue of the message. And the way to access dead letter queue operation is very similar to any other queue, except that the messages can only be submitted via the letter queue. Operation of the parent entity. As we are going to see in the code in a minute. And few things to be aware of. Time to live isn't observed in the letter Q, and you cannot delete a message from a dead letter queue because it's been already a dead letter queue. Otherwise it's going to be like inception. And messages in dead letter queue supports pick lock delivery. And there is no automatic cleanup for dead letter queue messages. Messages are going to remain in the dead letter queue until you explicitly deliver them, or retrieve them to another application and complete the dead letter message. Now let's get back to Visual Studio here, and I want you to open Dead Letter Queue and open Dead Letter Queue project. And let's go to main dot CSS and let's go to Azure Portal and go to my Azure Service bus. Go to Shared Access Policies and then copy the primary connection string for my service bus. And let's put it here in SB samples connection string and manage connection string as well. All right, now let's go to Program.cs. And this code is going to deliver some messages to a queue. And then it's going to try to retrieve these messages. However, the trick here is that we are going to exceed the max delivery count for the messages, which is going to end them up in the dead letter queue. And then we are going to see how can we read the messages from the dead letter queue. So as you can see here we are sending the messages as synchronously. And we have this for loop here to send the messages one by one and they exceed max delivery function. Here we are going to repeatedly pick up the message from the queue, which is going to exceed the maximum delivery count specified in the queue, which is going to end up the message to be in the dead letter queue. And here we are creating a receiver for the dead letter queue. And notice the syntax how we are accessing the dead letter queue of the original queue. We have to use the main queue name to be able to access the dead letter queue of the original queue. All right then we are going to be retrieving the messages asynchronously. And this is the normal retrieval of the messages in our queue. And here we are going to pick up and fix the messages that are in the dead letter queue. And as you can see here we are putting fixing in the output. So we can differentiate between the messages picked up from the dead letter queue versus the original queue. Now let's go ahead and run our project and see. What's going to happen? All right, I need to create a queue here. So let's go to. Azure portal. And let's go ahead and create a queue and call it Basic queue. So if I'm going to get back. Two main dot CSS and copy basic queue and create my queue and call it basic queue. All right. Now let's get back to Visual Studio and run our project. All right, let's scroll up. Now. We have tried to pick up a message multiple times, as you can see here ten times. And this is, by the way, the maximum delivery count in our queue. And this is the default value. So we are intentionally exceeding the max delivery count of the message in our queue, which is going to trigger the dead letter queue and moving the message to the dead letter queue. Because we have exceeded the ten delivery attempts configured for our queue. And this is a normal message we send to our queue. And this is a normal retrieval operation for a message from our queue. And in this part this is where we retrieve a message from the dead letter queue. If you remember when I showed you that we are adding fixing in the output to help us differentiate between the messages retrieved from the original queue versus the messages retrieved from the dead letter queue. All right. Now let's get back to the documentation. And there is something you need to be aware of when it comes to the dead letter queue. Message count. For the subscription. We are able to know the message count for queues and subscription. However, for the topic, there is no way for us to obtain the message count at the topic level. Why is that? If you look at the screenshot here, you will be able to see that the topic has multiple subscriptions underneath it, and the topic in itself doesn't hold any messages. All the messages that are going to be sent to the topic are going to be forwarded to the subscriptions of the topic. That's why you are able to get the message count on the subscription level and on the queue level, but we cannot get the message count at the topic level. Now coming to what? Determine the movement of a message to a dead letter queue. And we have a few criterias and several activities when they happen to a message that's going to cause the message to move to the dead letter queue. Having said that, we also can explicitly move a message from the original queue to a dead letter queue when it exceeds certain number of failed trials. And in this case, you will need to define your own reason and description in that dead letter error. And this table shows the different errors that could happen at the system level. And they are header size exceeded. Or TTL expired exception or session ID is null. Then we have Max. The transfer hop count exceeded and this is related to auto forward option that we have talked about before. If we are going to auto forward our message across multiple queues or subscriptions and this hops exceeded the maximum number which is four. This is going to end up our message to be in the dead letter queue. Finally we have maximum delivery count exceeded. And this is what we have seen in our code sample where we have tried to retrieve the message multiple times. So we are going to exceed the maximum delivery count for the queue, which is going to end up our message to be in the dead letter queue token of the maximum delivery count. The default value is ten, and if you exceeded the maximum delivery count for any reason, the message is going to be ended up in the dead letter queue and this behavior cannot be disabled. The only option for you to do is to increase the maximum delivery count setting for your queue. Now coming to a time to live. And let's get back to the Azure portal and let's create a new queue. You see this option here. Enable the lettering on message expiration. So if we enable this option then all expired messages are going to move to the dead letter queue. And it will have the error code to be TTL expired exception as you have seen in the table here. And in case of you have created subscription rules where you have configured the subscription SQL filter to deliver messages to different subscriptions, if there is any exception or failure to evaluate this filter, then the message is going to be ending up in the dead letter queue. And as I said before, we can have our own application level. That lettering where we are going to get a poisoned message message is not in the right format. Malformed payloads or any corrupted data that we receive in our application. So from the application side, we need to stop processing this message at the first place. And we are going to move this message from the original queue to the dead letter queue because it has poisoned information. Or maybe it failed the authentication for any kind of reason. And if we are going to do that, make sure that you add sufficient information about the error in the dead letter, reason and description to help you diagnose and understand what was the issue and how you can resolve it. As I mentioned, we can get a message in a dead letter queue as a result of over configuring auto forward option. As I mentioned, there is a maximum of four hops between queues and topics before a message will be ended up in the dead letter queue. So you need to be careful on how many hops you are going to configure for your architecture, and make sure that the message is not going to have more than four hops between different queues or topics. Also, we have another scenario. If the destination queue or topic is disabled or deleted, then the message is going to be delivered to the dead letter queue. Or when the destination key or topic exceeds the maximum size, and a bit more details on disabling or deleting the destination queue or topic. If the destination key or topic is disabled, then the message is going to be placed in the delta queue of the source queue. However, if the destination queue or topic is deleted, then we are going to get 404 error and if the destination queue or topic exceeds the size, then the message is going to send to the dead letter queue of the source queue. And as you have seen in the code sample, when we have messages in the dead letter queue, we want to reprocess it to see how can we resolve this error. Also using Azure Service Bus Explorer of our queue here will allow us and give us some visibility at the first place on the number of messages we have in the original queue versus the dead letter queue. And also we can move messages manually from the dead letter queue to the original queue. All right. That's all I have for you for dead letter queue. Now let's go and clean things up. Let's go to the letter H a and let's delete the resource group. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.