Hi everyone. In this video we are going to talk about Durable Cinder and we are going to see what makes it really durable. So we're going to create a project that sends some messages to Azure Service bus queues, but not directly. Our project is going to send the messages to local message X in my windows machine, and then we are going to be sending these messages from the message queue on my windows machine to Azure Service Bus queues to make it durable against network or connectivity failures that could happen in our environment. So let's assume for a second that we have lost the connectivity to Azure Service bus queues. However, using durable sender logic, we will still be able to send our messages from the application to local messaging queues on our windows operating system, and then when the connectivity is restored, then we are going to be able to send these messages from the local message queue on our local machine to Azure Service Bus. Now let's get started by creating a new Azure Service Bus. Let's create a new resource group and let's call it org durable and my initials at the end. Let's call my service bus SB durable and my initials at the end. Australia East standard tier. And let's go ahead and create our service bus. Now we need to install message queuing in our windows operating system in case if you haven't installed it already. This is how you can go ahead and install it for your windows operating system. All right, let's get back to Visual Studio and open Durable Sender. And you'll be able to see that we have two projects Durable Sender Client and Durable Sender library. I want you to open the client project. And let's have a look at the program.cs. As you can see here, we're sending four messages to our message queue on our local machine. The first message we are going to be sending it outside of a transaction. And then the second message is going to be part of a transaction. However, there is no other actions happening inside this transaction. And then the last two messages, we are going to send them within a distributed transaction. So in here I want you to imagine that we are connecting to SQL server and do some actions, getting some data or updating some records. And then we are going to be sending our messages to the local message queue on our windows operating system. Then you are going to come to the retrieval part. Then when we are going to be looping on the messages that are available on the Azure Message queue and receive the messages from Azure Service Bus. Let me put a breakpoint here and let's get back to the Azure portal. And let's go to my service bus and go to Shared Access Policies. And let's copy the connection string for my service bus. And let's get back to the client and go to Main.css. And let's put the connection string in SB samples connection string. And let's get back to the Azure portal and go to queues. And I'm going to go ahead and create two queues. The first queue is going to be basic queue. And my second cue for this sample is going to be duplicate cue. All right, all good. Now let's go ahead and run our project and see what are we going to get? All right. So let's go to my message on my local machine. As you can see here let's refresh this page. As you can see here, these are the two local queues that I've created. And I have posted four messages m one, two, three and four. All right. Now let's establish Azure Service bus connection. And see what are we going to get? All right, let me go to the Azure portal and let's refresh this page. As you can see here I have two messages in the duplicate queue. And if I go to Service Bus Explorer to see these messages, we will be able to see that they are M one and M two messages. Let's carry on with the execution. Now we are going to be retrieving the messages from Azure Service Bus. Now we have retrieved M one message and now we are going to be retrieving M two message as well. So if I get back to the Azure portal and refresh this page, we should be able to see that M3 and M4 messages has been arrived to the Azure Service bus queue and I should be able to retrieve them as well. So this is the retrieval for different messages sent in different transaction types. M one sent outside of a transaction. M two within a transaction. Three and four within a distributed transaction. And this is how we can build a durable sender using both Azure Service Bus queues and windows message queues. Now let's go back to the Azure portal and clean things up. Let's go to resource group RG Durable High. And let's delete my resource group. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.