Welcome. In this lecture, I'll help you understand the following questions. Let's start with a simple question. What is Apache Spark? I'm assuming that you have already learned the answer to this question. Let me answer it again. Apache Spark is a distributed data processing framework. It allows us to develop and execute data processing applications on a distributed platform. The framework is designed by putting a spark core layer at the bottom and then adding a new layer over and above the spark core. The layer offers development tools such as Spark SQL, dataframe API, structured streaming API, graph processing and machine learning libraries. These APIs are available in multiple languages such as Scala, Python and R. However, the open source Apache Spark framework lacks the following essential capabilities. The Apache Spark does not have a storage system. It cannot store data. It must work with some external data storage systems such as Amazon S3, Azure ADLs, Et-cetera. Apache Spark also lacks to provide transaction features. It requires integration with the transactional data Lake framework like Delta Lake, Apache Iceberg, Apache Hudi, etc. Open Source Spark also lacks an easy way to create centralized, shareable metadata catalog and data access management, such as SQL grants. It requires integration with third party solutions to provide these features. Apache Spark does not come with a cluster to execute applications. It requires you to provide a cluster for executing your applications. You are also responsible for managing the cluster and its cost. Finally, Apache Spark does not provide any API or tools to automate some typical work. For example, you may need tools for creating scheduling and managing jobs, automating unit and integration testing and building your CI CD pipeline. The point is, Straight Apache Spark is an excellent technology for developing distributed data processing applications. However, it is just a framework. It is not a complete platform to offer all the features and capabilities to design, develop and manage enterprise grade applications. And that is why we need a big data platform. Apache spark alone is not enough for the purpose. That brings a new question to us. What are the popular and widely adopted big data platforms for Apache Spark? Here is an indicative list. Cloudera. Hadoop is the most popular big data platform used for on premise applications. Databricks is the most innovative and leading platform for developing enterprise grade big data applications. The Databricks platform is created and run by the Apache Spark Creators, so they offer the most comprehensive platform for Apache spark based applications. Amazon EMR is another on demand Spark application platform. They offer good integration with other Amazon cloud services. Azure Cloud offers an on cloud Hadoop platform known as HDInsights. It is a Hadoop platform similar to Cloudera, but offers a cloud based platform. Google Dataproc is similar to Amazon EMR and offers an on demand spark application platform. The point is straight. We need a platform to design, develop, run and manage spark applications and we have a bunch of choices. However, Databricks is the leading platform among all other options. Our focus in this course is to learn more about Databricks. So let's try to answer the following question What is Databricks? The original creators of Apache Spark donated the project to Apache Foundation and made it an open source project. However, that team formed a company and a commercial platform around Apache Spark. The company name is Databricks INC, and the product is named Databricks Cloud. So what do they offer? Over and above the Apache spark? Databricks brings Apache Spark to the cloud platform. In fact, Databricks Cloud is only available on the cloud platforms and they are available on AWS, Azure and Google Cloud. So Databricks brings Apache Spark to all the major cloud platforms. They offer seamless integration with cloud storage such as Amazon S3, Azure ADLS and Google Cloud buckets. So it fulfills the storage requirement using affordable cloud storage. Databricks Cloud offers seamless Delta Lake integration that offers your application transactions and data consistency features. Databricks also offers Unity Catalog to implement centralized metadata. You can implement centralized Access control and SQL Grants using Unity Catalog. Databricks allows you to launch a cluster for running spark applications. Databricks allows you to configure and start a cluster. It also allows you to install all the dependencies and runtime libraries on the nodes to your spark application. You can do that using just a few clicks. In a nutshell, Databricks offers you an easy way to configure, launch and shut down on demand clusters in the cloud environment. On top of this, Databricks also offers you an advanced SQL query engine called Photon, which allows you to gain data warehouse, great performance of your SQL queries and dashboards on top of the data lake infrastructure. Databricks Cloud also offers you workspace and notebooks for spark development. These workspaces and notebooks are as good as for spark development. You can use the notebooks to develop, share, and collaborate with your colleagues. For Spark Development, you can also integrate Databricks notebooks with configuration management tools such as Git. Databricks Cloud also provides administration control to manage access for your workspace, clusters and storage and implement security controls. Databricks offers an optimized and tuned version of Spark over and above Apache Spark. Databricks Spark runtime is five X faster than the standard Apache Spark runtime. Databricks also offers you rest API, SDK and CLI for automating activities such as cluster creation, job creation and scheduling deployment testing, etc. That's not all. Databricks is a unified platform that allows you to implement machine learning and workloads. So we have a lot available in Databricks over and above the Apache spark. Almost everything is there to design, develop, run and manage enterprise applications. Great Databricks Cloud is an excellent platform for developing distributed data processing applications and it is available on all three popular cloud platforms AWS, Azure and GCP. However, this course focuses on Databricks in Azure Cloud. And that brings us to new questions. What is Azure Databricks and why use Azure Databricks? Let me answer that. Azure's Integration with Databricks is deeper than others. Databricks is a first party service on Azure. What does it mean? That means you do not need to purchase the Databricks platform from the Databricks Company. You can buy Databricks services directly from Microsoft in the same manner you purchase other Microsoft Azure Services. As a result, you will be getting a unified bill. Combining your Azure service bills and your Databricks service bills. Azure adds security features to your Databricks services using the Azure Active Directory. What does it mean? You will get a single sign on feature with Azure and Databricks services. Azure also offers you seamless integration between Databricks and other valuable Azure services. The essential integrations are. Azure Data Lake and Azure Blob Storage. The important ones are Azure Cosmos, DB Azure SQL Database and Azure Synapse. You also have databricks integration with messaging services such as Azure Event Hub and Azure Iot Hub. You also seamlessly integrate Databricks with Microsoft Power BI and Azure ML. You can use your Databricks notebooks in Azure Data Factory to create integrated data pipelines and workflows. Finally, Azure also integrates Databricks with Azure DevOps for implementing CI CD pipelines. To summarize, Azure Databricks is a unified Spark data analytics platform as a service offering of Microsoft Azure Cloud. You shouldn't look at Azure Databricks as two services or platforms. It is a single or unified platform as a service offering of Azure Cloud and named Azure Databricks. I hope that makes sense. We answered the following questions in this lecture, and that is all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.