Welcome Back. In this section, we will be doing a lot of hands-on exercises to learn how things work in the Azure cloud platform. But for doing anything, you need an Azure cloud account. Azure offers you a free Azure account for learning and experimenting. So in this video, I will show you the steps for creating your Microsoft Azure account. So, let's start. Let me open my browser and search for create Azure free account. Here are the results. The first item in your search result is most likely a link to azure.microsoft.com. Let's click that. And you will land on the free account creation page. You can click the start free button and create a free Azure account. I will do that in a minute. But before that, let me show you what you get with the free azure account. Azure free account offers you some popular Azure services completely free of charge for 12 months. And you will also get more than 40 Azure services free of cost for always. Azure will never charge you for those 40+ always free services. So you get a lot of things for free. However, everything is not free. But your free Azure account gives you 200 USD worth of free credits. You will be using this credit for the paid services. But this credit is only valid for 30 days. So make sure you finish the course and all the activities within 30 days of creating your free Azure account. These $200 of credit should be more than enough to finish this course. So you may not have to pay anything to do all the hands-on exercises explained in this course. If you scroll down, you will see a list of some popular free services. So you can run a free Linux or a free windows virtual machine for 750 hours every month for 12 months. Similarly, 255GB of Azure SQL database and 5GB of Azure blob storage is free for you. And these services are free for 12 months with your free Azure account. Similarly, Azure Cosmos DB, Azure App service, and many other services are always free. But every free service comes with some limits. For example, Cosmos DB comes free only 1000 requests per second with 25GB storage. So make sure you understand the free limits of the services you want to use. But you have nothing to worry about the cost of this course. Because you are getting $200 of free credit for 30 days, and if you finish this course in 30 days, you are not likely to spend any additional money. You can click this "see all free services" button and see the complete list of free services. But I am not going in there and leaving it for you to explore yourself. Great! Now let's come back to the top of the page and hit the start free button. Microsoft will present you with a screen to sign in to Azure cloud using your Microsoft account. If you already have a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Azure cloud using the same email address. If you are using a new Windows machine, you purchased in recent years. You will likely have a Microsoft account. It could be your Gmail id itself or your regular email address that you are using to log in to your windows machine. But nothing to worry about. If you do not have a Microsoft account, you can create a new one. I already have a Microsoft account. But I want to create a new one for using Azure Cloud. You can also do that. Let me hit the create link. Great! So you can use your phone number or use your email address to create a new Microsoft account. If you do not have an email address, click this link to get a new email address. And they allow you to create a new email for outlook.com, or you can also create one for hotmail.com. But I want to use my existing email so let me come back to "use your email." Type your email address and click the next button. Create a new password for your Microsoft account and move next. They will send a four-digit email verification code to your email address. Check your email, type in your verification code here, and move next. Great! Now they will be asking you for a captcha verification in the next step. So let's go ahead and click the next. What is it? They want me to pick a goat. That's fine, let's do it. It looks like they are creating my account. Okay! So I still need to provide my name. That's fine, let me type it. Scroll down, and you will need to do a phone verification. Type your phone number in this box and click the "text me" or "call me" button. They will send you a phone verification code and show you a text box to enter the verification code. I am not showing that step here, but I did finish the phone verification. Then you should also provide some other details such as your organization name and address. Let me type in the company name here. You will also see other boxes, such as an address, city, state, and postal code. Fill in all the details and agree to the subscription terms and conditions. Finally, you will click this next button. But make sure you have done your phone verification and supplied your address details, and agreed to the terms and conditions before clicking the Next button. Finally, Microsoft will be asking you for your credit or debit card details. They accept credit cards as well as debit cards. But they only accept VISA or Mastercard. If you have other types of cards, such as Americal Express or Rupay cards, that's not going to work here. So you need a Visa or a MasterCard. It could be a credit card, or you can also use a debit card. Provide your card details here and click the sign-up button shown at the bottom of the page. Microsoft will verify your card, making a small transaction. For me, they deducted 2 Rupees in Indian currency. You may also get similar but minor charges in your country's currency. If you are in India, they will also register your card for automatic payment of some amount due to recent RBI automatic payment rule changes. For me, they registered for an automatic deduction of up to 200K INR. But that's just a registration of automatic payment. They are not going to charge you for your Azure free account. Microsoft Azure is good at protecting you against cloud charges. Your free account will be free for one month, and Microsoft will adjust any charges against your $200 free credits. After 30 days, your free account will expire. After one month, Microsoft will not charge you for anything until you manually upgrade your free account to a "pay as you" go subscription. Upgrading your account to a "pay as you go" subscription is not automatic. You must upgrade your account manually. If you are not upgrading your account, they will not charge your card. So you are protected against the expenses and your card charges unless you manually upgrade your account to a "pay as you" go subscription. Make sense? Great! Once your card payment is verified, you will land on the ready-to-start page. Click the "Go to the Azure portal" button, and they will take you to the Azure portal quick start page. That's all. Your Microsoft Azure Free account is ready. You can close this page. We will come back to the Azure portal in the following video, and I will walk you through the portal, so you become familiar with it. Great! That's all about this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.