Welcome Back! In this video, we will create an Azure Databricks service, launch a Databricks service workspace, and I will give you a quick introduction to the workspace in the following video. So let's start. Let me go to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are. You might see Azure Databricks in the services list on your home page. However, if you don't see it here, you can search for it in the search bar. Let me search for it. Great! So here we are on the Azure Databricks services home. If you already have a Databricks service created earlier, you will see it here. But we haven't created anything yet. So nothing is here. Let's create a new Databricks service. Click this create button, and Azure will present you with the service creation wizard. Great! Like any other Azure service, we must select a subscription. hope you already understand a little bit of Azure and its terminologies. Azure subscription is a container where you can group your Azure services. All your Azure services grouped in the same subscription are billed together in a single bill. So in simple terms, you can think of your subscription as your Azure billing container. We have a Free Trial subscription. So you can have only one subscription at this stage. You can create multiple subscriptions for different projects if you leave the free trial and upgrade your subscription to the pay-as-you-go model. Your free subscription is good enough for learning Azure data bricks. However, if you want to learn Databricks SQL, you may have to upgrade your subscription to pay as you go. Do you see this upgrade button here? You can click this button and follow the instructions to upgrade your free account to a pay-as-you-go account. If you are preparing to use Databricks SQL, you must click the upgrade button and upgrade your free account to pay as you go. Once upgraded, you can come back and follow the current video for creating a Databricks workspace. Upgrading your account to pay as you go will not remove your $200 credits. Your $200 credits will remain in your account, and you can still use them within the first 30 days. So upgrading to pay as you go is better, and it will remove some usage restrictions. But for now, we can use the free trial subscription. And that's perfectly fine. The next one is to specify a resource group. An Azure resource group is another container to group your resources such as storage, virtual networks, databases, etc. Azure resource group is an excellent thing because it allows you to manage all your resources together. What does it mean? In a super simple term, If I delete a resource group, I will be deleting all my resources in the same group. And that feature is pretty much helpful in cleaning your resources when you are done with your projects. Great! So I do not have any resource group yet because we haven't created any projects and resources earlier. So let me create a new resource group for this project, naming it as databricks-course-rg. The subscription and resource group are Azure containers. Now we come to the Databricks container called Databricks workspace. Let me give it a name. But what is a Databricks workspace? Simple! Workspace is a Databricks environment for grouping and working with all of your Databricks assets. I will come back to this and show it to you to get a better sense of the Databricks workspace. Then we select an Azure region where you want to deploy your Databricks service. You can choose a region which is closer to you. However, let me go for the US East region. That's too far for me sitting in India, but US East is a cheaper region. The last thing on this page is choosing the Databricks pricing tier. Databricks offers you two pricing tier options. Standard and Premium You also have a 14 days trial, but that's not meaningful. Let me quickly jump to the Databricks documentation page and show you some differences between standard and premium tiers. Go to https://databricks.com/product/azure-pricing Here we here. You can see two pricing tiers. The standard tier does not give your access to something called Databricks SQL. So the Databricks SQL is a new SQL engine powered by Databricks Photon. It doesn't mean that you cannot use SQL with the standard tier. You can use it, and I will show you how to use SQL with Databricks standard-tier workspaces. But the Databricks SQL in the premium tier gives you a brand new SQL workspace. And the underlying SQL engine uses a new improved and high-performance Databricks Photon SQL engine. Scroll down and expand this Databricks Workspace to see the differences. Here we are. So you do not get SQL workspace and SQL optimization. Expand the performance tab, and you will see that both are the same. Go on governance, and you will see that Audit Logs and Cluster Policies are missing from the standard tier. The most critical differences are in security so let me expand that also. Great! So standard tier doesn't give you some of the security features. So you do not get Role Bases Access control, Token Management, IP-based access restrictions, and HIPPA Compliance. So to summarize, the premium tier gives you two main additional features. Databricks SQL and Some additional security features However, SQL and fundamental security features are there in the standard tier itself, and the premium tier offers you enhanced features. Make sense? Great! So now, let's come back to our Databricks Service Creation page. If you are learning Databricks SQL, you must choose the premium tier. And choosing the premium tier might not work for the Azure free account due to quota limitations. So if you are learning data bricks SQL, you must choose the premium tier. Let me choose the standard pricing tier and click the Next button. Good. So now we are on the networking page. We have two options here. The first one says, do not give any public IPs to your Databricks cluster. You can mark it yes. However, let me set it to No. We don't care much about securing our clusters at this stage. The second option is for deploying your Databricks within your virtual network. If you choose yes, they will ask you to specify your virtual network and other details. That's another network security feature, and we don't care must about it at this stage. So let me set this to no. Move to the next page. You can specify encryption here, but our current pricing tier doesn't support it so let's move on to the next page. You can specify tags for your Databricks service, but that's also irrelevant for our exercises. So let's jump to the review and create page. You can review all the options selected and hit the create button. That's all. Azure will create a Databricks service for you in less than five minutes. The deployment is in progress, so I will wait for five minutes and come back when complete. Great! So your deployment is now complete. Let's go to the resource. Here we are. This is not your workspace. This page is your Azure Databricks Workspace Management page. You can launch your workspace from here and manage access control for your workspace from here. We will keep returning to this page in almost all the lectures and launch our workspace from here. In your company, you might have multiple workspaces for different projects. However, in this course, we created one workspace, and we will be using the same workspace for all our learning, experimentation, and project. You can create multiple workspaces if you want, following the same steps to create this one. However, that is not necessary for this course. So one workspace is enough for us. Great! We will be returning again and again on this page to launch our workspace. So let me pin this workspace in my dashboard to come back here quickly. I will create a new dashboard for this course and give a name to my dashboard. That's all done. I will show you the dashboard in the coming video. For now, let me launch my workspace and get in there. We are going into the Databricks workspace, created in a separate domain. However, you do not need to log in again, and Azure single sign-on will automatically login you to the workspace. Great! Here we are. And this is how your Azure Databricks workspace looks like. All your Spark development, testing, and deployment are done from here. In the following video, I will walk you through the Databricks workspace to become familiar with the user interface before we start using it. Make sense? Great! See you again. Keep learning and Keep Growing.