Welcome back. This video will give you a quick introduction to the Databricks workspace. So let's start. Let me log in to my Databricks workspace. Here we are. This is how your Databricks workspace home page looks. At the top of the page, you have some shortcuts for everyday tasks. You also have a section for recent and favorites. You may see popular files in the popular section when working in a shared workspace. This is your home page. The most important part of the workspace is the left side menu bar. You might see it expanded or collapsed. In my workspace, it is expanded. Scroll down the menu bar. To see a collapse menu at the bottom, click the collapse and it will make some more space for you. Let me expand it again because it helps me explain things quickly. Great. You can see standard workspace features available at the top. Workspace catalog workflows and the compute menu are the most commonly used items in most projects and you can find them at the top. Then you have three more sections. The section is mainly used for data warehousing features. Databricks is also a cloud data warehouse and all those capabilities are available under the SQL section. Then we have a separate section of menu items for data engineering. As of today, they offer you three capabilities job runs, which is nothing but workflows. You already have workflow at the top. The job runs and workflows are linked to the same page. Data ingestion is powered by third party partner tools. This menu is for ingesting data from external sources, and most of the things are done using partner tools such as Fivetran. The last one is that's a declarative ETL tool actively developed and continuously improved by Databricks. The following section is dedicated to machine learning and AI capabilities. Finally, you have Marketplace and Partner Connect. The market place is a market to sell data. You will see various free and paid data providers here. Partner Connect is a place to integrate Databricks partner tools for data ingestion, visualization, machine learning, security, governance and various other things. And that is all you will learn these features and capabilities as you expand your knowledge about the Databricks platform. One last thing at the top right of the page, you can see your name. Click it to see some menu items for settings and configurations. We will come to these as we learn more and more about Databricks. That's all about the Databricks workspace introduction. We will use the workspace throughout the course and you will keep learning how to use it as we progress with the course. That's all. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.