Welcome Back! In this video, I will help you understand the Azure Databricks Architecture. Let me show you. Here it is. This diagram represents the Azure Databricks Architecture. I mean the Infrastructure layout for the Azure Databricks deployment when I say architecture. With the help of this diagram, we will try to understand How different components of Azure and Databricks are deployed in the cloud environment and how they integrate and interact with each other. So, let's start. The sky blue box at the base represents the Azure Cloud Platform. So you can see that most of the things are deployed inside the Azure Cloud PLatform. Within the Azure Cloud, you have two subscriptions. Control Plane and Data Plane These two are nothing but Azure Subscriptions. The Control Plane subscription is created by Databricks. So all the resources that are created and deployed in the Control plane are owned and managed by Databricks. And Microsoft will send them a monthly bill for those resources and services used inside the control plane. The Data plane subscription is created by the customer. So in our example, I am the customer, and I created a Free trial Azure subscription. So everything shown in the data plan resides in my Azure subscription, and Azure will charge me for the resources used in the Data plane. However, Azure Databricks is a managed service offering of Microsoft Azure cloud. So, Azure will create a consolidated bill for me and send it to me every month. This bill includes the cost for all the resources running in the Data Plane plus the Databricks charges against the Control Plane services offered by Databrick. End of the day, the customer pays the cost for everything. But the division of cost and profits between Azure services and Databricks services are directly managed between Microsoft and Databricks. As a customer, we get a single consolidated bill from Microsoft Azure, and we do not have to deal with multiple bills and charges from two parties. Make sense? Great! Now let's see what do we have in the Control plane. Your Databricks workspace UI, Notebooks, and all your Jobs or workflows reside in the Control Plane, and it runs within the Databricks control plane subscription. Users are supposed to be sitting outside the cloud. But in most cases, these users should also have an Azure AD account. So the user can directly access the Databricks workspace UI without going to the Azure portal. Azure will ask for the Active Directory user name and password to log in to the Databaricks workspace. Azure implements single sign-on so you can use your Azure Active Directory user name and password to login to the Databricks workspace. Let me show you. Go to your Azure portal. Here we are. Now I want to go to the My Workspace launch page. Where is it? Well, I pinned the launch page to a new dashboard to quickly jump on it. Right? So let me go to the dashboard. This one is my default dashboard. But we created a new dashboard to pin the workspace launch page. Right? So go on to the top of the page and choose your dashboard. Here it is. Now I can click the link here, and it will take me to the workspace launch page. I can launch my workspace from here. But I don't want to do that. Why? Because I just explained to you that the Databricks Workspace UI is deployed in the control plane subscription. And users can directly log in to the Databricks UI without even coming to the Azure portal. How? Simple! My Databricks workspace is deployed at the following control plane URL. I can copy this URL, open a new incognito window, and directly login to the Databricks workspace. Here we are. So you can share this URL with your workspace users, and they can directly login to the workspace using their AD credentials. You do not need to grant them access to the Azure portal and other things. Let me log in. I am using my Azure AD credentials, and Azure will apply SSO to get me inside the workspace. That's all. You are in the workspace. Great! Now let's come back to the architecture diagram. So now you understand that your Databricks workspace UI, notebooks, and jobs are all deployed in the Databricks Control plane subscription. And you can directly log in to the Databricks UI as long as you have two things. Databricks Control Plane URL and Azure AD user credentials Make sense? Great! You can also use REST Clients to directly connect to the Databricks control plane. For example, you can use Microsoft Power BI or Tableau to connect to Databricks control plane to run SQL and create dashboards. These tools may be deployed and running in the Cloud platform, or they may be besitting outside the cloud platform. All you need is to create an access token and use the token to authenticate from these tools. How to create Access tokens? I showed you the place in an earlier video. Right? You can create access tokens from within the Databricks workspace user setting pannel. Correct? I will try to show you an example of creating an access token and using it for a Power BI connection. Great! Now we are left with two more concepts. Cluster Manager and DBFS If you recall the Databricks workspace lecture, I showed you an option to create clusters in the Databricks workspace. We had two options there. All purpose cluster and Job Cluster Correct? Those two options allow you to create, configure and launch Databricks Spark clusters in the data plane. The clusters will always run in the Data Plane. But configuring the cluster, launching them, shutting them down, and other cluster management activities can be performed from the Databricks workspace UI. How does that happen? Databricks created a cluster management service, and the workspace UI allows you to use it. Simple! Isn't it. So the cluster manager also runs in the control plane subscription, and it allows you to manage your Spark clusters from the workspace UI itself. Great! Now let's talk about DBFS. The term DBFS stands for Databricks File System. It is a distributed file system that allows you to write and read data files. Behind the scenes, the DBFS integrates with Azure Cloud storage such as Azure Blob and Azure Data Lake Gen2. Simple as that. It is a distributed file system just like HDFS. But here is a question. Why do we need DBFS? Why can't we directly use Azure Blob Storage or Data lake Gen2? Why do we need DBFS over and above the Cloud Storage solutions? We have two main reasons. DBFS allows you to implement a uniform way of working with cloud storage using directories and file semantics. What does it mean? Working with cloud platforms and cloud storage varies depending on the platform and storage options. DBFS hides all those things behind the scenes, and you can use a uniform method to work with files and directories without worrying about the internal details of the storage solutions. Make sense? Now let's come to the second benefit. Reading and writing data on cloud storage requires you to supply credentials. That's obvious. Right? You cannot read a file if you do not have access to the file. Managing and supplying credentials every time you read or write a data file is quite cumbersome, and it also opens some security concerns. DBFS allows you to manage storage credentials centrally, and your application code does not need to supply passwords or tokens. Make sense? Great So the point is straight. Databricks recommends using DFS for reading and writing data files and avoiding using cloud storage. Internally, we will be using cloud storage, but our application code will use DBFS notations. Make sense? Great! Let's come back to Architecture. So we finished talking about the Control plane. Let me quickly summarize. The Control plane is owned and managed inside a Databricks subscription within your Azure cloud platform. As the name suggests, the control plane is designed to store all the management and control information. In a nutshell, your Spark cluster and your data will be sitting outside the control plane. But other than these two things, almost everything else lies in the control plane. Your Databricks workspace UI, notebooks, job configuration, cluster configurations and metadata, and DBFS configurations are all stored within the control plane. You will launch clusters and schedule jobs from the control plane, but they will run in the data plane. Make sense? Great! Now let's come to the Data Plane. The data plain is your Azure subscription, and it contains three main things. Virtual Network and Security Group Virtual Machines and Storage Account and Storage The first thing is a Virtual Network and Network Security Group. The network security group comes with some inbound and outbound firewall rules. Databricks will create a virtual network, define a security group, and apply it to your virtual network. Both these things reside in your data plane. The second thing is the Virtual Machines within the same virtual network. So when you launch a cluster from the control plane, the Databricks cluster manager works with the Azure Resource manager to launch virtual machines within a virtual network inside your Data Plane subscription. And that's what is your Spark cluster. You can choose how many VMs do you want to launch, and you can also choose VM configurations. I will show you all of that in the coming lectures. But the point is straight. Your cluster runs inside your data plane subscription. And these VMs are launched inside a secure Virtual network. You can pre-create a virtual network and configure it with Databricks service, so the Databricks cluster manager launches your cluster in the same VNet. But you can also leave it on Databricks to automatically create a virtual network for you. Finally, Databricks also create an Azure storage account and azure blob storage that resides inside your data plane. This one is auto-created for you, and Databriks also maps it with the DBFS. So you have ready-to-use storage, and you can start creating data files in the same storage account. This one is default storage but not recommended to store your data files. Datbriks will be using it to store some information here. However, you should be using Azure Data Lake Gen2 storage for storing your data. I will show you how to create a Data Lake Gen2 storage account. I will also help you learn the steps for mapping your storage with the DBFS and finally using it from your Spark application. But before that, let me show you all these data plane resources. These data plane resources are in my Azure subscription. Right? So I can see them from my Azure account. Correct? So let me go to the Azure portal. Here we are. Click this all resources link, and it will take you to the list of all resources. I have a new account, so I don't see many resources here. But let me apply a filter to see only Databricks resources. Click this resource group filter. Change the operator and use contains. And we want to filter all resources that contain Databricks in the resource group name. Here they are. We have four resources. The first one is the Databricks service itself. We created this service in the earlier lectures. So we see it here. But other three resources are automatically created by Databricks. The second one is the storage account. This storage account internally contains Azure Blob Storage containers. Databricks will use it to store some information and metadata. You can also use the same storage for creating data files. But that's not recommended. We will create a new storage account and use it for storing our data files. The one is a network security group. This security group is also created by Databricks and applied to the virtual network. The virtual network is also shown here. We do not have any VMs inside this network because we haven't created any clusters yet. Once you create a cluster, you will see VMs in your resource list. Make sense? Great! Let's come back to the architecture diagram. I covered almost everything shown here in this diagram. And I hope you understand it clearly. One last thing is remaining. You will bring data into your Azure storage account and process it using your cluster in a typical case. However, you can also access external data from other sources such as databases, Kafka, and many more. These external sources may be sitting inside your cloud platform, or they might be sitting outside the cloud. But you can access them in both cases as long as you configure connectors for accessing external data. So, You are using Azure Databricks in the cloud. However, you can still access and process data from your on-premise systems as well as from other cloud systems. Setting up connectivity, credentials, and achieving I/O performance in those cases is complex, but it is perfectly doable. Make sense? Great! That's all about the Azure Databricks Architecture. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep growing.