Welcome back. In this lecture I will introduce you to the Unity Catalog. So let's start with a simple question. What is Unity catalog? Let me try to explain that. Unity catalog is a centralized metadata management system of the Databricks platform. But what does it mean? Let's assume your company has a data lake or lake house project. It is large, massive. So you have multiple environments dev you add QA, prod. Let's assume for environments for simplicity. But you may have many more multiple dev. You add QA and production environments often exist for different teams, but all of that belongs to the same group. So you can have an even larger structure. You need to maintain all this information somewhere. Correct. It would be best if you had a centralized place where you could store information about how many environments we have. How are these environments built or designed? Where do they store data, how many Databricks workspaces are there and which work is face is linked with which environment? That's the metadata I'm talking about in Databricks. We call it a catalog. So for our example we have four catalogs dev catalogue. Catalogue catalog and prod catalog. Inside these catalogs or environments you may have databases. Correct. We call them schema. Let's assume you have three databases or schema in your dev environment. Bronze, silver and gold. Similarly, you may have databases in other environments. The diagram will elaborate only on the dev environment for simplicity, but you can assume a similar structure for other catalogs. We have some metadata for each database. What are those? List of databases? Definition or the detail of the database? Physical location of the database. I mean what is the root directory location for this database? We have many other types of information to be stored in the metadata. Inside your schema, you may have hundreds of tables. You may also have views and functions. The definition of the for these objects is also metadata. The data is stored in the directory, but the and the directory location are metadata. Your tables could be managed or unmanaged or external. That information is also metadata. You can also have a volume inside your schema. Volume is a new concept introduced by Databricks. It is basically a secure directory location and a list of data files. Other database systems may not have this concept, but spark could directly work on data files without creating a table. So for that purpose, Databricks came up with the idea of volume. Volumes contain directories and files for data stored in any format. Volumes provide non-tabular access to data, so the files in the volumes cannot be registered as tables. Your volumes are also managed or unmanaged, similar to tables. One last thing your table data is stored in the cloud storage, correct? The volumes are also linked with cloud storage such as Amazon S3 or Azure ADLs, so you also need to maintain a list of valid cloud storage locations, correct? That's also a type of metadata. Unity catalog allows you to create storage locations. Once you have the locations, you can create a catalog, schema, tables, and volumes to store data on these locations. So the storage location is a separate object in unity catalog and metadata for the location object is also maintained in Unity Catalog. But these cloud locations are secure. You cannot access them without knowing their access credentials. Correct? I mean, you need some username, password access, token, etcetera. That's also an object in the unity catalog. We call them storage credentials. Data about the storage credentials are also stored in the unity catalog. The point is straight. A large project may have a lot of metadata, and you need a place to store and manage the metadata. Databricks Unity Catalog is the metadata management system for the Databricks platform, so all your metadata is stored and managed inside the unity catalog. But that's not enough. Unity catalog is also a centralized user management system of Databricks. So information about the users is also stored in the unity catalog. If you have 50 people working on this project, the unity catalog will also store information about those users. The Unity Catalog also allows you to set permissions for the users who can access which catalog schema, table view, volume, etcetera is also defined and is stored in the Unity Catalog. These privileges can be given using the SQL grant commands so you can grant, use, create, read, select, modify, execute. Write et cetera on your objects. So the Unity catalog is a centralized system for the following metadata management and user management. It also offers you some additional features. Built in auditing. Lineage data discovery system tables. However, the primary purpose of Unity Catalog is to offer centralized metadata and user management. Hope that made some sense. Let me ask a different question. Is it mandatory to have a unity catalog? Can we implement metadata and security without the unity catalog? Yes. You can do it at the workspace level. Databricks workspace can have a local spark catalog borrowed from the Hive Catalog. Without Unity Catalog, your metadata, user management and access control are defined at the workspace level and stored in the Hive Catalog. So what is the difference? Why do we need Unity catalog? The Spark catalog or Hive Catalog is local for one single work space. It is not centralized. So if you have 20 work spaces in your project, you must define all the metadata and user management. 20 times for each work space. Data objects such as databases and tables created in one work space are not visible in the other work space. Unity catalog makes it centralized. Define it once and reuse it from multiple work spaces. Great. So far so good. But how do we get Unity Catalog to get the unity catalog? You must have the following things. Unity catalog comes with Databricks Premium. It doesn't come with a standard subscription, so you require a Databricks Premium subscription for your workspace. Once you have a premium workspace, create and configure a unity catalog. Metastore. This is the place where Unity Catalog stores all the metadata. Once you have a Metastore, you can connect multiple workspaces with the common Metastore. And that is all. All connected workspaces will have access to the Central Unity Catalog. Metastore. In the coming lectures we will learn all these steps to set up Unity Catalog. But before that, let me introduce you to the Unity Catalog Object model. Unity catalog defines your data objects in a hierarchical model. Here it is. You already learned that, right? You have a metastore at the top. It is a top level container where metadata is stored. The next layer is your catalog. The catalog is in fact, the first layer of the object hierarchy. In a typical case, you may have multiple catalogs in your metastore based on business units or teams and development environments. We already saw an example. So you can have dev staging prod catalogs. You can have multiple catalogs for business units or teams. The idea is to have one metastore and it is separated using the catalog. Hope that makes sense. You can create one or more schema inside the catalog. A unity catalog is schema is the same as database. The term database is synonym for unity catalog schema. So you call it a schema or database. They are the same. Then you can create tables, views, functions and volumes inside the schema. And that's all about the unity catalog data model. Let me quickly summarize. Unity Catalog is a Databricks premium service. It offers you centralized data governance. Configuring the Unity catalog requires creating a meta store. You must also bring your users and other identities to the unity catalog. Once you have your Unity Catalog set up, you can create different catalogs, databases, tables, views, and volumes. You can configure a unity catalog, metastore and attach one or more workspaces to a single meta store. However, all workspaces should be premium. Once Unity Catalog is attached to your workspace, you can use SQL Grant commands to define fine grained access control for your objects. That's all and we will learn the implementation details in the coming lectures. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.