Welcome back. In this lecture I'll give you an introduction to Databricks workflow. So let's start with a simple question. What is Databricks workflow? Databricks workflow is a fully managed orchestration service integrated with the Databricks platform. It allows you to build reliable and maintainable data processing pipelines. This idea is best understood with an example. So let me show you an example. Pipeline. Here it is. This pipeline runs a data ingestion task at the start. The next step of the pipeline starts with three parallel tasks to process the ingested data when the ingestion task is complete. These parallel tasks are independent, so we design the pipeline to execute them in parallel. When all three parallel tasks are complete, the next task starts. The silver Ford task depends on the success of the previous tasks. So we design the pipeline to start silver four. If silver one, two, and three are succeeded. Finally, we have a gold task starting when silver four is complete. Designing such pipelines is an essential part of the data engineering project, and Databricks workflow allows you to create, manage and monitor such pipelines. It is an essential tool for any data engineering project. I hope you got some sense. But that brings a new question how do we create a Databricks workflow job? Let me give you a demo so you get a practical sense. Go to your Databricks workspace. Here I am. You can create a data pipeline using the workflow menu. Go to workflows. And hit the Create Job button. You can see a job name at the top. It says add a name for your job. Let's give a unique name for this job. A workflow job is made up of one or more tasks. Let's create the first task. Give a task name. The next step is to provide the source code for the task. Notebook is the default source code type. But you have many other options. You can run a Python script, a Python wheel package, or SQL expression, and we have few other options. But I have my code in a notebook, so let me choose notebook. Now you can tell the notebook's location. We have two options here. Choose work space if your notebook is already in the work space. You can also configure your git repository. The pipeline will automatically pull your code from the git. My notebook is already deployed in the workspace, so let me choose a work space. The next step is to select the notebook. Click the dropdown to browse and choose the Data Ingestion Notebook. I have written code in this notebook to ingest data from an external system and save it to the dbfs location. So this first task will execute my notebook, and my notebook will pull data from the source and bring it to the lakehouse. The next step is to define the cluster. You need a cluster to execute your task. Correct. So let's define the cluster for this task. The default cluster selection is too expensive for my task. I want a smaller cluster. So click the edit button and configure the cluster as per your requirement. Give a meaningful name to your cluster. Make it a single node. A single node cluster is more than enough for my task. Choose the latest runtime environment. Remove photon acceleration. And take 14 GB for core VM. That's enough for my task. Click the confirm button. That's all. We defined the cluster. You have a few more optional things for the task. For example, you can define a dependency for your task and the workflow will automatically install it on your cluster. You can pass some parameters to your task, but we do not have any such requirements for this first task. So let me hit the create button and create the job. Great. So I have a job definition, but this job has a single task for data ingestion. I want to add another task for data processing. Task one will ingest the data into my lake. The next task is to process it. So let me add another task for data processing. Click the Add Task button and choose a notebook. The code for my data processing task is in a separate notebook, so I want a notebook task. Now give a name to the task. The type is the notebook. The source code is already available in my workspace. Click the select notebook dropdown and choose Data Analysis Notebook. The next step is to choose a cluster for this task. The default cluster is already selected here. It is the same cluster that we configured for the first task. What does it mean? The first task will run on this cluster. The second task will also run on the same cluster. You can define a new cluster for each task, but we can use the same cluster for all the tasks. In my example, running the second task on the same cluster is perfectly fine. Scroll down to see the box for depends on. This box allows you to set the task dependency. My second task depends on the first task, so it has the dependency added here and that makes sense. The first task will ingest the data. The second task will process the data. So the second task cannot process any data until it is ingested. And that's why the second task depends on the first task. You can also define a run if condition for the second task. The default is all succeeded. That means this task will start if all the parent tasks are succeeded. And that is all. I defined a workflow of two tasks. The first task ingest the data, and the second task processes the data. But my process data notebook takes a URL parameter. I mean, I can pass the year and the data processing notebook will only process data for the given year. How do I pass the year? I can add a parameter. Let me add one parameter. Click the add button next to the parameter. The key name is here, and I have defined the ear widget in my notebook. So let me set the key name here. The value is 2014. So this task will process only 2014 data correct. Now hit the create task. That's all defined a pipeline to perform two tasks. The first task ingest the data for many years. The second task processes only 2014 data. Now let me add one more task. Hit the Add Task button and choose a notebook. Give a name to your task. Again, use the data analysis notebook. We will run this task on the same cluster. Now scroll down and add a parameter. The key is here and the value is 2015. So this task will process 2015 data. You can see the depends on has already picked the 2014 task, but my 2015 task does not depend on the 2014 task. It depends on the data ingestion task. Once data is ingested, I can process 2014 and 2015 in parallel. Correct. So let me remove the dependency and add data ingest in the depends on task. Now it looks better. Hit the Create Task button to see the new job workflow. So I have a workflow of three tasks. The first task ingest the data. The second and the third task depend on the first one, but they run in parallel when the first task succeeds. And the workflow diagram clearly shows that. Correct. So we learned the basics of defining a workflow task. You can see the schedule and triggers in the right side panel. That section allows you to schedule your job to run at a given time every minute, hour, day, week, or month. You can also hit the Run Now button at the top and run this job manually. Let me run it. Trigger. Now return to the workflow menu. And go to the job runs tab. You will see a job run there. It is in running state. Click the job run and you can see some more details. It is still running. This job starts a new cluster and executes the workflow. Starting a cluster takes time, so I expect this job to finish in five six minutes. You can monitor the process from here. As soon as the job is completed. Everything becomes green here. It's done. Great. Hope you got some sense of Databricks workflow. Let me summarize what we learned and add some more details to it. A Databricks workflow has three components. Here it is. Any workflow, job or data processing pipeline requires us to configure three things. The first and the most important part is the task execution hierarchy. A workflow job is made up of tasks, so we must define the tasks and set the dependency to create a execution hierarchy. Here are some examples of different types of task hierarchies. You can arrange tasks in a sequence one after the other. You can make a funnel type arrangement in this hierarchy. More than one task will be executed in parallel. The next task will start when earlier parallel tasks are complete. You can also arrange them opposite to the funnel as fan out. So we run one task and on completion we can run multiple parallel tasks. You can also combine all these three types of hierarchies and create complex data flows. Databricks also allows you to define dependencies and conditions for each task to start. You can also pass parameters for the task and inputs from one task to another. The point is straight Databricks workflow is simple and easy to use, but highly flexible, with many features and capabilities to handle complex requirements. The second component is to define a cluster for your task. You can use an existing cluster and configure your job to run on a shared all purpose cluster. You can also define a new job cluster to run your pipeline in case of job cluster. Databricks will launch a new cluster, execute your data pipeline, and shut down the cluster, and that allows you to save costs. The last component of the workflow job is to define a schedule. You can schedule your pipeline to run at regular intervals. Databricks workflow will automatically start the job at the scheduled time. You can let it run as a continuous process, or you can also start your pipeline manually. The point is straight. Defining a pipeline is answering three questions. What do you want to do? And that is defined using the task hierarchy. How do you want to execute it? And you can define that using a cluster. Finally when do you want to do it. And that is your schedule. And that's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.