Welcome back. In this lecture I will introduce you to Databricks Rest API. So let's start with a simple question. What is Databricks Rest API? Databricks Rest API is a developer tool for interacting with the Databricks platform. It is mainly used for automating Databricks project activities. What does it mean? Let me try to explain. Go to your Databricks workspace. Go to workflows. Do you see a pipeline job? We created it in an earlier lecture. Click that and come to the tasks tab. You can see the job definition. Let's assume you are a developer in the project. You created this workflow job in your development workspace. You tried running the job and everything works as per your expectations. You are done with your development activity. Now you want to deploy this job in the environment so the testing can be done. How will you deploy it in the environment? Think about it. You have two options. The first option is to manually recreate the job in the environment and that is problematic. You might miss something or create something wrong. You already created the workflow in the dev environment and tested it. Now you do not want to repeat the same process once again in the Or production environment. We need some automated approach, so a job, once tested can be automatically deployed in other environments. So the second approach of automating the deployment using the CI CD pipeline is preferred. Automation reduces the chances of missing something or making mistakes. But how will you do that? We need some tools to write code for creating a workflow job in the target environment. The point is straight. Automating project work, especially the deployment, requires some coding interface. It must allow us to write and run code from your ci CD pipeline. The Databricks Rest API is precisely that. It allows you to write code for anything and everything you can do using the Databricks UI. Let me show you an example and it will make more sense. Let's assume I want to write code to deploy this workflow job in the environment. I do not want to manually create it again in QA. I want to copy it from the dev environment and deploy it in the QA and prod environments as needed. How will you do that? I can write a Python program to do it. Let's learn the step by step process for doing it. Let me start my Python development. I prefer PyCharm. So let me open PyCharm. Go to the file menu and create a new project. Give a name to your project. Make sure you are using a Python ten virtual environment. We do not need a main.py welcome script, so let me remove it. Hit the create button. Right click the project name and add a new Python file. Give a name to the file. I'll import three packages. If packages are not installed in your. Hover your cursor to the package name and install it. Now let me define a function. This function returns the job definition. I have already created my job in the Databricks workspace. I did that manually and tested it once. Everything worked fine. So I'll copy the exact job definition from the Databricks workspace and paste the job definition here. Let me do that. Go back to your Databricks workspace. Go to workflows and open your job. Click the three dots at the top right side of the page. And select view Json. Come to the create tab and copy the Json. That's your job definition. So whatever we manually defined using the UI is represented by this Json. We will copy it and use the Json to automate the job deployment. Come back to your ID and paste it inside the function body. Assign the entire thing to a variable. The code should look like as shown here. You have a job def variable and the entire job definition Json is assigned to the variable. We have some issues here. I do not want this run as in my job. The job must run as whoever is executing it. So let me remove that part. Press Ctrl L once to format the code. Look good now. We have some configurations set as false or true. These things must be in double quotes. So let me wrap all of those into double quotes. Then make sure you do not see any errors. Great. So I have the job definition. This is the exact same job I manually created. It looks like Json but it is a Python dictionary object. It is not a Json string. I need to convert it to a Json string and return it from the function. So come down to the last line of the function. Do the conversion and return it. That's all. I'm using a Json package to dump the Python dictionary variable into a valid Json string and return it. That's all. This function returns the workflow job. It is the exact definition of the job that I created. I will use the function to deploy the job. So let's do that. Let me write the main method. Press Ctrl L to format the code once. Good. So this program expects to command line arguments. The first argument is the target environment. The second argument is the access token. Let me extract those arguments. So I have a host and token that I can pass from the command line. If I want to deploy the job in the environment, I will pass the environment URL. When deploying to production, I can pass the production URL. Similarly, I will pass the appropriate access token for the target environment. That's all. Now let me write code for the deployment. Good. And this is the Databricks Rest API code. I'm calling a post API using the Python requests package. The API hits the host URL. The host URL is my target Databricks environment. The name is API 2.1 jobs create. That's the rest API. This takes two arguments. The data parameter takes the job definition. I already created this function above. The function returns the job definition in Json. The last argument is the access token and that is all. Once call this API, it will create the job in my target environment and return the response. I can take the response back in a variable. The response is also a Json message with job ID element. So let me extract the job ID. Great. So I'm using the Python Json package to extract the job ID from the create job response. Finally, I print the success message and the job ID. That is all. If I run this application will deploy the job in the target Databricks environment. Let's run it. Oops. We must pass the URL and access token as program parameters. Let me collect these two things and we will try rerunning it. Go back to your Databricks workspace. Copy the environment from the browser address bar. Make sure to copy it only up to the dot net. We do not even need the forward slash. Knocked it down somewhere. Now go to the User Settings menu. Then go to the developer and manage access tokens. Generate a new token. Set the validity for one day only. I am creating it to test my development script, so will set the token validity for one day. Copy the token and keep it safe. I plan to test the deployment script to deploy the job in my dev environment, but I already have the job in the dev environment. Go to the workflows. And you can see the job. It is already there. Correct? But I want to test my deployment script. So let me delete this job. It's gone, but nothing to worry about. I already captured the Json and I can deploy it again by executing my Python program, right? I do not have to manually create the job again. Now let's go back to your Python ID. Go to the run menu and edit configurations. Do you see the parameters text box? We can pass program parameters from here. We have two parameters. The first one is the Databricks environment URL. So paste the URL in this text box. The second parameter is the access token. So paste the access token next to the URL in the same text box. But make sure the first and the second parameters are separated by a space. Now apply and press okay. Great. We are now ready to run the application. Let me run it. Work. We can see the job ID in the output. Go to workflows and you can see the job here. Click the job. Go to tasks. And it looks exactly the same as we created manually. What does it mean? I have a Python program that deploys my job in any Databricks workspace. I need two things. Workspace environment URL and access token for authentication. I can use this Python program to run from my CI CD pipeline and deploy the job. Correct? Great. Now let me summarize what we learned. Databricks Rest API is a developer tool for interacting with the Databricks platform. It is mainly used for automating Databricks project activities. We already saw an example of using Databricks Rest API for job creation, but that is just a tiny thing. Let me show you the Databricks Rest API documentation. Open your browser and search for Databricks Rest API. You will see a link to the documentation. Let's go there. Here it is. We have rest for almost everything. We have APIs for workspace. Compute. Workflows and many other things. I showed you an example of workflow API. Let me go inside the workflow API documentation. Click the jobs under the workflow to see all the jobs API. I used the API for creating a new job. Let me go inside. Great. So here is the documentation for the Create Job API. It is a post API. The api url is API slash 2.1 slash jobs slash create. That's what we call from our code. Correct? You can see the request Json sample here, but we do not need to manually code the request Json. We can create the object using the Databricks UI and get the Json after creating the object. Almost every Databricks object has an option to show you the Json definition for it. So you can copy it from there. We scroll down. And you can see the complete documentation. You will see the response details at the bottom. You will get an Http 200 response for success, and job ID is included in the response Json. The point is straight Databricks gives you Rest API to automate your project work. You can refer to the documentation here and explore things you need to do in your project. We will learn a few more things in the course to give you a good hands on on these APIs. Great. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.