Hello, and welcome to this lecture, Transit Gateway Peering. Now that we understood in earlier lectures that if you have multiple VPCs across different AWS regions and accounts, you can peer those VPCs using VPC peering. Exactly same thing you can apply for transit gateways. You know that transit gateways are the regional routers, which means that if you have VPCs in one region, you can connect those VPCs to the transit gateway in the same region only, which means if you need a connectivity between multiple VPCs via the transit gateway, then what you could do is rather connect these transit gateways across the AWS region. So you need to establish this private connectivity between these two transit gateways. Now, the process will be exactly similar to the VPC peering where one transit gateway will be the requester of the connection, and the other AWS account or region, you have to accept that connection. Now, this transit gateways could be across AWS region, and across AWS accounts as well. That means you can connect your transit gateway to your customer's transit gateway in different region. Now, what this enables you to really have the region-wide private connectivity between these multiple VPCs, and not just VPCs. You could have this transit gateway on the left side connected to maybe on premise network, so ultimately, you get a full network connectivity across AWS regions. Now, if you think to understand why you implement the transit gateway peering is that the routes that you would have to put on the transit gateway connection has to be static, and which means that you cannot have the BGP routing enabled for these two transit gateways. Now, we learned that through BGP, you can dynamically exchange routes from one router to another. That means if there are new networks discovered on these right side maybe, the transit gateway is supposed to share those routes with the transit gateway on the left side so that all the traffic automatically get routed to the other transit gateway, because this transit gateway knows where that destination IP address is, but in case of transit gateway appearing that doesn't happen, that means you have to manually configure the route table, and in that, you have to configure that if the traffic is going to the destination on the right side, then use the transit gateway peering connection. So let me give an example. In this picture, you can see on the left side, this is US East-1 region, and you have two VPCs connected to the transit gateway, VPC-A and B, and on the right side, you have VPC-C, as well as corporate data center connected to the transit gateway. Now, if you need the connectivity between all these networks together, of course, we will set up a transit gateway peering to start with, but for the full connectivity, you also need to configure the route tables on the transit gateways. So on the left side, you can see there will be an attachment to the transit gateway, and that attachment route table will look something like this. On the left side, you would have these two VPCs connected, so of course, the CIDR of those VPCs will have the route table entries here, and the route type will be propagated. That means transit gateway will learn that these are the CIDRs. And on the right side, you also have VPC-C, but the traffic has to go through the transit gateway peering ID, and this route type is static. It is not automatically propagated. That means if you don't add this entry, then these two transit gateway cannot send those traffic. Similarly, for the corporate data center, we added one more static route here. Okay, and similarly, you need to make similar changes on the right side of the network. That means there will be this two propagated routes, one for VPC-C and one for corporate data center so that they can communicate with each other, but then if you want to send or receive traffic from this US East-1 region, then you need to have these two additional static routes there. Now, you could also do something like aggregating the routes, but here we are just using the exact CIDR address of the VPCs. The bottom line is for transit gateway peering, you need to have static groups. Further understand that this connectivity is private, and it is across the region, and it is encrypted by default by AWS, so you don't need to do anything. So if the scenario is given that the traffic across the region should be encrypted, then if you use any of the AWS private connectivity options like transit gateway peering or VPC peering, then the traffic is automatically encrypted, and as in bandwidth, it can support up to 50 Gbps bandwidth between these two transit gateways, so you get a fair enough bandwidth to have the high network throughput applications running across the two regions. And finally, you should use unique ASN. Now, this is kind of best practice, but at this moment it doesn't matter, because a BGP is not supported between transit gateways via the peering connection, but in the future, AWS will enhance the capabilities, and at that moment, maybe you would be able to set up the BGP connections, and then those autonomous system numbers should not be the blocker there for you. So that's it about transit gateway peering. We are going to see interesting network architectures leveraging transit gateways, but little later, because we need to cover other topic first, and then we'll put all things together to see how transit gateway peering can be used in different ways. So thanks for watching this lecture. Stay tuned.