Hello, and welcome to this lecture, Transit Gateway Connect Attachment. So you already know that Transit Gateway supports different type of attachments. The very first stage VPC attachment, then you could also have Direct Connect attachment, where you connect Direct Connect to Transit Gateway using Direct Connect Gateway. Then you could also have the VPN attachment where you can terminate your IPsec VPN tunnels onto the Transit Gateway. And then there is one more attachment type which is Transit Gateway Connect. Now this attachment is used for connecting Transit Gateway to the virtual appliances, such that your SD-WAN routers. And this is essential whenever you want to extend your existing SD-WAN network to AWS using the Transit Gateway. And that's where it becomes important attachment to learn about. So at high level, you can see here, there is a Transit Gateway and then you could have your virtual appliances running inside a VPC. And now this virtual appliances can be connected to the Transit Gateway using this connect attachment. And for establishing this connect attachment, you need to create a GRE tunnel between Transit Gateway and this virtual appliance here. So again, you can create Transit Gateway Connect attachment to establish a connection between Transit Gateway and third-party virtual appliances, which are running in a VPC, or it can also run in on-premise network. And we'll talk about that architecture as well. Now for connecting this Transit Gateway Connect attachment, you need a transport attachment first. Now, what is transport attachment? In order to connect this appliances to the Transit Gateway before creating this GRE tunnel, there should be a transport mechanism. So there are essentially two mechanisms by which you can connect these appliances to the Transit Gateway. One is a VPC attachment. That means the VPC in which this appliances are running can be connected to the Transit Gateway with normal VPC attachment. And this is a case when your appliances running inside a VPC, but if your appliances are running on-premises, then you can use Direct Connect as your transport attachment. And then it supports Generic Routing Encapsulation tunnel protocol, and it provides you higher performance. And it also supports BGP. In fact, for connect attachment, it is must to have the BGP peering. Now, if you look at this architecture here. On the left side, you have VPCs, which are connected to the Transit Gateway with regular VPC attachment. And our appliance is running inside a VPC. And this VPC is also connected to the Transit Gateway with regular VPC attachment. And that's the transport layer as of now. Now once you have these attachments created for Connect attachment, you can create on top of this transport mechanism. So one end is Transit Gateway and other end is this virtual appliance inside of VPC. And you can create now the Connect attachment. And as you create a Connect attachment, then GRE tunnel gets established and you need to also have the BGP peering between these two end points here. So ultimately, there will be a BGP session configured between the Transit Gateway and the network appliance running there. And there will be BGP configurations like inside IP addresses as well as external IP addresses. So Transit Gateway will have a unique IP address which you can assign to the Transit Gateway while you create it or you can modify that address later as well. And appliance would have its own IP address which is called peer IP address here. Now you know that BGP also need inside IP addresses. So you can allocate an IP address range from 169.254.0.0/16 range. And out of this 169.254.0.2.5 are reserved. So you can use any further IP addresses like 169.254.6.0 onwards for BGP peering station. And this is what is shown in this architecture. Now let's understand how you can use VPC attachment as the transport mechanism. And how can you use Direct Connect attachment as your transport mechanism. Now, in the first case, your appliance is running inside a VPC. So architecture will be something similar to what you see here, but in case of Direct Connect, your appliances are running in on-premises network. So let's look at the first case when the VPC transport attachment is used. So you can see on the left side, we have VPCs connected to the Transit Gateway. And then we have virtual appliances running inside a VPC. And this VPC is connected to the Transit Gateway or the VPC attachment. And on top of it, we create the connect attachment. We form the GRE tunnel and there is a BGP session going in between. Now in order for your on-premise network to connect to this VPC, you can use different mechanisms. So one mechanism is you can use either a Direct Connect or you can have internet-based connectivity but ultimately, you are extending your on-premise network to the VPC. And then from there, you are creating this Connect attachment to the Transit Gateway. Now, this architecture makes sense when you have to run this virtual appliances inside AWS. Similarly, if you have your virtual appliances running on-premises network, then in that case, you can connect your on-premise data center to Transit Gateway. Now, you know that in order to connect Direct Connect to the Transit Gateway, you need data connect gateway with the transit weave. And once that connection is established, that is used as your transport mechanism. And then you can do the same thing again. Once that connectivity is established you can create then GRE return on top of it. And then you can set up a BGP peering session. So ultimately, your Transit Gateway connect can be used as a third-party branch or a customer gateway appliance turning in an on-premise network that uses AWS Direct Connect as a transport. So these are two different architectures for connect attachment. And remember that whenever it talks about connecting Transit Gateway to the virtual appliances, then probably will go with one of these architectures. Now, a few things to remember about Transit Gateway Connect attachment. It does not support static routes. Only BGP support it for the Connect attachment. And then if you talk about the bandwidth, every GRE tunnel supports up to five Gbps of the bandwidth. And likewise, you could have four connect peers established on the same connection. Ultimately, it provides you up to 20 Gbps bandwidth per connection. Now, if you compare this with the IPsec VPN, then IPsec VPN only provides 1.25 Gbps per connection. But then you would've to have many more VPN connection in parallel to really get 20 Gbps bandwidth. And you would've to also do EC MPN all those configurations. Now here as well, if there are multiple GRE tunnels, you would have to configure the equal cost multipath. But then you just need four such tenants in this case. And that's it about Transit Gateway Connect attachment. Again, you could find some of the scenarios which talks about connecting Transit Gateway to the virtual appliances. And in that case, you should know that you can use Transit Gateway Connect attachment. So thanks watching.