Hi, so we have already seen different types of the attachments that transit gateway support, so we talked about the VPC attachment, and we talked about the transit gateway peering. Now let's try to understand the VPN attachment, so, as you might have guessed, you can attach transit gateway to the on-premises network using AWS manage site-to-site VPN. Now, we are going to cover everything about site-to-site VPN in a different section, but if you're not aware of that, then let me quickly tell you that AWS provides the manage site-to-site IPsec VPN, and for that, you have to have your VPC, and you attach the virtual private gateway to that VPC, and on the customer side, you have customer router, and then you set up this site-to-site VPN, so this works well as long as you have just one or two VPCs, and on the right side, you have maybe one or couple of branch offices, but then, again, this connectivity's one-to-one. That means as many VPCs and as many customer gateways you have, you will have those many site-to-site VPN connection, so if you have multiple branch offices, then all these VPN connections will terminate on the same virtual private gateway, and now you can further add the complexity by adding multiple VPCs. Then those many VPN connections needs to be maintained, and as you might have guessed already, this network architecture can be greatly simplified by using the transit gateway, so what you can rather do is instead of connecting multiple VPCs or different VPN connections, you just add the transit gateway. Now, you know that transit gateways are the regional routers, so in a given AWS region, you can create a transit gateway, and then you can attach all these VPCs to that transit gateway, and now, instead of terminating your VPN connection or the virtual private gateways, you can terminate that on the transit gateway. Now, for that, you use VPN attachment. Now rest of the VPN features remains almost same with some differences, which we are going to talk about soon, but ultimately, you have now all your VPN terminating on the transit gateway, and to further scale this architecture, if you have multiple branch offices, then, of course, you will have multiple VPN connections terminating on the same transit gateway, so this is one of the very popular architecture when you want to implement the hybrid connectivity between AWS VPCs and your on-premises data center network. Okay, so I hope that is understood. Now, one more additional feature that AWS VPN provides when you connect that to the transit gateway is accelerated VPN. Now, what that means, so here, on the right side, you have corporate data center, and here you have transit gateway. Now, earlier in this lecture, we saw that you directly have this VPN connection terminating on the transit gateway, and this is how it works, but you can optimize the network path of this connection. Now, by default, the VPN traffic will go over your Internet service provider's network, so it will land into AWS region over this transit gateway, but this connection goes over the Internet. Now, you can use AWS global accelerator feature of AWS site-to-site VPN where your traffic is first routed to the nearest edge location that AWS has, and we are going to talk about the edge locations mainly in the CloudFront section, but ultimately, these are the point of presence locations across the globe. There are 400-plus, but the way it optimizes your network traffic is that the traffic from on-premise network goes to the nearest edge location, and from there, it is already connected to AWS backbone network, so your path to the transit gateway mainly stays on the AWS network, and small part of your network goes over the Internet, and one thing here to understand is that you can only use AWS global accelerator when you terminate your VPN connection on the transit gateway. It is not supported if you are terminating your VPN connection on the virtual private gateway, so basically, the architecture that we had started this lecture with, so this is another important way in which you can optimize your network traffic while using site-to-site VPN with transit gateway. Okay, so with that, now let's look at another benefit of using the VPN with transit gateway, and this time, it is about increasing the total aggregated bandwidth between the on-premise network and AWS, so going back to our original architecture where we had the VPC with virtual private gateway or VPN gateway, and you could connect directly to the customer gateway. Now, what if you want to have the additional bandwidth between these two networks? So obviously, you would think that you can have multiple VPN connections, and then you can send the traffic on both these connections at the same time, therefore you get double the bandwidth, but that's not true. Now, that's for the reason that virtual private gateway device here has the limit of 1.25 Gbps aggregated bandwidth, and you can't increase that, and at the same time, you know that VPN tunnel also has 1.25 Gbps of maximum bandwidth limit, and, in general, if you want to load balance the traffic across multiple connections, then you need to have ECMP, that is equal cost multipath, which is like, you know, sending the traffic on both the links at the same time, and virtual private gateway doesn't support the ECMP. Now, for that reason, you can't have the higher bandwidth than 1.25 Gbps if you are terminating your VPN connection on the virtual private gateway. Okay, so what you can do in that case, you can use a transit gateway. Now you are having multiple VPN connection terminating on the same transit gateway, and you enable the dynamic routing, and you also enable the ECMP on both these VPN connections. Now, on the customer router side, you also need to take care of the BGP as well as ECMP. Once you do that, your traffic flowing from AWS to on-premises or on-premises to AWS can be load balanced across these two connections, which means you get benefit of total aggregated bandwidth across these two connections. Now, if you want to calculate the total bandwidth or, say, total effective bandwidth, you know that every VPN connection has two IPsec tunnels, and every tunnel has the maximum bandwidth of 1.25 Gbps, so effective bandwidth out of this network architecture will be up to 5 Gbps. Now, I said effective because the bandwidth and network throughput depends on lot of factors, but theoretically, you can consider that you can combine the total aggregated bandwidth across all these VPN connections. Now, one more thing to understand is that though you are getting more aggregated bandwidth, the per-flow bandwidth is still limited to 1.25 Gbps Now, per flow means per TCP connection, so if you are sending, say, 100-GB file over a single TCP connection, it will go through either of these four tunnels, and every tunnel is still limited to 1.25 Gbps bandwidth, so for that TCP connection, you will still be limited to 1.25 Gbps bandwidth, but if you are sending four files at the same time, then total bandwidth could be up to 5 Gbps, so I hope that is clear, so now, in this case, we are terminating both these VPN connections on the same customer router side, but you can also terminate these VPN connections on different customer router side. Only thing that you need to take care is that when you advertise the BGP parameters, for example, the local preference, the MED values, the AS path, the ASN numbers, they are exactly same if you want to enable the ECMP, right? Now, with that, we will slightly change this architecture, and now we have two different routers, and suppose your corporate data center has the CIDR of 192.168.0.0/24. Then what you can do is you can enable the ECMP on both these VPN connections, and you can additionally configure the routes such that you configure specific route on a particular VPN connection. For example, the first half of the CIDR traffic will go through the first VPN connection and second half of the CIDR will go through the second connection, and on top of this, you can also advertise the BGP routes, which is aggregated route over both these VPN connections, so if any of the VPN connection is unhealthy or terminates, then also, your traffic is routed over the other active VPN connection, so this kind of traffic routing you can do to enable the ECMP along with the BGP routing, so what I want you to take from this is that with transit gateway and a VPN connection, you can have the ECMP, and you can have higher aggregated bandwidth. Now, for that, remember that you need to have the BGP routing configured. You can't use the static routing. Okay, I hope that is clear, so as I said, we are going to talk more about the VPN and transit gateway in the VPN section as well, but in this lecture, I just wanted to touch upon these important concepts, and I hope that is clear. Now, with that, let's move on to the next type of the attachment that is direct connect attachment with transit gateway. Thanks for watching and stay tuned.