Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now, in this lecture let's see how can you use Transit Gateway to centralize the VPC interface endpoint access by connecting multiple spoke VPCs to a centralized VPC, and in that VPC you will provision the VPC interface endpoint. Now, we have a dedicated section where we learn about interface endpoints, why they're used and different architectures. But here, as we are talking about Transit Gateway, it's important to cover this architecture because this is also something that can be asked in your exam. So, what are interface endpoints? Just for a quick recap, interface endpoints allows you to connect to AWS services endpoints privately from your VPC. Which means if from instance, A in VPC A probably you want to make an API call to EC2 service or say SQS service, KMS, likewise, there are 120 plus AWS services endpoints available. So you don't need outbound internet access or a NAT gateway in your VPC, but with VPC interface endpoint you can directly connect to these services. Now, the way it works is using private link. So it actually provisions ENI into your subnet. And then through that ENI you can reach to the AWS service public endpoint. So that's in a nutshell is an interface endpoint. Now, as I said, there is a dedicated topic and a section for interface endpoint. But now look at the architecture here. What if we want to centralize the access? What that means is right now, I have one VPC and I want to connect to three endpoint services, right? As shown in this architecture. So ultimately I would create three VPC endpoints and it will create three NIS into my VPC. Now, this works fine, but what if I have more VPCs? Say I have four VPCs altogether. And if from those VPCs as well I want to access AWS services endpoint. Then I would've to again, create three endpoints in every VPC. Now, if you see, number of endpoints are increasing and over the time, if you have multiple VPCs and you have a lot of endpoints that needs to be created. As of now, we just have three here, but maybe you need a private access to maybe 50 endpoint services. Then you just multiply those number and those many endpoints you need to provision and manage that a lot, right? So transit gateway can help you solve that problem. What we can do is instead of provisioning this VPC endpoint into every VPC, let's call them spoke VPCs. You provision these endpoints in a centralized VPC, and then through transit gateway, you connect all this spoke VPC to this centralized VPC. And in this case we just need to create now three VPC endpoints for three AWS services endpoint, and then all the spoke VPCs can privately access the endpoint services. So transit gateway greatly simplifies this architecture. Now, everything works fine however, we also need to understand how the AWS services DNS will be resolved in this case, right? So that's the question. Now, what do I mean by that? Suppose you are running some application on instance A here and this application wants to connect securely to SQS API Endpoint. Now for that you'll use SDK or CLI as a part of your application, running an instance A and that CLI or SDK will make an API call with the DNS name, say SQS dot region name which could be ap-south-1.amazonaws.com. Now, you don't have outbound internet connectivity so this DNS will be resolved to a public endpoint of SQS endpoint by default, but as there is no NAT gateways and there are no internet gateways your traffic will never go out to the SQS service and your call will fail. Now, what essentially we want is if instance A makes an API call to SQS then that DNS resolution should be resolved to the private IP address of your VPC endpoint which is available into this centralized VPC. Now, how do you really do that, right? So let's look at the solution here. So ultimately what you want is, in all these spoke VPCs if there is a DNS resolution request goes for sps.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com it should be resolved to the VPC endpoint, private IP, right? And what really happens when you create a VPC endpoint into a centralized VPC is that you can enable the private DNS for that VPC endpoint. So let's take an example. You enable it for say, SQS endpoint. Now what AWS does in this case, it creates one private hosted zone with the same name as your API endpoint which is sqs.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com and then it attaches that private hosted zone with this VPC. Now, if from this VPC there is an EC2 instance here and you try to resolve sqs.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com, it will automatically get results to the private IP of your VPC endpoint ENI. And this is what works but that works only within this VPC, right? It is not resolvable in the spoke VPCs. So all these VPCs still cannot resolve this sqs.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com to the private IP of VPC endpoint. So that's the problem. If you want to centralize access to VPC interface endpoints but there is solution to that as well. What you would have to do in this case is first, you disable this private DNS, right? Now, disabling this private DNS does one thing, right? It doesn't automatically create that private hosted zone in the name of SQS dot whatever, right? And then what you can do is you can create your own private hosted zone with the same name as your API endpoint. In this case, sqs.apc-south-1.amazonaws.com. And then you create Alias record into your hosted zone which says the root domain that is sqs.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com points to the VPC endpoint DNS. Now, you get this DNS from VPC endpoint as you create, you will get, you know, multiple DNS names for the same VPC endpoint. And we'll talk more about that later. But you can manually create these Alias records into these private hosted zone. And then you should also create corresponding hosted zone for other VPC endpoint services as well. So SQS is just an example. Similarly, you can do it for KMS, EC2 and 120 more such services. And ultimately after you create this hosted zone you attach these hosted zones to all these spoke VPCs. Now, as soon as you attach this private hosted zones to the spoke VPCs, now within the spoke VPCs you can resolve the DNS name for AWS public service. And that means if any application running inside this spoke VPCs can automatically resolve to the private IP address of your VPC endpoint. Now there are certain important things to know about the DNS and VPC interface endpoints. When you create an interface endpoint it will provide you two kinds of the DNS. One is original DNS entry, and one is easy level DNS entry. Now, while these two entries, because, many a times what you would want is the traffic from a particular AZ into your spoke VPCs only goes to the VPC endpoint in that particular AZ in the target VPC. When I say target, it's a centralized VPC so that you don't have the inter AZ data transfer charges. Now, what you can do definitely is you can use then AZ specific DNS name into your route 53 hosted zone and you can then manage it at the application level which DNS names you want to resolve to, right? Now, if you look at the regional DNS endpoint, it ultimately resolves to this easy level DNS endpoint. So this is an example here. After I created VPC endpoint, it gave me this regional DNS name for that endpoint. And if I do NS look up to that, it will give me two DNS records. And it results to the private IP address from corresponding availability zone in which the endpoint has been created. Now, again, as I said, in order to save some inter-AZ transfer cost into the spoke VPCs you could use this easy, specific DNS name instead of region specific DNS name. So if you just try to resolve the easy specific DNS name for the input it will results to one single private IP address. And this choice has to be made by the client, right? So that's about the VPC interface endpoint. You now understand how you can use AWS transit gateway to have centralized access to these endpoints. And more importantly, you should know how to resolve the DNS names for AWS services using the privacy hosted zone. Okay now let's also apply the cost lens to the same architecture. Now, let's go back to the original architecture where we had three VPC interface endpoints into each VPC. Now, VPC interface endpoint comes with the cost and there are two types of the cost associated. One, per hour charged for the VPC interface endpoint and then how much data flows to that VPC interface endpoint. Now, if you have multiple VPC you will just multiply this cost with multiple VPCs. So it's a lot of cost again. Okay now, if you do the same thing using transit gateway that doesn't really mean that you are saving a lot of money. Though you might just see three VPC interface endpoints into the centralized VPC. Of course we'll pay for that. But then the connectivity from the VPC to the transit gateway doesn't come free, right? There is additional charge per attachment per VPC as well as there is a data processing charge as it flows through your transit gateway attachment. And this cost is much higher than the VPC interface endpoint cost. So if you look at the cost here you'll be paying for transit gateway attachment as well as data processing charge at every attachment. And on top of it you will pay for the VPC interface endpoint which are provision inside your centralized VPC. So, in order to really look at the cost clearly you should consider all these factors. You should consider how many attachments are there, how much data is getting processed and then ultimately should come to the decision. So it's not in black and white that this is cheaper, and this is costly. You should really take that decision based on your architecture. Okay, now, one more architecture that I wanted to discuss here is instead of using transit gateways you could also use VPC peering connections between spoke VPCs and the centralized VPC. Now why this, right? When transit gateway is there? Now, one of the obvious reason is cost, again. You saw that transit gateway comes with a lot of cost for the attachment, as well as for data processing charges. And in VPC pairing case, there is no such charge. VPC pairing comes for free. That means if you have limited number of VPCs you can only have up to 10 VPCs connected to the centralized VPC. You need to check the current limit though but it was 10 earlier. Then there is a limitation, right? You can't connect more than that to the centralized VPC. And if you look at this architecture, this very well works and you would have to do the exact same thing that you did for the DNS solution. That means you would've to create a private hosted zone and then associate that with all the spoke VPCs. Also you need to disable the private DNS for the VPC endpoint so that AWS doesn't automatically create AWS service, private hosted zone and associates that with this centralized VPC. So, very well both the architecture will work but if you need more flexibility and there are a lot of VPCs which goes beyond the VPC pairing limitation then always go for the transit gateway. So that's it for this lecture. And I hope you understand how the centralized access to the VPC interface endpoint can be managed using the transit gateways and you know the pros and cons of the architectures that we discussed today. This is interesting and you might find some questions around this into your exam, so make sure you understand these concepts well. Thanks for watching and stay tuned.