Hello, and welcome to this lecture transit gateway sharing or you can say sharing the transit gateway. Basically, as the title suggests, what it means is you can share your transit gateways across AWS accounts, and then it is possible that you can connect your VPCs from different accounts to the transit gateway, which is owned by different AWS account. But there are certain caveats when it comes to attachments like VPN or a direct connect. And we'll talk about all those things in this lecture. So very first thing, how do you share transit gateways? So for this, you have to use AWS Resource Access Manager that is RAM, and RAM allows you to share various AWS resources, including the transit gateway. And those resources can be shared across AWS account in your organization or you could also share with other AWS account in other AWS organization. So RAM is an essential service to share AWS resources securely with other AWS accounts. So generic flow, how do you use AWS Resource Access Manager is that you first select the resources that you want to share. And then you are going to define the permissions, like what actions are permitted on these shared resources. So you are going to share this resource with other AWS accounts. So the user in that AWS account can perform only certain actions that you can define with these IAM permissions when you share the resources. Then you specify AWS accounts or organization units or AWS organizations or IAM roles and users with whom you want to share these resources. And once that's done, all resources that you want to share will be shared with specified principle entities into AWS, and then those users or roles will only get access to the actions that you have mentioned in your permissions boundary. And that's how the AWS Resource Access Manager works. And as I said, transit gateways also and resource, which can be shared using AWS Resource Access Manager. Now, when you share transit gateway using RAM with other AWS account, then the other AWS account owner can connect the VPCs from that account with the transit gateway, which has been shared with that account. So it's possible that you can connect VPCs across different AWS accounts. Now, a few caveats and important to know, while you use AWS Resource Access Manager to share the transit gateways, first, if you are using the site-to-site VPN attachment to the transit gateway, then you have to make sure that the VPN attachment is created in the same account as the transit gateway owner account. So you can't cross connect the VPN attachment across different AWS accounts. Further, if you're using a direct connect gateway to connect transit gateway to the direct connect, then you could also use direct connect gateway from other AWS account. So again, cross account connection is possible in case of direct connect gateway. Now, when a transit gateway shared with the AWS account, the other AWS account cannot really create, modify, delete the transit gateway route tables, and it cannot even enable or disability the route propagations and the associations. So that means the control of the route is with the owner of the transit gateway. And finally, you need to make sure that when you choose the availability zone into the other VPCs which are going to connect to your transit gateway. Now in that VPC, you would have to select availability zone where the transit gateway attachments are created, right? Now if you know the way AWS names the availability zone is something like us-east-1A, us-east-1B, likewise, right? Now for you or say for one account us-east-1A maybe a one availability zone, but in the same region, if there is another AWS account, then us-east-1A maybe a different availability zone, and probably AWS has done in that way because then otherwise everybody would keep launching the instances, maybe only first AZ, and that would make some kind of imbalance between resource capacity in those AZ. So, which means you shouldn't rely on the AZ name to identify a unique, AZ across different accounts, but rather AWS has assigned AZ IDs to the AZ and those remains constant irrespective of different AWS account. So instead of us-east-1A, you should look at the AZ ID and which could look like use1-az1, so us-east-1-az1. So this is now AZ ID. And if you refer this AZ ID into any of the AWS account in that region, then all will mean the same AZ. So you are making sure that the transit gateway attachments are created in the same AZ. And this is important because you know transit gateway has AZ affinity. Otherwise, you might have additional AZ data transfer charges. Okay, so that's it about sharing the transit gateways. It's a small topic, but important to know that you can share transit gateways across AWS accounts and AWS organizations as well. So thanks for watching.