Let's go through what to expect on the exam itself. Hopefully you won't need that full time. That's a long time to sit and think about AWS. And in the final exam there will be 65 questions to get through during that time. Make sure you take the time to fully understand each question. That is really the key to success here, so don't just skim over the scenario. If they're asking you to optimize for some specific thing, or there's some little detail there, it's important to really know what the question is asking, because otherwise you might miss some little nuance that makes the difference between a correct answer and an incorrect answer. Oftentimes, there seems to be more than one right answer, even in a multiple selection exam question. But those little nuances in the setup might make the difference as to which one is. The more appropriate, the better answer between those ones that might possibly work. They have a flag capability. As you're taking these questions, so do take the time to go back and double check things. If you're not sure about your answer to a question, hit that flag icon and then when you're done, if you have time left over, you can go back and review those flagged questions again to give them a little bit more thought and have another go at it. Keep in mind you cannot bring anything into the room if you're dealing with a in-person exam, and even if you're doing an online proctored exam, you have to make sure there's nothing in the room that might be used for cheating. They will make you actually turn your webcam around to confirm that the room is basically empty. Uh, if it's in person, you're allowed note paper or a dry erase board and earplugs. Um, if you're taking this online, though, you're not even allowed that. So it's just you and the computer screen. So schedule these exams smartly. Make sure you've mastered any practice exams that are available first before you schedule this thing. Don't push yourself further than you need to. Choose a time of day for scheduling that matches your highest energy level. Remember, you're going to need stamina to get through this thing. And remember, different testing providers may have different availability. So if you don't see a time slot that works for you from one provider, you might want to try another before you head in. Make sure you use the bathroom or whether that's in person or at home, because three hours is a long time to go right, especially if you just had a big cup of coffee. Uh, so take care of any biological needs ahead of time. You're not going to be allowed a bathroom break. You might want to eat something first just to keep your blood sugar up. Keep your brain energized, but not right beforehand. That might actually decrease your energy immediately. So get a good breakfast a little bit ahead of time. If you can. Get a good night's sleep the nights before. I know that's a tall order. Easier said than done, but whatever you can do to make that happen and review anything you might need to memorize before going in, you know little details that you might have forgotten about, like the difference between recall and precision, for example, or the difference between different regularization techniques. Be alert. You know, whatever works for you. I've got some cans of energy drinks here on the screen here. If that's not your cup of tea. Hey, maybe actual tea is what works for you. Whatever works, do some exercise. You know, get your blood pumping, make sure you got the energy to get through this thing because it really is draining. And make sure you're ready. You know, you got $300 on the line if it's a beta exam. Yeah, it's cheaper, but still it's money. Don't waste it. So take the practice exams, review the slides of this course. Do it repeatedly. Make sure you're prepared. Because this is not an easy exam. They're going to quiz you on little details that you probably don't deal with on a day to day basis. Some general exam strategies don't rush. So you're going to have about two minutes per question for the time that you have. So pace yourself. You know, don't feel like you have to rush through each question in 30s. So take the time to understand what you're being asked to optimize for, what the requirements are for the question, and what's being told to you about the system as a whole that you're designing against? So make sure you fully understand the question before you try to answer it. Don't just skim them. That's the path to failure. And if you're not sure, you can use the process of elimination. So even if you don't know the correct answer, there's probably some you can eliminate pretty easily. So that will increase your odds of getting the correct answer, at least if you can eliminate some of the incorrect ones. Keep calm. You know it's going to be a tough exam. You might freak out a little bit because you're going to say, oh wow, this is tougher than I thought. You're not going to get 100%. Nobody does. Right? You don't have to, though. It's pass or fail. So even if you think you're not doing that well, there's a good chance you passed anyway. So keep calm. Don't get freaked out. Just try and get through it. It's a tough. It's a grueling exam. From what I've seen so far, it's way more challenging than you would expect for an associate level exam. I think it's every bit as difficult as the specialty level exam as well. Um, the difference is that it's not really focusing on higher level system design so much, but the details it expects you to know are still pretty deep. Anyway, with these tips in hand, I hope you're well prepared to walk into that exam and pass it with flying colors.