So now that we've looked at user data, we have a few problems with it. It turns out that it's a batch script, but what if you want to have a very large instance configuration? And what if you want to evolve the state of our EC2 instance without terminating it and creating a new one? How do we make EC2 user data more readable? And how do we know if user data scripts were successful or not? So enter the CloudFormation helper scripts. So these are Python scripts, and they come directly with the Amazon Linux AMIs or you can install them if you don't have Amazon Linux using yum or dnf. And four of these very important scripts are cfn-init, cfn-signal, cfn-get-metadata, and cfn-hup And in this lecture we're going to discuss cfn-init. So first, before we discuss cfn-init, let's discuss the CloudFormation init block. So this is a block of configuration that belongs to a metadata block within the resource and it's comprised of multiple components. We have packages on the right hand side, you can see packages and it's used to download and install prepackaged apps and components, such as MySQL, PHP, et cetera, et cetera. Then groups to define user groups, users to define users, sources to download files and place them on your EC2 instance, files to create files on an EC2 instance, commands to run a series of commands, and services to launch services. And we'll see one of these examples, so we'll make this very concrete in a few seconds. So cfn-init is a Python script and it's used to retrieve and interpret the resource metadata, how to install packages, creating files, and starting services on your EC2 instances. So with this cfn-init script, you can make complex EC2 configurations readable. How does it work? Well, the EC2 instance is going to query the CloudFormation service to get the init data. So CloudFormation is going to launch an EC2 instance. The EC2 instance is going to run the cfn-init script and it will retrieve the init data directly from CloudFormation. So of course we must define this CloudFormation in its block in the metadata of a resource. I will show you how in a second. And all the logs for this is going to go into the file named var/log/cfn-init.log. So here we have cfn-init.yaml as a file in which we create an EC2 instance, just like before, and we have a user data script. And as you can see, this user data script is a little bit different. This is a function in which we first update and get the latest cfn-bootstrap script, so this is the command right here. And then we start the cfn-init script. So we start cfn-init, we pass in a StackId with a minus S argument, and for this we resolve this StackId pseudo parameter. Okay, so this is something that is provided as part of your CloudFormation template already and we just resolve it and pass it to the cfn-init script. Then -r is to which resource we will find the metadata attached to it. So it's my instance. My instance right here is the same name as here, and so that means that here underneath my instance, as you can see, underneath, underneath there is a metadata block. And this metadata block contains the CloudFormation in its block we're looking for. So this is why we indicate to the script cfn-init to look into this StackId and the resource being my instance. Finally, we have the region again with the pseudo parameter AWS::Region. And then in case of errors, we'll return a failed to run cfn-init. Okay, so once we have that, then we need to look deeper at what this CloudFormation init block does. So it does one configuration and will install packages of type yum and httpd. So it will install Apache. Then it will define a file name index.html, and here is the content of that file. It's a multi-line string, and here is the mode to read that file. And then commands that we're going to run such as echo 'hello world' just as an example, and services that we initialize such as httpd, which is going to be enabled yes and ensureRunning: 'true'. So this is way more readable, way, way, way more readable than the script we had from before. Because this was convoluted, this was doing a lot of things, but we didn't know exactly what. But with this block right here, cfn-init, we know which packages we install, we know which files we create and they can have very complex content. We know the commands to run and the services to run. So this is improving the way we are defining user data in CloudFormation. So let's run this. So let's go back into our stacks and then create a stack from a template being cfn-init. And I'll call this one DemoCfninit. Next, and then we submit. And so this is going to create an EC2 instance. Again, just to describe the process. This EC2 instance is going to bootstrap, is going to run the user data and the script, which is going to run the cfn-init command to actually get data of the AWS CloudFormation init block from our StackId and our instance and this region. So let's have a look right here. As you can see, yes, the instance is CREATE_IN_PROGRESS. So my instance is now successfully created. Let's go in here, refresh this. We have a running instance with a public IPv4. I'm going to copy this and get a hello world back from our EC2 instance. And this was created using cfn-init. So this is all very positive. Let's connect to our instance and have a look at how we can debug things if need be. So if I do cat /var/log/cloud-init log we get some information that, yes, this cfn-init command was being run, but we don't get any output from it. So instead, what I need to do is to kept the log, so /var/log and then cfn-init.log. And this is going to show me all the log of what has been running such as, hey, we've installed httpd, we ran the command hello, we enabled the service, we started the service as well, and so on. But if you want to get more output from this command, you would get some information out of the cfn-init-cmd.log file. And this is going to give you the output of all the commands that were run by cfn-init. And so in case there are any errors, this is where you would look at to debug. And so thanks to this, we saw how to properly configure an EC2 instance in a easier way, thanks to CloudFormation. But still, we don't know if this was successful or not, and we don't report this back to CloudFormation, and that's something we'll learn about in the next lecture. But first, don't forget to delete your stack and you're done. All right, that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.