So generally speaking, models will charge you by the token. So if you're looking to save money and control your costs, trying to manage the number of tokens that are going in and out of your foundation model is a good place to start, right? So before we can try to optimize our token usage, we need to measure it somehow. And fortunately bedrock makes that easy. So there's a count tokens API in bedrock that lets you do that. And the beauty of it is that we'll return the token count for a given request for a given prompt without actually running it, and it's free. So if you just want to experiment with different prompts and see how many tokens they actually use, you can do that for free using the Count Tokens API. So you can use this in a bunch of different ways, so you can try testing out different models and see which ones tokenize more efficiently. You can also do things like optimizing your prompts to fit within a given limit of tokens, so you can have token limits in some situations. Maybe it's a budget that you're trying to impose on yourself, and maybe you're just trying to use a really smaller model that has a more fixed number of tokens available to it. So if you're trying to fit your prompts into a given token limit or token window, the Count Tokens API is a good way of doing it. Another tool in your tool chest is CloudWatch for this purpose, and that can also track token usage on the output side so it logs both input token count and output token count for going in and going out of your foundation model. And again, measuring it is the first step to optimizing it, right. So you can experiment with different types of applications, different kinds of prompts, different kinds of approaches to what you're doing and see what yields the lowest token count and therefore the lowest cost. Now there are other stuff that CloudWatch monitors as well that you might find helpful for optimizing your applications. And that includes the count of your requests and the time that they take. Of course, the obvious stuff. Also, it measures the time to first token. So when you're streaming responses back from a foundation model, that time that it takes to start seeing that streaming response come back to you is very important from a responsibility standpoint, right? So your application won't seem responsive if that stream doesn't start pretty soon. And that lets you measure that. So that's very important from a user standpoint. It would also log any throttles that happen, any server errors, any client errors that happen upon invoking your models. And at the model level it will measure the latency. The invocation count and any throttling happening at the model as well. And of course input and output token counts as well. Very important for managing your costs. Now there are some specific techniques for managing token efficiency that we can talk about here. One is called context window optimization or context pruning. These are related. So a lot of times the bulk of your tokens isn't coming from the prompt itself, but by the context that you're adding into that prompt. Right. So if you're using knowledge bases or retrieval augmented generation techniques, those are going to be going off and retrieving a bunch of ancillary data from some vector store or something. Right. And including that in the prompt. And that's where a lot of those tokens are going to come from. So this is why it's important to have a right balance between the size of your chunks coming back from that vector store and the relevancy that you need. Also, you can limit the number of chunks you retrieve to control that cost as well. Do you really need to be getting the top ten chunks? Well, the top two do well, the top five do. That's a really big lever for managing your token efficiency. You can also filter those chunks based on metadata. So we talked earlier about hybrid search techniques there where we're not just looking at the vector distances for your embeddings, but also keyword search as well. And if your keywords reveal that some of those chunks are irrelevant to the to the prompt, you can toss them and save that token count as part of your context as well. Now, outside of rag and knowledge bases, another big source of token efficiency or inefficiency as it is, is the past conversation, history or things that have been actually injected into the conversation itself, like other documents and stuff. So if you're having a long conversation, we have to keep including that past conversation history as part of the short term memory that's passed in along with your prompt, that also eats up tokens. So what you could do is as your chat gets longer and longer and longer, you can just start to summarize the older parts of that chat, you know, so you can start to maybe safely forget about the details of it and just have a summary that you generate that will save on tokens going forward in that conversation. Or maybe you just cut it off. So that's the idea of a context window. You know, we just say, okay, beyond this size, we're just going to forget whatever was said beyond that point. So that might be an appropriate trade off for you if cost is a concern. Also response size controls and response limiting. So we talked about optimizing stuff going in. How do I optimize stuff going out. Well you can use a max tokens parameter on most of these models to say please try and get the response within this many tokens, and it will do its best to honor that. You can also just bake that into the prompt itself if you want to, and say respond in 50 words or less. Of course, the irony is you're using more input tokens in that case to try to reduce your output tokens, but you're probably going to win in the end there. Usually that works too. You can also provide some examples in your prompt to illustrate the desired verbosity that you want. So if it's not as simple as saying fit it in this number of words or tokens, maybe you want to give some examples of the level of detail that you want to get back as part of the prompt, and you can use that to control the verbosity that you get back. Also, even better, use structured data on the output side. So use JSON output and that will force it to use a given format and length in its response. Also, prompt compression is another technique. This one's a little bit iffy. So the idea here is that if you do have a large chat history or documents embedded in your prompt before you send that to a big, expensive model, maybe you can use a smaller model first to summarize it instead. And this is kind of a balance, right? Because obviously there's going to be costs involved in running that smaller model. And the cost of that small model needs to be less than, you know, the cost that you would have had by just processing it in the first place in the large model. So there's a balance to be struck there for sure, but sometimes it makes sense. Obviously that's going to increase your latency as well. So now you need to wait for that small model to do its summarization thing before it gets sent off to the bigger model. That's going to increase your latency and make your application less responsive, which might be a bad thing, but it can save on tokens. So if that's more important to you, go for it. Also, um, if you can use knowledge bases instead of just embedding entire documents in your prompt, that's a win, right? So the whole idea of rag and knowledge bases is that we're just retrieving these little chunks of data from a larger document, not the entire document. So it may be tempting just to stuff an entire document in with the prompt. Uh, it's better to just include that in an external data store where we can chunk it up and just get back the relevant bits of it, and only put those relevant bits in the prompt.