So minimizing your token counts is one lever you have. The other big lever is what model you're using. So different models cost different amount of money per token. The latest and greatest big huge models are going to cost more than the older ones that are more simple. Right. So this is also an opportunity to save money. So you need to make an informed trade off between cost and capability. Ask yourself do I really need this big expensive model or does my application not really require that sort of smarts? And a lot of times in these applications that you're building, the smarts are going to be in the data that it's retrieving from your system or your knowledge bases, or maybe within the tools that it's using under the hood. Right. So if that's the case, maybe you can get away with a smaller model. Maybe you don't need to do PhD level reasoning or whatever it is within your application, and you can get away with a cheaper model. So you kind of have to ask yourself, you know, what do I really need there? Also, if you're just using a foundation model for pre-processing, odds are you don't need an expensive model for that. Things like summarization and compression and classification and chunking. These are things that foundation models have been good at for a very long time, so you probably don't need the latest and greatest, most expensive model for that. That's also an opportunity to save a lot of money. All right. So the other thing you can do is dynamic routing. That's a very important concept. So sometimes you have a system where you don't really know upfront how complicated of a model you need, and you need to take a look at the input prompt that's coming in, and then route it to a model that has the appropriate level of complexity for the prompt that it's looking at, right. So this is a key way to how OpenAI manages cost. For example, if you use ChatGPT, whatever it is, it's going to look at your prompt and under the hood model that to the least expensive model that can do the job that it thinks it can do. And they save a lot of money that way, and so can you. So there's actually a feature baked into bedrock these days called intelligent prompt Routing that will do this for you. You can just go turn it on and it will say, okay, I will analyze your prompt, try to estimate its complexity, and then automatically route that to an appropriate foundation model under the hood that matches that level of complexity. So that way I'm not using the most expensive model all the time. When some of my prompts can make do with something that's less expensive. Now, if you're not using intelligent prompt routing, there are other ways to do it as well. You could obviously implement this in Amazon flows by having a conditional statement. So we saw that earlier. You know we had a prompt classifier agent that then had a conditional statement that said, well, if it's this kind of a prompt, I'm going to route it to this model. Otherwise route it to this other model, so on and so forth. So that's an example of dynamic routing. You could conceivably do this within a lambda function as well. That intercepts your prompt and executes some sort of logic. Lambda functions can do pretty much anything and decides to route it to an underlying model from that point. Agent squad, of course, is built for this sort of a thing as well. It's all about routing based on prompts, and you could also implement this using the Strands Agents SDK as well. And this is a really great application of agents by the way. So you know, if as long as it has some sort of a tool to score the complexity of that prompt, we can use that tool to route that prompt to the appropriate model to another agent downstream. So dynamic routing of prompts to appropriate models. Very important lever in managing your costs. Now as you're managing your costs and trying to choose the right models, you need to measure the price to performance ratio that you're trying to achieve, right? So it's all a trade off. You need to balance the performance of your system against the cost of this system as a whole. So you're making all these trade offs and tuning, but they'll probably have an impact on the performance of your system. So you need to measure it right. You need to know what you're doing and make informed choices. So Amazon Bedrock Evaluations is a tool we'll look at in a little bit more depth later on. But fundamentally it allows you to measure the performance of your foundation models. Levels, and doing that is not as easy as it sounds, you know, because often the quality of the results you're getting from a large language model is kind of subjective, right? How do you measure that? Well, it has features for actually injecting humans in the loop here. So I can use a human set of judges to evaluate by hand which responses are better to a human being. I can also use LM judges. So you know, a foundation model can judge the other foundation model or your system as a whole and evaluate the quality of the responses, just using a separate model to judge that response. And there are a few things you can measure just with predefined metrics as well. And we can track that too. What's important, though, is that Amazon Bedrock Evaluations has a compare feature, so we can actually use that to visualize the performance of different models with your prompts and see which ones do better. So when you have that performance metric, you can pair that with token counting to estimate the cost of each prompt in each system. Right. So using these together you can say okay, this prompt costs this many tokens. And I know that many tokens costs with this model. So that's what the estimated cost of this thing. That's the price. And then I can balance that with the performance that I'm measuring with Amazon bedrock evaluations or some other means. All right. So that's the key to measuring your price to performance ratio and allowing you to make informed trade offs between the two.