All right. For any system, caching is a big important thing for optimizing performance, right? So if you're getting the same repeated requests over and over again, you don't want to go under the hood and do a bunch of complicated stuff to just get back the same result over and over again. You want to save that stored result in a cache somewhere, and retrieve that more quickly and more immediately if you see the same requests coming in repeatedly. The problem with generative AI, though, is that you don't always get things being asked for the same way, right? So someone could ask for something in 10 million different ways just by wording it differently. And how do I know that those are actually mapping to the same thing under the hood? So this is where semantic caching comes into play. The idea here is that instead of caching the actual text of the prompt itself, we're caching it's meaning instead. And how do we do that? We create an embedding vector. So the idea here is that as a new prompt comes in, we create an embedding vector for it that kind of captures its meaning. And we cache the response for that against that embedding vector. So as new prompts come in, if we find a matching embedding vector or an embedding vector that's pretty close to it. We can say, okay, let's use this cached response instead of actually hitting our underlying foundation model. Where do I store this. So some options would be ElastiCache for Valky or Memorydb for actually storing this cache of prompt embeddings to responses. You could use OpenSearch for that as well. Okay. So the idea basically is that instead of caching the prompt itself, we're going to cache the meaning of the prompt using embedding vectors. And some tools for that could be ElastiCache or Memorydb or OpenSearch. The reference architecture here on the right kind of illustrates how AWS recommends doing this in more detail, but you can see at the heart of it there's elastic cache for the actual semantic cache on the right there, and it doesn't actually hit the LM unless there's a cache miss on that cache. And also we can see the embedding model being used by a lambda function. That kind of orchestrates the whole thing there. So you know we have API gateway receiving the prompt. Lambda goes off and creates an embedding for it checks the cache for it. If it doesn't exist, it's going to go and cash that if it does exist and it has a hit, then we can go ahead and use that cash response instead of actually hitting the underlying foundation model for the response. Now, you do have to make sure you're tuning your similarity threshold carefully so embeddings aren't perfect, right? So if somebody isn't really asking for the same thing and getting an irrelevant response, that's a bad user experience. So this can be a little bit dodgy if you're not getting it right. So you do need to make sure you're testing this thoroughly and tuning that similarity threshold where you consider two prompts to be asking for the same thing. Also, you need to make sure that the overhead of all this does not outweigh the benefits. So if you're not getting a lot of cache hits, why are you paying for all this extra infrastructure? So we've got all this extra stuff for, you know, actually paying for the cache itself. We have to pay for those embedding vectors. This can add up, and the cost of that very well may exceed the benefits that you're getting from actually not doing those foundation model hits every time. So you need to measure that and make sure that you're actually getting a benefit out of this complexity. Complexity is bad if you don't need it. However, if it does work out for you, this can dramatically improve the latency for some applications. So if you do have an application where people tend to be asking for the same thing over and over and over again, semantic caching can be a good way of improving latency by not actually hitting the foundation model every time for the response. Another form of caching is prompt caching, so sometimes people are actually asking for the same thing, using the same words. And well, the people aren't the ones doing the asking here. It's usually other stuff. Now this is built into bedrock for some supported models, so most of the new ones. The idea though is that you're caching a prompt prefix. So to make this make sense, a lot of times you're going to have like instructions that are baked into the prompt or a system prompt, or like few shot examples, things that you're actually appending to what the user typed in themselves. Right. So a lot of prompts have these elaborate instructions attached to them, or examples or maybe even documents are being attached to the prompt. In those cases, we can definitely cache that part of the prompt, right. So if we put that first, that becomes a prompt prefix and that prefix can be cached. The dynamic content stuff people are asking for would be at the end. And in between the two we have what's called a cache checkpoint. Okay, so with prompt caching, all those instructions that are static, all those documents that are static, those are cached, the dynamic stuff at the end is not so. Pretty simple really. So by caching that common prompt prefix, you don't need to tokenize it over and over again and that saves you money. You might also again cache uploaded documents that are queried repeatedly. So instead of embedding an entire PDF document or a huge spreadsheet or whatever, you can catch that bit, put it in the the prompt prefix. Now, the good thing is that if you're using cached content, that is going to be discounted per token. So it's not entirely free usually, but it's usually cheaper than non cached uh prompt prefixes. However writing them is going to be more expensive in a lot of cases. So there's again a trade off there if you're not actually getting enough benefit back from the cached prefixes, it might not actually work out for you. So again, it's something you want to measure. I've definitely seen systems where prompt caching costs more than it saves, because writes are more expensive, even though reads are less expensive. If you're not getting those hits often enough, it might not pay for itself. And you can monitor this, of course, in CloudWatch, which will record cache reads and writes. And that can be a useful tool for measuring whether or not you're getting a good bang for the buck there. Also, this is an option in Bedrock Prompt Management, a feature we looked at earlier. So you can enable prompt caching on your prompts that are stored in prompt management. Two another form of caching is edge caching. So we can actually use CloudFront on the edge. And if you're not familiar with CloudFront, usually that sits in front of S3 content or content for your website, right to accelerate the retrieval of that content all around the world. So they have these edge locations where they cache that content all over the world. So if you're in India, you can get your data from a server that's in India, instead of going all the way back to some other country to get it. You can use this for your generative AI applications as well, to reduce latency and to reduce the number of back end requests that filter through that cache. So if my edge cache can give me an answer right away, that's great. It's going to be super fast. It's not going to cost me a hit to my model on the back end. But again, we have the problem where a lot of the prompts that we're getting are dynamic, right? How do we cache this? Well, it's a similar thing to semantic caching. Like we need to somehow fingerprint these prompts and identify what they are so we can try to catch them up front. And if you do have a situation where some prompts are in fact identical, maybe that is just a hash code, right? Um, it could be that simple in this case. So maybe you have an application that has sort of a menu or a list of prompts that it chooses from, that it sends through to a back end system. In that case, you might have a hash or a fingerprint associated with each prompt. And if you do expect to get a similar response from that prompt every time, um, you can just cache that on the edge. So to make it more specific, the Get request that actually goes to your application could include that fingerprint of the request itself. And that way CloudFront could cache the actual result of that request on the edge. Now this gets a little bit dodgy if you have like personalized output or anything like that. Uh, so if that's the case this might not be a good fit. Also, if your data is changing a lot and your responses change a lot in response to that, you want to make sure you have an appropriate time to live on that edge cache as well, to make sure that changes are being picked up in a reasonable amount of time. You can also fingerprint the results too. So if you want to encode some information as to when it's appropriate for a result to be used for a given set of model configuration values, you could also embed that into the result fingerprint as well. And of course, there's more to an application than just the large language model piece. As with any web application or application in general, if there's images or static content that can be cached on the edge, you should do so.