Another topic might be how do I optimize my foundation model for specific use cases? How do I tailor my model's performance to what I'm trying to do? And different models will have different parameters that you might be able to tune for that purpose. Now, to measure the effect of those parameter changes, you can use a B testing of course, and you don't have to roll your own system. Bedrock evaluations has a B testing capabilities, as does CloudWatch. Evidently that's a feature in CloudWatch that lets you do that. SageMaker also has some features along those lines too. What are some examples of parameters you might want to tune? Well, you know, there's the usual stuff like max tokens and things like that where you can control the verbosity of the response for a given use case. Some other ones you might run into a lot and you know, these come up a lot are temperature. So temperature is basically how much randomness is in the response. So, you know, a value of zero would mean that I get a consistent response every time. Well, usually there are things that change in the model itself that might make that not true as well, whereas a value of one makes it more creative. So the higher the temperature, the more randomness there is in the response. And by randomness, I don't mean totally random and off the wall. You know, it's basically choosing between a list of candidate tokens or next words to put in their response. And those candidate tokens themselves have been vetted to be, you know, reasonable next choices. How do I control how reasonable those are? Well, that's where top comes in top. P is sometimes called nucleus sampling, and this is the probability threshold used for a token candidate to be generated in the first place. So how good does that token candidate. And again a token is more or less the next word that I'm predicting in this sentence. Um, how good is that prediction need to be before I'll consider it as a candidate for the next token? So top P would control how good those token candidates need to be. Temperature would control how much randomness do I have in choosing among those candidates. Now typically you will either specify temperature or top p. You don't usually specify those together. Top K is just how many of those candidates do I have? So how many token options do I have to sample from. So you can see that top p and top k can be a little bit mutually exclusive as well. Top K is saying I have this fixed number of candidates that I want where I just have the best results up top. Top P is saying I'm going to have this specific probability threshold before it becomes a candidate, and that might be limited by top k. Okay. So this all kind of works together. But that's what those common parameters mean. And this is the sort of thing that people like to quiz you on. So understand the result temperature, the amount of randomness in choosing the next token top p, the how good those tokens need to be before they become a candidate, and top K how many candidates do I choose from?