So there's a bunch of other stuff you can do to optimize your foundation model systems performance, and I'm just kind of collecting them all in this little lecture here. So they're not all entirely related, but just some quick hits here. So first of all, if you are trying to optimize your performance, you need to figure out what's working right. So we talked about the impact of caching and batching and improving your retrieval augmented generation. But before you know if that will actually help, you need to understand how your system is being called. So API call profiling is an important tool for identifying patterns in your requests and figuring out are people asking for the same thing over and over again? If so, caching might help. Um, are people asking for things that can be batched together? Are they asking for things in a way that matches up with the context that I'm trying to retrieve? You know, if if not, then maybe there's room for optimization there as well. All right. Also a tip is to use structured input and output whenever possible. This has come up a few times already in this course. But again if you can require JSON or XML templates or something on the input and or output side, that will improve both the efficiency and the accuracy that you're getting back from these models. Chain of thought instruction patterns. So if you are trying to do something more complicated, make sure you're using some sort of a reasoning framework to force the foundation model to process that complicated query in a step by step manner. Now, a lot of models just kind of do this themselves under the hood. So maybe this is more of a dynamic routing issue where you're making sure that if you do have complex reasoning tasks coming in, those are being routed to a model that supports chain of thought instruction patterns. And this comes up a lot too, for some reason. Feedback loops. AWS is really big on this, so you do want to have the ability to capture user feedback. Are they liking the results they're getting back from your system? If not, you got to go back and fix something. Or if something's working well, maybe you can use that feedback loop to identify prompts that work especially well with your system, and encourage the use of those prompts more often. Some SageMaker specific stuff for optimizing your systems. So one thing you need to keep in mind is that these models can get really big. So SageMaker AI can deploy a model up to 500GB in size. And as you might imagine, it takes a while to download that and spin it up and run a health check on it. So you can imagine a scenario where you're deploying this massive model to SageMaker AI and it never starts. Maybe that's all it is. You just need to adjust the timeout for allowing that to download and get the health check run. Also, if you're deploying your own models and you need to worry about model parallelization, which typically you wouldn't if you're just using bedrock or something. But third party parallelization frameworks are supported. Those include Triton, Faster Transformer and Deep Speed. So if you do need to split up a model across many GPUs, these are tools you can use to do so. And there is some specific instance type guidance that I ran across in the various documentation. So if you are deploying a large model to SageMaker AI from scratch, you might want to choose a very large GPU instance, obviously. So MLP, 4D 24 Xlarge is an example of such an instance type for really small models, though maybe you're just doing something simple like named entity recognition. In some cases, maybe you can get away with just a CPU instance. Maybe you don't need a GPU at all. Kind of hard for me to imagine, but the docs say for NER you could get away with an MLP. Five nine xlarge I mean, for any of these models, they're fundamentally deep learning models and they're going to benefit from a GPU. But if cost is a primary concern, there are some situations where maybe you can get away with a CPU instance. Also, at the lower level there's something called an ultra server. So if you do have a model that you're deploying yourself across your own EC2 instances and it's being distributed across those instances, the speed in which those instances can communicate with each other is very important. And that's where ultra servers come in. So a couple examples of ultra server instance types are TR2 that's trainium two or P60. GB 200 is another type. So what this offers the these ultra servers is really low latency and high bandwidth interconnects between those instance types. So that's important if you're going to be distributing a model across many, many EC2 instances. And one last bit of tidbit of information a Lambda endpoint lifecycle management is an important tool. So if you are going to be spinning up your own endpoints for your inference, you can actually use a lambda endpoint to actually manage the download of any model artifacts you might need from S3 or whatever. This all happens on demand when you're processing is triggered. So lambda endpoint lifecycle management can make sure that all this stuff that you need to run that model gets pulled in on demand.