As you go through the documentation for AWS gen AI capabilities and bedrock, you see bedrock Cross-region inference come up a lot. A lot of features require it, and a lot of them just recommend it really strongly. But it's a very important tool for maximizing the efficiency of your system. So we got to talk about it. What it does is it distributes your workloads across AWS regions. So if there's a service interruption in one region, it can automatically switch that inference to another region for you without you having to think about it. Also, if there is restrictions from quotas in a given region or peak usage in specific regions, it can automatically reroute your inference to a different region to keep that throughput going for you. So it just is a way to spread out that load across multiple regions if it needs to because of capacity concerns or because of some sort of a service interruption. So it's definitely a good thing to have to make sure your system keeps on running with bedrock. Now, there are things that can thwart your plans here. One of them is Amazon Organizations service Control policies, or SCPs for short. So if you have your SCP set up to block a region, then bedrock Cross-region inference can't work with it. And this is something you need to think about. Now. Normally when you're dealing with AWS, you're explicitly using a given region, right? Like you say, I'm in US East one. That's where all my stuff is. But with bedrock cross region inference, that's not necessarily the case. And if in Amazon organizations you've only allowed certain regions, that's going to be a problem. So this is something to worry about. So you need to make sure if you're using cross region inference that SCP is allowing all the regions that you might be enabling there, or just leave the region specified as unspecified. Sounds a little bit backwards, specified as unspecified, but that's actually what you do. You have to say unspecified in the actual specification. That's how that works. So just be aware of that potential conflict between SCP and cross region inference. There are a couple of different inference profiles you can choose from with cross region inference. You can choose to restrict it within a specific geography. So you could say, you know, I want to be in a region in India, but I don't really care which one, but it has to be within that specific geography. And we'll talk about why you might want to do that. Or you can select global and say, okay, send me wherever you need to go. You know, if I need to spread myself out halfway across the world to keep the system running, then that's what we're going to do. And that will just select the optimal commercial AWS region that's currently available. So it will be smart about it. You know, it's not going to send you to the other side of the planet if it doesn't have to. but it's nice to have that option just in case, right? Now, one thing to keep in mind is that Cross-region inference does not work with provisioned throughput, as you might imagine. So if you are provisioning explicit capacity in a given region, well, that's what you're stuck with. Okay, so those two things don't play nice with each other. So what are these different models. So like I said geographic cross-region inference will restrict you to a given geography. And this is useful if you have data residency requirements. So the only real reason you'd want to do this that I can think of would be if you're in the EU or something, and you are legally obligated to make sure that any data collected from EU citizens stays physically within the EU. So this makes sure that your data within that geography is not being sent outside of that geography for inference. So that would be geographic cross-region inference. Or you could have global cross-region inference, which lets you use the whole globe, the entire AWS world, and that will maximize your throughput. But and it also comes at a cost savings. So like not only is it better, it's also cheaper. So you actually get a 10% cost savings by enabling global cross-region inferences if you can. And you can see how that would benefit Amazon as to let them spread out the load a little bit more efficiently from bedrock inference, which can be expensive on their side. Pricing, however, is always going to be based on where you called it from. So even if under the hood, bedrock is going halfway across the world, I'm not going to be charged based on the rates for that region halfway across the world. I'm going to be billed based on the cost of where I call that from. Okay. So you don't have to worry about your prices ballooning as a result of this because you're going to some obscure region that's more expensive. That's not how it works. And also, you do not have to explicitly enable these regions in your account either. So even if it does send you halfway across the world, it doesn't matter if you've actually explicitly enabled that region at your account level. It does matter with SCP with Amazon organizations though. Okay. But beyond that, it's kind of magic. So generally speaking, you want it on, but you do want to think about any legal obligations you might have about geographic restrictions of where your data goes. And one more point. So your data, by the way, will be encrypted in transit, of course, as it's being sent around to different regions. And it will also be logged in CloudTrail. If you need to go back and figure out where it went after the fact. So that's bedrock Cross-region inference, very important tool for optimizing the efficiency and the throughput of your bedrock applications.