Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll walk you through how to create a free account on Azure. I'll also explain the free credits and the resources available to you within the free account, so you can start exploring it right away. If you already have an Azure account that you can use for this course, please feel free to skip this lesson. Otherwise, please follow along with me and I'll take you through the steps required to create the free account. Let's get started. The easiest way to get started is by searching online for Create free Azure account. You'll find a link that says Create your Azure Free account today. Click on the link and it will take you to the Azure Signup page. As you can see here on this page, we can click on the Try Azure for free button to create the free account. But before we proceed, let's take a look at what you get with this free account. As you can see here, the free account is only available for the new Azure customers. If you already have an Azure account, you won't be able to get another free account. Instead, you can create a pay as you go account with a free Azure account. You get 12 months of free access to more than 20 popular Azure services. You also get access to about 65 services that are always free, even after the first 12 months. You also get 200 USD of free credit. But please note that this credit is valid only for the first 30 days, and it expires after that period. You will need a credit card, but your card won't be charged until you manually upgrade to another type of subscription, such as a pay as you go subscription. Also, you can cancel the free subscription at any point in time. Please take a look here for the services that are available for free for the first 12 months, as well as the services which are always free. If you want to explore the full list, you can click on the link here at the bottom to see all the services which are available for free. Let's now scroll back and click on the sign up button to create the free Azure account. You will be prompted to sign in with a Microsoft account. If you don't have a Microsoft account, you can create a new one. Let's click on Create one to create a new Microsoft account. And if you don't have a email address, you can even create a new email address by clicking on the get a new email address. I have an email address, so I'm just going to use my email address and then create a new Microsoft account. And let's click next. And I'm going to choose the password for my Microsoft account. And I should have got a code that's been sent to my email. So I just have to get the code and enter that. Let me do that. Let me key in the code and click next. Now we need to complete the profile information. There are a couple of things which are important here. The first one is the phone number. We need to provide a valid phone number. And Microsoft will text us or call us to ensure that the phone number belongs to us. And we are the ones trying to sign up for the Azure Free account. And the other information is we need to provide a credit card information as well. I'm going to go offline, complete this information and then come back to the video. I've completed the profile information and my credit card information. Let's now click on next here. And let's click on the email to verify the identity. And again that sent us a code. So let me go and grab the code. And then I'll use that here. So let me put the code here and click verify. With that we've completed creating the Azure Free account. But before we finish, let me talk you through another type of free account which is only available for students. It's called a student free account. And in order to create a student free account again search for Create Azure Free account for students and click on the link here which says Azure for students. And that takes you to this page. From here, you can click on the Start Free button to create a student free account. In order to see whether you're eligible for a student free account, click on the link here. Learn about eligibility and go through that. If you are eligible, you can create a student free account. The student free account has slightly different terms to the standard free account. Unlike the standard free account, you get $100 rather than $200 of free credit. But at the same time, this $100 is valid for 12 months rather than just the 30 days, so it is more useful than the standard free account if you are able to get it. And also at the end of the 12 months, if you're still a student, you can reapply to extend your $100 credit for another year, and Microsoft will give you another $100 of free credit. So I would encourage you to avail this free account. If you are a student and you are eligible for this. Now that you know how to create your Azure Free account, please go ahead and set it up. Once you're done, join me in the next lesson where I'll show you how to login to Azure and give you an overview of the Azure portal, which is the main interface that you'll be using to interact with Azure. See you then.