So you need to know other things about Aurora. For example, there's a serverless option in which auto scaling is based on actual usage. So it's good when you have infrequent, intermittent or unpredictable workload. You don't need to do any kind of capacity planning. You're going to pay per second and you can be more cost effective. So you still have a shared storage volume, but now you have a proxy fleet of Amazon Aurora databases that's managed by Aurora. And so your client talks to them and based on your load, you will have more database instances of Aurora behind the scenes. But all of this is very transparent to you. The only thing that you know is that it's sorts serverless option and that this proxy fleet is managed directly by the Aurora Service. You also have the option to have a global database for Aurora. So that means you have one primary region for the read and the writes and up to 10 secondary read-only regions with the replication lag between the primary region to the secondary region being less than one second. You can also have up to 16 read replicas per secondary region. So it's really helpful for decreasing latency. And if you want to do disaster recovery and promote another region, you have a RTO recovery time objective of less than one minutes. The typical cross-region replication time is also less than one second, which is very, very helpful. So for example, in your primary region, you're gonna have your applications that do the reads and the writes. The replication will happen into a secondary region where applications can do read-only workloads there. If they wanted to write, they all need to write to the primary region of Aurora. Next we have the CloudWatch metrics for Aurora. So we have different ones that can be helpful. For example, the Aurora replica lag to know how far another instance is in terms of lag. You have also the Aurora replica lag maximum, which is the maximum/minimum amount of lag across all database instances in the cluster. The replica lag minimum, which is the minimum of that metric. So if your replica lag is high, that means that the users will have a different experience based on which replica they get data from, which gives you an eventual consistency problem. Other things you can look at is database connections, which gives you the current number of connections to database instance as well as insert latency, which is how long it takes, on average, to perform an insert operation. Alright, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.