So let's take some time to understand how caching works in CloudFront. So the cache lives at each CloudFront edge location. So you'll have as many caches as edge locations. And each object in the cache is going to be identified by a Cache Key. We'll see what the Cache Key is in the next slide. But the idea is that a request made through CloudFront edge location. The edge location is first going to check whether or not the object has been cached. And if it's in the cache, has it expired or not based on the time to live. And then if not, if it's not in the cache, then the request is forwarded and we'll see how it's forwarded to your origin. And then the response from the origin is cached into your edge location. So that future request return a cache result. So you want to maximize the Cache Hit ratio by minimizing request to the origin. That means that you want to cache as much stuff as possible in your edge locations. We'll see as well that it's possible for you to not wait until the item expires based on a TTL. If you wanna remove it from the cache, you can create an invalidation. So what is a CloudFront Cache Key and what do we cache on? Well, a Cache Key is a unique identifier for each object in the cache. And by default, if you don't do anything, it's made up of the host name and the resource portion of URL. So in this example, there is mywebsite.com. So that's the host name. And then there is the GET/content/stories/example-story.html. That is the resource portion of the URL. That means that anyone that makes a similar request in case there is a cache miss, well, first, we're going to get the object from the origin but then the object is going to be cached based on these two keys right here, the host name and the resource portion of the URL. And then a request that looks similar with the same host name and the same resource portion will hit the cache and will get a cache hit. But sometimes you want your Cache Key to be a bit more complicated because sometimes, well, you have content that will vary based on the user or the device or the language or the location the user is from and so on. And so we want to do is to enhance the Cache Key and add more information. So we wanna add maybe HTTP headers or cookies or query strings in it. And to define how to create that Cache Key, we have to define what's called a CloudFront cache policy. So this cache policy can be caching based on the HTTP headers. So you can select none of them or a whitelist to say which one you want to include. You have the cookies. So you can select none of them, a whitelist or list you wanna include or all or all accept. And we have the query strings. Again, similarly, do you want to include none of them, a whitelist, all except, or all? And this is basically going to configure how your Cache Key is going to be created. In the cache policy, you can also control the TTL. So from zero seconds up to one year in the cache. And then you can also control that setting using specific headers called the cache control header or the expires header. So you can create your own cache policies or you can use predefined managed policies by AWS. And the very important thing I want you to remember is that all the HTTP headers, cookies and query strings that you include in the Cache Key will be automatically included and forwarded to your origin request. So in the case of HTTP header to give you an example, let's say we have this request and we have a language fr-fr, meaning that we request the blog in the French language. How does that work? Well, if we define a none HTTP header cache policy, then none of the headers are going to be cached and the headers will not be forwarded unless and I will show you what happens in the rest of this lecture. So by default, headers will not be forwarded. But this gives you the best caching performance because you don't have any headers in it. If you want to whitelist specific headers and that may mean necessary because while you want to have the language as a Cache Key, then you specify which headers you want to include in the Cache Key, for example, the language header. And then this header, the language will also be forwarded to your origin so that the origin can actually respond to the request and give you the blog in the correct language. So this is a very similar mechanism for query strings. So query strings are what happens in the URL after a question mark. So for example, border equals red and size equals large. So here, we want a cat image. But apparently, it's going to be customized a little bit by the origin. So again, if you have none, then none of the query strings are going to be used for the Cache Key and they're not going to be forwarded to your origin. Whitelist, you specify which query strings you want included. Include all-except, you specify which ones you don't want but the rest passes and all is including all the query strings in the Cache Keys and all the query strings are going to be forwarded. But of course, if you have many, this gives you the worst caching performance. So we've seen that when we define a cache policy, we can have query strings, cookies and headers as whitelist. For example, to choose (indistinct) want and they will be forwarded to the origin. But what if you want to include some stuff in the origin request, okay? But you don't want to include them in the Cache Key. In that case, you can define what's called an origin request policy. So the idea is that you can include extra HTTP headers or cookies or query strings but they will be forwarded to the origin but they're not going to be used in the Cache Key. So you can also, as part of the origin request policy, add custom HTTP headers or CloudFront HTTP headers to the origin even though they were not present in the viewer request. For example, if you wanted to pass an API key or a secret header. So you can create your own policy or you can use predefined managed policies. And so at this point, you may be confused like, what is really the difference between Cache Keys and origin request policy? Well, let me try to summarize as best as I can. So the request will come with some query strings, some cookies, some headers, and then we will cache based on the cache policy. For example, we want to cache here on the host name, the resource, and a header called authorization. But then, your origin may need more than these three things to actually work and to actually serve properly the request. So you may want to add the user agents, the session ID and the ref query string as part of your request to the origin. So in this case, the request to the origin is going to be enhanced but then the caching will not happen based on what we forwarded to the origin request policy. It's only going to be based on the cache policy. So I hope you see the synergy between these two and that should be enough to answer questions at the exam. All right, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.