In this lesson, we are going to talk about Databricks File System or otherwise referred to as DBFS. Let's cast our mind back at the Databricks Architecture that we talked through in the previous lesson. Here is the Architecture and that has all the resources, those were created when we provisioned the Databricks workspace. The deployment created a default Azure Blob Storage and mounted that to DBFS. So we could run DBFS or Databricks File System utilities to interact with the Azure Blob Storage from the Databricks workspace. DBFS or Databricks File System here, is a distributed file system mounted on the Databricks workspace. This can be accessed from any of the Databricks Clusters created in this workspace. It's just an abstraction layer on top of the Azure Object Storage. The key takeaway here is that, DBFS is simply a file system that provides distributed access to the data stored in Azure storage. It's not a storage solution in itself. The storage here is the Azure Blob Storage, and this is the default storage that's created when the Databricks workspace was deployed. This DBFS mount on the default Azure Blob Storage is called DBFS Root. As we said, DBFS Root is backed by Azure Blob Storage in the databricks created Resource Group. You can access one of the special folders within DBFS Root called File Store via the Web User Interface. You can use this as a temporary storage, for example, to store any images to be used in notebooks or some data to play with quickly. Databricks also stores query results from commands such as display in DBFS Root. Similar to Hive, Databricks also allows us to create both managed and external tables. If you create a managed table without specifying the location for the database, that data will also be stored in DBFS Root, i.e. the default location for managed tables is DBFS Root. But you can change that during the database creation. Even though DBFS Root is the default storage for Databricks, it's not the recommended location to store customer data. When you drop the Databricks workspace, this storage also gets dropped, which is not what you would want for the customer data. Instead, we can use an external Data Lake, fully controlled by the customer and we can mount that to the workspace. We'll look at that in a later lesson. But let me now give you a quick demo of DBFS Root, its contents and how to access them. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's create a new notebook for this lesson, and I'm going to create this notebook in the setup folder as well. And I'm going to call this notebook as 6.explore dbfs root. And let's leave the default language as Python and also let's attach to the cluster we've already created. If your cluster is not already running, please make sure you start the cluster. I've already started my cluster, so it's being started. So let me work on the notebook while that's being started. And let's first look at the directories created by default in DBFS root. As we know, we can use the file system utility for that. So let's run the dbutils.fs.ls command to get the directories from DBFS root. As you can see, there are two directories within the DBFS root, but I'm going to wrap it in a display command to make the output look a bit more prettier. So we got these two directories within DBFS root. As we already saw, Databricks datasets contain some sample datasets for us to explore. Feel free to look at the files inside that and Databricks results is where Databricks keeps any temporary outputs during execution. For example, even the output from this display command is kept within the databricks-results folder. There is also another special folder called FileStore to which we can upload files using the Databricks UI. Let me show you how to upload files to that folder. If you've recently created the workspace, the DBFS file browser UI which you can use to upload files to file store is not enabled by default. So let's enable that first. In order to enable that, you will have to go to admin console. So go over to the top right and select Admin Console from dropdown and then go to the Workspace settings and search for DBFS. And as you can see at the moment, the DBFS File Browser is disabled. So in your workspace, if that is disabled, please click on that button here to enable the DBFS File Browser. And once you've done that, refresh the browser to ensure that the settings change that we applied takes effect. So now click on the Data menu from the sidebar. And as you can see, we've got a new button here called Browse DBFS and click on that. And that brings up this menu here. So this is the FileStore folder we were talking about, and this is the only folder within DBFS root, we will be able to directly upload files into. Let's click Upload to upload a file. And at the moment, the file is going to be uploaded into the FileStore folder, but if you have subfolders you can select them from here. And you can click here in this space to browse to the file, or you can even drag and drop a file into here. So let me click browse here and I've got a file here called circuits.csv, which I'm going to upload and I'll make sure that this file is available for you in the resources section of this lesson. And let me click Open and let me click Done. So now we've got the file uploaded into the FileStore folder directly. So now let's go back to our notebook and interact with that file. So I'm going to go back to my notebook now. And let's run the ls command again, and it should list the new FileStore folder as well. And let's look at the data within the FileStore folder. So I'm going to simply say /FileStore, and that should list the files and folders within the FileStore folder. Okay. It says it doesn't exist because I've got the casing wrong. So the S here is uppercase for the FileStore. And now it lists the file here, circuits.csv and a folder called tables, which is automatically created for you. At the moment we don't have any tables, so there is nothing inside that. And in order to see the contents of this file, you can again use the Data Frame Reader API to read the data. So let's do that as well. And let me execute that. And that should bring back the data. And as you can see, it's listed all the data from the file. And also you can remove the dbfs from here, because the file is already mounted to dbfs and you can just use the normal file system semantics here. So let me execute that and that should run okay as well. So we have successfully uploaded a file into our FileStore folder. And also as you can see, we managed to read the file without providing any access keys or SAS tokens or anything like that. So that's the benefit you get from having a Mount. So if you have an object store which is mounted to the Databricks workspace, you can read the data using the file system semantics like this. And also you don't have to provide any authentication details. Having said that, there is a word of caution here. The FileStore folder here is available for everyone who has access to this workspace. You can't restrict access to only specific users, so make sure that the files you're putting into File Store is allowed to be used by the rest of the team who've got access to this workspace, and also this folder and the storage will be dropped when you delete the workspace. So please don't keep any customer data here. I generally tend to use the FileStore folder in two scenarios. One is when I want to do some quick analysis on a set of data, which is very small volume and I don't want to worry about authentication. And also I keep files in this folder that I'm using in the notebooks as part of markdown language. This could be things like images, charts, etc. So I hope you've got a good understanding about when to use dbfs root and what it is and how to access data from dbfs root. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.