Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to mount our Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 account to the Databricks workspace, so that we can access the storage without any credentials, and also we can use the file system semantics instead of the long URLs. Let's switch over to the Azure Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. We need a new notebook for this lesson, but instead of creating a new one, let's clone the third notebook here, because that's got most of the information that we need for this lesson. So I'm simply going to clone the third notebook here, and I'm going to call this one as 7.mount adls using service principal. So let me open the notebook and let's attach to the cluster. And I'm going to attach the same cluster that we've been using so far, and my cluster is currently starting. Make sure that if your cluster is not already up and running, go here and start the cluster. Let's quickly update the documentation here. So these are the four things we're going to do. We're going to get the client id, tenant id and the client secret from Key Vault, which we already have here. So we can leave that as it is and we can use that information in the Spark configuration. As you can see, we've already set the Spark configuration here, but we will be doing it slightly differently in a dictionary in order to call the Mount method. And that's what we'll be doing on the third step, which is to call the File System Utility Mount to mount the storage to the Databricks workspace. And we'll also explore other file system utilities in this lesson which are related to mounts. So those are the four things we are going to go through here. As you can see, we already have the client id, tenant id and the client secret being set using the values that we got from Key Vault, so we can leave that cell as it is. So we need to do step two here, which is to set the Spark configuration. Again, you could say we've already set the Spark configurations here. But in order to mount the storage, we will call a method called Mount in our file system utility, which expects the Spark configuration in a dictionary rather than being set like this. So we're going to replace this with the dictionary here. But let me talk you through the documentation so that it will be easier for you to copy and paste. I'll also leave the notebook for you so you can copy from my notebook. So here is the documentation which takes you through how to mount ADLS Gen2 to Azure Databricks workspace. Let's go over to the code snippet here, which gives you the code that you need to write in Python. As I said here, the configs are set to a Python dictionary and then that dictionary variable is being passed into the Mount method of the file system utility here. So let's copy just the configs first and then we'll come and work on the mount later. So let me copy that and go over to my notebook. We're going to replace this cell, but I'll leave that for now and let's paste it here. So this dictionary takes in the five configurations here and each one's got the value assigned as well on this side. Let's replace what we need to replace, which is application id. In our case is the client id, because we've set the client id variable here. Let me copy that and paste it there. And the client secret, again we've got that from Key Vault, so we can use that variable instead of this call here. And the last thing we want to do is to replace the directory id here, which is our tenant id. I'm going to simply copy that and put that here. But this time, as you know, we are going to use f_string because it's in the middle of a string, so I'm using the curly braces and also I'm going to put f at the beginning of the string. So that's everything we need to do. As you can see, it's exactly the same five Spark configurations we've set here. So I'm going to delete this cell, because we don't need that anymore. We now need to use the Databricks File System Utility called Mount to mount the storage. Let's copy that code snippet from the documentation here. And I'm going to add a new cell and paste that information here. Let me walk you through the parameters here. The first parameter is the source. That's basically the URL to the container using the ABFS protocol. You must be familiar with the ABFS protocol now, so let's just replace the values here, we're going to mount our demo container. So I'm going to replace the container name with demo and the storage account name with my storage account, which is formula1dl. The second parameter here is the Mount Point. For a mount point, you will have to start the value with /mnt, but you can specify any directory structure you want to specify here. I would suggest you follow some naming standards here. The naming standard I follow is generally the storage account name, followed by the container name. So that whenever I look at a Mount, I know which storage account and the container it's pointing to, without listing all the Mounts to see the details. So I'm going to do exactly the same. So in my case, the Mount will be /mnt/formula1dl/demo. And the next parameter is extra configs. That's where we send the Spark configurations. So we've just set that to the Python dictionary that we've assigned here. So that will contain all the Spark configurations that we need. So if we execute these three statements here now, it will mount our storage account container to the Databricks workspace and we will be able to use this file system semantics rather than the ABFS protocol here to access our data. So let's do that. I'm going to execute these three statements here. So the command successfully executed, as we can see on this command 4, we've got the output as true, that indicates that the file system has been mounted now. So let's use the file system semantics here in our list method to list the files within the container demo. So I'm going to simply do that. As you can see, it's listed the files from the container here, which is the circuits.csv file. Similarly, you can do the same on our Data Frame reader API to read the file. So again, I'm going to replace the ABFS protocol URL here and leave the circuits.csv file here, so that we can read that file. And as you can see, we've successfully read the file here, so that makes it a lot easier. So from now onwards, you can use this Mount Point to access data from the storage. And wherever you're using this mount point to access the data in any of your notebooks, you don't have to specify the credentials, you don't have to specify any Spark configurations, you can simply access the data from the Mount using the file system semantics as shown here. Before we finish this lesson, I want to take you through a couple of other commands which you may find useful. Firstly, from time to time you may want to see all the mounts in a workspace and also the underlying storage location of the mount. Because not everyone follows naming standards, so it might not be obvious for you to look at a Mount Point and see where it's pointing to. So in order to get that information, you can run the method Mounts from the Databricks File System Utility. Let's do that here. So that's listed all the Mounts. Let's wrap it in a display command to make it a little more easier to read. And as you can see, we've got these mounts here. The four mounts here, the first two and the bottom two are created by default in every workspace. And the third one here is the one we just created, which is the /mnt/formula1dl/demo. And as you can see, that's pointing at the storage account formula1dl and the container demo. So if you ever have a problem where you're writing to the mount and the data is not visible for you, that means you mounted to a different storage. You can run this command and see where that is actually pointing at and then you will be able to see the data there. The second method, I want to take you through is Unmount. From time to time you may want to remove your mounts, because they're no longer needed or you created them accidentally or incorrectly. So the Unmount method gives you the ability to remove a Mount. So let's unmount the mount we just created. So in order to do that you run the command dbutils.fs.unmount. And you need to pass in the name of the mount. In my case, it is /mnt/formula1dl/demo. And let's execute that. So it's now been Unmounted, as you can see here. So when you run the display command to list all the mounts, you won't see that mount anymore. I'm going to simply Mount that back again, because I will need it later on in my lesson. So I'm going to simply run the Mount method here. And just to summarize, in this lesson we've successfully mounted the storage container. Also, we learned how to Unmount a Mount Point and also how to list all the mounts with the details. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.