In this video, we'll begin to explore some basic database concepts. And the first concept that we're going to begin with is the concept of structured data. Now structured data is data that is stored in an orderly manner. This is data that is highly organized and follows a specific format. That format that it follows is called a schema. So in this case we see a database that looks like a table. The data within this table, like for example, in this case it's books, but it could be customer names and addresses and phone numbers and purchase dates and things like that. But in our little example here, we're using books. So every book has a title, every book has an author. Every book is in a specific language and it was published in a specific year. This is a good example of what we would see in a relational database. All of the objects within this database have to fit neatly within this schema. And that's one of the hallmark characteristics of what we call a relational database. And there's a bunch of different relational database options. Microsoft SQL, Oracle, MySQL, Postgres, Aurora and MariaDB are all examples of relational database engines. And the database kind of looks like what we saw on the previous slide. It's similar to a table and it combines attributes of information. So if we think back to that little table. Each row is an entity. So for example, each one of those books had their own row. So let's focus on the first book shown here, The Hobbit. Now this book has a row dedicated to it. So we have this entity. This is the book that we're storing information about. And every book within this table has the same attributes. So for example, every book is going to have an author. Every book is going to be in a certain language. Every book is going to be published in a certain year. These are all attributes that are associated with The Hobbit. And so the attributes are essentially details about that entity. And each one of those columns contains a specific attribute, like the number of pages like the year the book was released, or the name of the author. So we are setting up a table with multiple attributes that are related to each entity. All right. So just a little bit of terminology before we move forward here. When we talk about relational databases oftentimes SQL is the example that comes to mind. Microsoft SQL specifically. But SQL isn't just a Microsoft thing. SQL stands for Structured Query Language. Basically, it allows us to pull information out of a relational database, and relational databases can have multiple tables that are associated with each other. These tables can have relationships with each other and therefore it's a relational database. And relational databases support complex queries that allow us to get data from multiple tables using something called a join a SQL join. So let's take a look at an example here. Let's say that we have two tables. The first table is a table of employees, and each employee has a certain department that they belong to, a certain cost center and an employee ID. And then down below you can see departments. We have Department one and Department two. And there are attributes related to each of those departments. Now these tables are interconnected through certain relationships. For example, we have the department ID from the employees table linked with the other table that we see here. So the department table in the employees table is a foreign key which points to the primary key. And this gives you a basic idea of how database tables are interconnected and linked to one another. And relational databases also use indexes, so the columns shown here are referred to as the primary indexes. Indexes are used to improve query performance and you can add secondary indexes as well. So those are some of the basic concepts and terminology of a relational database. And I just want to take a moment to differentiate between a relational and a non relational database. Now when we're talking about RDDs or we're talking about AWS Aurora we're talking about relational databases. When we talk about things like DynamoDB we're talking about a non relational database. And these are referred to as NoSQL databases. NoSQL stands for not only SQL. Non-relational databases are ideal for semi-structured data and unstructured data. Data that isn't so neatly organized like the data in our relational databases. There is no need for multiple related tables when it comes to a non relational database. You can have one big table and that table actually may contain duplicated data. So semi-structured data is data that is organized but it doesn't fit neatly into a schema. You can have different records with different attributes. So if we think back to that table that we looked at earlier that contained all of these books, well, this has a very specific schema. Every object in this database, every entity is going to have these specific attributes. That's not the case when we're talking about semi-structured data. Different records can have different types of attributes. And this is when we would use a document oriented database like DynamoDB. DynamoDB is ideal for big data applications requiring high performance and low latency. So let's take a look at an example semi-structured data. Well, we've already kind of gone through this example of books, and we've talked about the fact that books are going to have certain attributes every book has certain attributes that make sense. Every book has an author. Every book has a page count. Well, what if I want to store details about a shoe, or details about a hammer, or details about some other product? And just think about Amazon, how Amazon got their start as an online bookseller. They had a database that contained a bunch of books. Well, what happened when they started selling other things like electronics and clothing and all of the things that Amazon now sells? Well, a relational database doesn't really work in that situation because we don't have a page count attribute that we associate with shoes. We don't have a hardcover or soft cover when we're talking about a hammer. So the relational database doesn't really work so well with semi structured data. Semi structured data looks more like this. Let's say that we are selling multiple different types of products. Well, the first product shown here has a product ID of P 101. It's a laptop. It's in a certain category. It has a certain price, but it also has attributes like the operating system that things like a book will not have. And the book has attributes like an author that the laptop will not have. So although the data is organized, it does not fit neatly within a schema. And that's what we consider semi-structured data. Data that's organized but not fitting neatly within a schema. And then finally we have unorganized data. Unstructured data. Think about file systems. Right. So on your computer you have a bunch of folders and everything isn't perfectly neatly organized. Or if I have an S3 bucket, I may put all sorts of objects within that S3 bucket. But just because they're in the S3 bucket together doesn't mean that they're necessarily in there in an organized fashion. So here's an image of a room with a bunch of stuff in it, right? A messy room, maybe. This is the room where we just throw all of our stuff. Well, it's kind of hard to find things in a room like this because it's unstructured. Because as unorganized. And so if I were to start to put everything in its place, and I had a very strict organizational system where everything belonged. That would be more like structured or semi structured data.