-: In this video, I'm gonna walk you through these solutions for the Lightning Lab 1. The first question, it's asking us to create a PersistentVolume called log-volume. And it's saying that this should make use of a StorageClass name manual, it should use RWX as the access mode and have a size of 1 Gi, and the volume should use the host path /opt/volume/nginx. So let's get started with the first task. And so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna just create a new file and we'll just call this log-volume.yaml. And if you want, at this point, you can pull up the Kubernetes documentation to get a baseline template of how to configure a PersistentVolume. So if you go to the PersistentVolume section, I'm just gonna copy this right here, and then we can paste that right in. So first thing, we're gonna change the name, this is gonna be log-volume. StorageClass name, this is gonna be set to manual. Let's add the capacity. So this is gonna be 1 Gi. And let's set the access mode. And this is gonna be ReadWriteMany, that's what that RWX is. And finally, let's set the host path, so that be /opt/volume/nginx. And that's all we need to do for the PersistentVolume. We can now apply this configuration. I'll do a kubectl apply. And now, if I do a kubectl get pv, we should see it. Now the next step, we have to create a PersistentVolumeClaim called log claim with the following specs, so let's go ahead and create a new file vi, and I'll call this a log-claim.yaml. And once again, we can go back to the documentation and find an example of a PersistentVolumeClaim, so we don't have to hand write everything out. And so here's one, and I'm just gonna grab everything from here up. And so let's change the name. The access mode, this is once again gonna be ReadWriteMany. I'm gonna delete the volume mode section. Then, for storage, it's saying that this should request a minimum of 200. And StorageClass name should be manual as well. And that's going to wrap up the configuration for the PVC. So now, we can do kubectl apply again on this guy. And if I do a kubectl get PVC, you see that we've got one PVC. And the final task for the first question is that we have to mount this in a Pod called logger at the location /var/www/nginx. And the Pod should be running an NGINX Alpine image. So I'm gonna do a kubectl run, and this is gonna be called logger. And we'll set the image to be NGINX Alpine, and then we'll do a dry run. And then I'm gonna pipe this to a file. We'll call this logger.yaml. And so to mount this, I'm gonna create a volume section, and we've got one volume, I'm just gonna call this log. And then here, we'll provide the PersistentVolume claim. Claim name is gonna be log-claim. And then under the container, I'll do volume mounts. And the mount path, this is going to be this path right here. And then we can do a kubectl apply -f. And it looks like I made a typo, and that's right here. So this needs an S, so persistent, and we'll try that again, and it looks like it was successfully created. So let's go onto the next question. But the next question, a new Pod called secure pod and a service called secure service has been deployed. And it looks like incoming and outgoing connections to this Pod is currently not working, so we have to troubleshoot why this is happening. And after we make the necessary changes, we have to make sure that incoming connections from the Pod webapp-color are successful. So traffic from webapp-color to the secure pod using the secure service should be successful. So let's do a kubectl get pods. Now we've got the web app color and the secure pod. And if I do a kubectl get service, we should see the secure service that the secure Pod is using. So let's first confirm the issue. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go into the webapp-color pods. So I'm gonna do a kubectl exec-it, webapp-color--sh. And so now we're in this Pod right now, and what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna just test the connection, so this service is gonna be using port 80. So let's test that, see if we can reach port 80. So I'll do a nc-v-z-w, time out of two seconds, and then we're gonna try to reach the secure-service, and it's gonna be on port 80. So let's see what happens. And it looks like operation timed up. So this does confirm, in fact, there is some sort of connection issue, so we are unable to reach that specific pod using the service. So let me exit outta here. And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna check the network policy. So I'll do a kubectl get netpol. So we've got one policy here, and I'm gonna do a kubectl describe, and let's take a look. And so it looks like, for this default deny policy for allowing ingress traffic, you can see that it's set to none, so no traffic is allowed in. So this is most likely the issue. So let's create a new network policy that's going to allow this traffic. So first thing first, I'm gonna do a kubectl get pod--show labels 'cause we are going to have to reference these pods using their labels. So if we wanna reference the secure pod, we can pass the label run =secure pod. And if we wanna reference the webapp-color pod, we can reference this label here. And so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna do a kubectl get netpol, and then I'm gonna do a kubectl get netpol default-deny. And I'm gonna pipe this to a YAML config, so we can just modify this one so we have a baseline starting config. Let's move into here. And so I'm gonna change a couple things. First of all, we're gonna change the name. And the instructions don't give a name, So we can just call this whatever you want, I'm just gonna call this network-policy. Then under spec, we have to select a pod, so what rule should this apply to, and this is going to be for the secure pod. And so I'm gonna delete this, and then we're gonna go under here, and we gotta say, "matchLabels," and then we have to provide the label to match the secure Pod, 'cause we want this policy for the secure pod. So I'm gonna exit outta here. And then if we just take a look to access the secure pod we can use run=secure pod. So I'm just gonna copy this and we can just paste that in here. Under policy types, we just want an ingress policy, and then we can define the ingress policy below. So traffic from where, so I'll say, "-from." And then here, we're gonna do a Pod selector. And once again, this is gonna be matchLabels, so we have to provide the label to match the web app-color pod. And so the label for that is going to be name webapp-color. So this policy, what it's saying is traffic coming from this Pod or any Pod with this specific label should be allowed to go to the Pod with the this specific label. So traffic coming from webapp-color should be able to reach the secure pod. But we wanna be a little bit more specific. We wanna also specify what specific ports it can use. So I'll say, "Ports," and we'll do a protocol. So this is gonna be TCP and we want port 80, 'cause that's what the port that the secure service uses, and you can get that information by doing a kubectl get service. Okay, and so now we can do a kubectl apply -f netpol.yaml, and looks like there's a typo. So we'll go up to here and then just change this. And it's the label that I used right here, so I'm gonna just change this. It's gonna be run secure pod, not run =secure pod. Let's apply that. All right, so it looks like it's successful. And so what we can do is we can go back into that container again using that exec command and I can try running that nc command, so nc-v-z-w. And this should work this time, and we can see that the connection's open now. Perfect. In the next question, we have to create a Pod called time-check in the following namespace. And this Pod should run a container called time-check that uses the BusyBox image. We also have to create a config map called time-config with the following key value pair, and the container itself should run the following command. And notice how this is going to make use of an environment variable that's going to reference the config map we created in the previous step and we have to write the result out to the following location here, and the path/opt/time on the Pod should mount a volume that lasts the lifetime of this Pod. So to get started, first of all, let's take a look and see if that namespace exists, and we can see it doesn't, So I'll do a kubectl create namespace and then we'll just copy that name. The next thing that we need to do is let's go ahead and create the config map while we're at it, so I'll do a kubectl create cm, and that's going to be time-config. The namespace is going to be the same namespace, and it's gonna be --from-literal which =time_freak=10. And then if we do a kubectl get config map, we can see our config map there. And so the next thing that we have to do is create our Pod spec, so I'm gonna do a kubectl run and our Pod should be called time-check, and it should use an image that is a BusyBox image. And then I'm gonna do dry-run=client. And let's open that config, and let's take a look at what other changes we have to make. So first of all, let's define our environment variable because, as I mentioned, the command here is going to make use of an environment variable. I'll say, "env," and the name of this has to be time_freak, and this is going to be a value from... ConfigMapKeyRef. And the key is going to be time_break. Now let's specify the command that the container's gonna use. So I'll say, "Command." And so this is gonna be /bin/sh, it's gonna be -C. And then the final command is going to be... We're just gonna copy this and paste that in there. Okay, so now let's mount the volumes. So I'm gonna define the volumes first, so we'll do volumes. Name is gonna be called log-volume, and then we'll do emptydir. And this will be volume mount. The name of this is gonna be log-volume, and the mount path should be /opt/time. And I forgot one last thing, we actually have to modify the command. So remember, we want to write the result to the location that's provided here. So I'll just redirect this output to that specific location. And that's not what I wanted. I want just the path that it's gonna be /opt/time/time-check.log. And then we'll do a kubectl apply -f time-check and we'll do a kubectl get pod -n. And I realized we made one issue, so I'm gonna go back in to that file and we forgot to change the namespace, so we wanna make sure it runs in that new namespace. So let me delete the old pod. And then now we can do a kubectl apply -f, and we can see that it's in a running state now. So let's move on to the next question. The next question we have to create a new deployment called nginx-deploy which is going to deploy one single container called NGINX using the following image, and it should have full replicas. And the deployment should use a rolling update strategy with the maxSurge of one and a maxUnavailable of two. And before we move on to the other test, this actually gets started in creating that deployment. So I'm going to do a kubectl create deploy, and this is gonna be called nginx-deploy. The image should be set to nginx 1.16 and the replicas should be set to four. And I'll just do a --dry run. And in here, if we take a look at what we need to change, we have to add in the rolling update. So under strategy, do rolling update, maxSurge is one, and the maxUnavailable is gonna be set to two. All right, and then we'll save the config I'll do a kubectl apply -f, nginx deploy, that's going to get created. And if we do a kubectl get deploy, let's wait 'til we have all four available. Okay, so now we have four available. Now, the next step is that we have to upgrade the deployment to a version of 1.17, So we could do a kubectl set image deployment, nginx-deploy, and we'll say nginx = nginx 1.17, So this should change the image to be a 1.17, it should be updated. And then if I do a kubectl get pod, you can see it's terminating the old containers or the old pods, and it's creating new pods with the new images. Let's do kubectl get deploy. So we can see that we have four available now. Perfect. And then finally, once all pods are updated, undo the update and go back to the previous version. And so to do that we do a kubectl rollout, undo deployment, nginx-deploy. And that's all we need to do for this question, so we'll go to the next question. For the last question, we have to create a Redis deployment with the following parameters. And so the deployment name should be Redis, using this following image, and it should have one replica. And the container should use a .2 CPU. It should use a label of app=redis, and then we should also mount these two volumes. So I'm gonna do a kubectl create deployment, and the name of the deployment's gonna be Redis with an image, which is gonna be Redis Alpine, and then the replicas is going to be set to one. All right, and couple of things now. So first of all, we already got the replica set, we've already got the name set, and we've already got the image set. So let's change the CPU resources. So under the container, we'll go under resources and I'll say, "Requests," and the CPU is gonna be 0.2. Now the next thing that we have to do is we have to specify the volumes. So we're gonna have two volumes. The first one is going to be called data and the second one is gonna be called redis-config. And this is going to use a config map. And the name of the config map is going to be redis-config. And then after we define those, we can then add it to the container. So we'll do volume mount. The first one is gonna be the data, and the volume mount... Sorry, not the volume mount, the mount path. This is going to be /redis master data. And the other one is going to be redis-config. And this is gonna be in /redis-master. And for the last requirement, the container should expose port 6379, and it's just letting us know also that the config map that we're referencing here has already been created, so we don't have to create that ourselves. So for ports, we'll do container port and the port is 6379, 6379. I think that matches all of the requirements. So now we can just do a kubectl apply -f redis.yaml and it was successfully created. So that's gonna be the last question. And so now we can then go ahead and end the exam, and run the validation. And so that's going to wrap up the solutions for the Lightning Lab 1.