-: In this video, I'm gonna walk you through the solutions for Lightning Lab 2. So for the first question, a couple of pods have been deployed in the cluster across several different namespaces. We have to inspect them and identify which pod is not in a ready state and then troubleshoot and fix that issue for the first part of the question. And then for the second part, for that same pod that has this issue, we want to add a check to restart the container on the same pod if the command LS slash var slash WWW slash HTML slash file underscore check fails. So first of all, let's figure out which pod is impacted at the moment. So I'm gonna do a kubectl get pods. And remember we wanna check all namespaces so we can do a dash dash all dash namespaces. And so if we take a look, there's one pod that's not in a running state or ready state and that's gonna be this engine X-1-4-0-1. And that's in this specific namespace. To troubleshoot this, I'm gonna start off by doing kubectl describe pod. And if we take a look at the events, it's already giving us some useful information. It says the readiness probe failed. So there's some sort of issue surrounding that, whether it's a misconfiguration on the probe itself or something else that's to be determined. So what we're gonna do is, I'm gonna clear this and I'm actually going to do a get pod now and I'm gonna pipe this out to a YAML config file so I can take a look at the configs and see if I can spot something off. So I'll say dash O yaml. And then if I take a look at the YAML configuration. And let's take a look at the readiness probe. So it looks like it's sending a request to the root URL on port 8080. And right there I already notice something a little unusual because in the config above, it's saying the container port is on 9-0-8-0. So I suspect that this is actually a typo and this should be 9-0-8-0. So let's actually try changing that and see if that fixes the issue. Okay, so we changed the port, and while we're at it, let's go ahead and knock out this second task, which is, we want to add a check to restart the container on the same pod if this specific command fails. So for this, we actually need a liveness probe. So we already have a readiness probe. Let's add a liveness probe. So I'm gonna go and add this here. So we'll do liveness and this is gonna be an HTTP, or actually, sorry not, this is gonna be an exec if we wanna run a command. And the command is going to be dash LS and then slash var slash www HTML file underscore check. And then we wanna start this check after a delay of 10 seconds. So that's going to be initial delay. We wanna set that to 10 seconds. And then we want this to run every 60 seconds so that's gonna be period seconds. And then we can do a kubectl apply dash F and actually we can change this cuz we're gonna have to delete the old pods. So I'm gonna do a replace so it'll automatically delete it for us and then we'll do a dash dash force. And that's been successfully replaced. And let's do a kubectl get one one more time just to make sure that there's no issues. So I'm gonna get all the pods and we can see that it is now in a ready state. Let's move on to the next question. For the next question, we have to create a CronJob called Dice that runs every one minute and it's giving us a pod template to take a look at under slash route slash throw a dice. The image throw dash dice randomly returns a value between one and six, and the result of a six is considered a success and all others are a failure. And so a couple of other configurations that we have to provide the job should be run non-parallel, so in series, so one by one. And then we want to complete the task only once and we wanna use a back off limit of 25. And if the task is not completed within 20 seconds, the job should fail and pod should be terminated. So first of all, to create a CronJob, I wanna take a look at the Kubernetes documentation. So under CronJob, we have a template right here so we could just copy this. I'm gonna do a V-I, I'll just call this dice job dot yaml and we can paste that. And actually before we do that, I'm gonna save this and let's actually go to that directory and then take a look at throw a dice. So we can see that the image that we need to use is code cloud slash throw dash dice. So I'm gonna change the image here and I'm just gonna change the name to dice. I'm gonna change the name of my CronJob to be dice as well. From a schedule perspective, it's saying that this should run every one minute. So to change this to run every one minute, we just do slash one here. Then under spec, we wanna specify the completions now. And this should be one and the back off limit should be set to 25. And for this last requirement here, if the task is not completed within 20 seconds, the job should fail and the pod should be terminated. The configuration that we want is called active dead line seconds. And that's gonna be 20. And we'll delete the command config here; we don't need that. And then last thing is, I'm gonna set up a restart policy to be never. And now we can do a kubectl apply. And let me change the API version here to be V one beta one. There we go. Okay, so let's move on to the next question. The next question, we have to create a pod called My Busy Box in this following namespace using the busy box image. And the container should be called secret and should sleep for 3,600 seconds. And there's a few other requirements. We'll start off by knocking out the first one. So first of all, let's do a kubectl get namespace. Let's just make sure that this namespace does in fact exist. And then we can do a kubectl run my dash busy box dash dash image and we'll set this equal to busy box. And then we can pipe this out to a file and I'll just call this my busy box dot yaml. We'll open this up and let's make the necessary changes. So the first thing that we're gonna have to do is set the namespace. So here I'll do namespace and this is going to be this namespace provided. The next thing that we want to do is we have to change the command because it should sleep for 3,600 seconds. So we'll go to the image or the container and then change the command. So this is gonna be sleep and the next one is going to be 3,600. And it says that we need to name the container secret. Okay, and so that covers all of the first requirements. The next thing that we have to do is the container should mount a read only secret volume called secret dash volume at the path of slash etc slash secret volume. And it looks like the secret that's being mounted has already been created and is called dot file dash secret. So let's define our volumes. So we're gonna do name and we'll call this secret dash volume and then the secret that we're gonna reference, which is dot file dash secret. And then we can go under the container and define our volume mount. And it should be secret dash volume. It says that it needs to be a read only so we'll say read only. This is gonna be set to true. And then finally, the mount path. I'm gonna set this to be slash etc slash secret dash volume. And the final requirement is that we have to make sure this pod is scheduled on the control plane and no other node in the cluster. And so we can go up here and I'm gonna set the node name property to be control plane. All right, and then we can do a kubectl apply dash F my busy box and we can go to the next question. The next question, we have to create a single ingress resource called ingress dash VH dash routing. And this resource should route HTB traffic to multiple host names as specified below. So for the service video dash service, this should be accessible on the following URL. And then for the apparel service, this should be available on the following URL. And so if you want, you can take a look at the Kubernetes documentation to get an example configuration. So if you go to the ingress page, I'm just gonna copy this example config, and I'm just gonna create a file called ingress dot yaml and we can paste this here. So first of all, let's change the name to be ingress dash VH dash routing. And now let's knock off the first service, which is gonna be the video service. And so here I'm gonna do dash and I'm gonna just delete the configs here. So we're gonna specify the host. So the first one is going to be watch dot eCommerce slash video. And I'm just gonna copy this; it doesn't let me copy just the text that I want. And so I'm going to just delete all of this. So just get the base URL and this is gonna be HTTP and then we'll configure our paths. And so this is gonna be path type prefix the path, this one's going to be slash video. And then we'll do back end. We'll grab the service and the name. And then here we're gonna pass in the name of the service. So this is gonna use the video service and then the port. So here we're gonna specify the port that that service lists it on. And I know it's 8080, but just to show you guys, just in case we'll do a kubectl get SVC. So we got video service running on 8080 and we have apparel service running on 8080. So that's why I chose that port. So that's gonna cover the first service and then now we have to do the second one. So I'm going to copy all of this and I can change this to apparels. And the path is going to be apparel, or sorry, where, and the service is gonna be called apparels. And also we wanna make sure we remove the port numbers from here; we don't need those. All right, and so just to summarize once again, any request going to this specific host name or this domain name with the slash video path is going to get redirected or sent or forwarded to the service called video service. And then anything going to here with a slash where path is going to get sent to the apparel service on port 8080. So let's save this. Let's do a kubectl apply dash F ingress dot yaml. And if I do a kubectl get ingress, we should now see our ingress. Okay, so let's go to the next question. The next question, a pod with this following name has been deployed in the default namespace. Inspect the logs for the container called log dash X and redirect the warnings to the following file on the control plane node. So if I do kubectl get pods, we can see the pod in question. And so we wanna do kubectl logs and we'll grab that name and it's specifically asking for the container called log dash X. So you do dash C and then the name of the container. And let's take a look at the logs. And so you can see, it's just standard type logging. So we've got different levels, informational warning, and it's saying we want to redirect all of the warnings to this specific file. So how do we do that? Well, first of all, we're gonna have to grip for that. We'll do grip and then we wanna grip for warning, keep in mind it is case sensitive. And then we want to redirect to a file and that's gonna be slash opt slash D-I-N-D. And actually I'm just gonna copy that name. And so now if I do a CAT and then we can go to that same location, we can see we have all of the logs there. And so that's going to wrap up the Lightning Lab 2.