So now let's talk about CloudFront caching. So the cache lives at each CloudFront edge location, and the CloudFront will identify each object in the cache using the cache key. So the cache key is a unique identifier for each object in the cache. And what you wanna do is to maximize the cache hit ratio to minimize the number of requests that are going to the origin. So when your client makes a request to your platform distribution, it goes to an edge location. The location is going to check whether or not the object is in the cache. If it is, it's going to give back that object to the client, but if it's not, it's going to forward the request to the origin. It's going to get the response from the origin, then cache it itself in its cache and then send it back to the client. The idea is that now the object lives in the cache of the edge location, and so therefore, your client when requesting or another client when requesting the same kind of request will have its response served directly from the cache, and the origin will not see the request itself. So it's possible for you to invalidate part of the cache using the CreateInvalidation API. So that means you can expire all objects or some objects based on what you want. Also, some objects will expire based on the time to live. So how long should an object be cached in the cache before being evicted? So we are getting into the cache policy, and this is just a high level, but you can control the cache based on HTTP headers, on cookies, and query strings. So all these are part of your HTTP requests and you can control what you want to cache on. So you can also control the time to live from zero seconds to one year. And you can set this as well using the Cache-Control header or the Expires header. You can make your own cache policy or use predefined managed policies. So this is what an HTTP request would look like. And so you can cache based on the headers, the query string, the cookies. You don't need to know how to, but just need to know that it's possible. And that's it. You've seen the CloudFront cache mechanism at a high level. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.