Hey, welcome to this lecture on ElastiCache, so in this lecture, I'm not going to teach you anything groundbreaking, but we are going to see a few solution architecture and also learn the difference between Redis and Memcached because this is something you may have to choose between at the exam, so the same way we have RDS to get managed relational databases, we get ElastiCache to get some managed Redis or Memcached, and they're different technologies for caching. Cache, as a rule, are in-memory databases that have really high performance and really low latency, and they help reduce load off of databases for read-intensive workloads, so the idea is that anything that is frequently queried or very expensive to compute, you would cache it into an ElastiCache database, so Redis or Memcached, and then, the database itself would achieve a lot less queries. They also help you make your application stateless, so if you have session stores, all these kind of things, ElastiCache is a great place to have this data in. Now, because this is a managed service, AWS will take care of all the OS maintenance, the patching, any optimization, setup, configuration, monitoring, failure recovery, and backups. You do have to set up your own settings, and you do have to set up your own security groups to get access to ElastiCache, but overall, this is a managed service, so we get all the things we already know from AWS. Overall, using ElastiCache does involve heavy application code changes. This is not something you get for free, so even though you do set up a Redis or a Memcached, your application code itself has to be refactored to use ElastiCache, so this is something you have to take into account when answering a question in the exam. Next, so ElastiCache can be used as a DB cache so the idea is that we have our application, ElastiCache and, for example, a database such as Amazon RDS, and the application, when they're refactored, will query ElastiCache, and if not available, they will get the data from RDS and store in ElastiCache. That is one caching strategy, so it's called lazy loading, so if we get a cache hit that's perfect, we get the data back from ElastiCache. Otherwise, if you have a cache miss because the data is not in ElastiCache, then we're going to read it from the database and then write it to cache. This helps relieve any kind of load in RDS in case there is some hot keys or something that reads very, very often, and you must have a cache invalidation strategy to make sure that only the most current data is used in there. Otherwise, there will be a consistency problem between the state of your cache and the state of RDS, and this is a big problems when you have caches. This is very hard problem to solve. Okay, the second thing can use ElastiCache for is to be a user session store, so say you have your application, and they're on two different EC2 instances, and your users, they're accessing it through a load balancer, but you haven't enabled session stickiness, so it's possible that your users are talking to any of the applications. Now, what the application will do is that it will write the session data back into ElastiCache, such as if your users hits another EC2 instance of your application, then your application can retrieve the session from ElastiCache and know who the user is, if it's logged in, its state, and that kind of things, and so we have this way achieved statelessness in our solution architecture regardless of if we hit one application or another, and that is a very common pattern for using ElastiCache to have user session store. Okay, so finally, we need to understand the difference between Redis and Memcached 'cause it may be something we have to choose on at the exam, so Redis is going to have a feature of Multi-AZ with auto failover, so it is highly available. There is some standby active, and you can recover from a failure of an AZ, so that makes it a very good choice based on some situations, and you can create read replicas to scale reads and have high availability, so this looks a lot like RDS. Redis. RDS. Name a technique. Maybe that works for you. Okay, other features that it's persistent the data, so that means that if you enable the read-only file feature, AOF, you can get back your data after losing your cluster, so it is possible for you to have backup and restore features, and that is extremely important, so this looks a lot like a real database from RDS that we're used to do, so if you look at Redis, think Redis are replication, so we have two Redis instances and some replication happening between them, so what you need to remember out of Redis is that it's highly available. There's some replication, some backup, all that kind of things. Memcached is another strategy. In this case, when you have multiple nodes in Memcached, this is not for replication of data; this is for partitioning and data sharding. It's not a persistent cache. They mean that if you lose the cache, then you lose your data, so it's really just for temporary transient data. You have backup and restore features for the serverless version of Memcached, not the self-managed version, and it's a multi-threaded architecture, so when you look at Memcached, this is maybe not something that's gonna be Multi-AZ in the same way Redis is. The way you should look at Memcached is sharding, so that means that some data will go onto one Memcached node. Some data will go onto another Memcached node, and this way your data is sharded across multiple instances of Memcached, and if you lose one node of Memcached, then you lose all the data on that node, even though the other nodes may still be operational, okay? So that's it. Hope that makes sense for the differences between Redis and Memcached and ElastiCache overall. I hope you liked this lecture, and I will see you in the next lecture.