So let's talk about the limits of solution architecture on AWS. What if you had to handle an extremely high rates of requests on your infrastructure? So let's have a look. Route 53 is a global DNS service and it's meant to handle an extremely high rates of requests so your fine at this stage. You can handle client, also do some client caching so to save some data that has been requested from your APIs in order to save requests going into your infrastructure. But if your request goes into your infrastructure, for example, through CloudFront then CloudFront also has caching capability and you can achieve easily 100,000 requests per second on the CloudFront. CloudFront has reduction origin and the origin can do many things but let's took an example with ALB or API Gateway. So if you're using an ALB, it can scale tremendously. And the ALB used to have warmup issues, but not anymore it can now scale seamlessly. The API Gateway has a soft limit of 10,000 requests per second, as we've seen. And also the API Gateway has some caching capability, so there's a chance to stop requests at this stage. The Compute Layer within different options, if we're using an ASG or ECS on EC2 it's going to be slow, you're gonna have to bootstrap your instances after your VMs are created. So this can take a lot of time to scale but this still scales well, it's just going to be a little bit slower. If you're using Fargate, it's Docker containers that have to be booted up. It's going to be quicker to scale. They've launched onto the AWS Global infrastructure. So it may be a little bit faster to scale and we'll still work with your architecture. And if you're using Lambda for your Compute Layer, you can get up to 1,000 concurrent executions for your Lambda functions in your region, but this can be increased as well, this is a soft limit. But it's good for you to see these numbers just to get understanding of the capability of each side. So as we can see in the Compute Layer we don't have any caching capability. Now we have a Database Layer which is our data is going to be in RDS, Aurora, ElasticSearch. These are going to be provision databases a lot harder to scale except maybe Aurora, AWS will disagree with me, but still you have provisioned a capacity for your database side. If you're using DynamoDB, then you are in luck because you can use autoscaling, on-demand scaling. And so you can enable a much higher read and writes. If you need some caching capability for your data then you can have Redis. You can scale up to 200 nodes. Memcached, up to 20 nodes in charting or DynamoDB DAX up to 10 nodes that are primary and replica. That's going to help cache your DynamoDB queries. What if you need to store data on disk, then in case you're using an EBS drive, you get up to 16,000 IOPS on gp2 and 64,000 IOPS on io1 and it has some caching capability, that means that you can cache data, if you wanted to onto an EBS volume, that is a very common pattern. If you're using Instance Store, you get millions of IOPS, so a much higher IOPS rates. And again, your Instance Store can be used as a local cache for your EC2 instances. For EFS it's a bit different because you're sharing files across many instances. In which case you have two different performance mode, General in which we get more performance the more files we have onto our EFS Network Files System or we can enable the Max IO or provisioned IO on EFS, in which we're saying, okay we want more IOPS than the number of files we have. So please enable that. Finally, if we need to decouple our applications then SNS and SQS virtually have unlimited scales. So we're fine. SQS FIFO have about 3,000 requests per second with batching or 300 requests per second without batching. And can you say is something you have to provision? And for each chart you provision you get about one megabytes per second in and two megabytes per second out per chart. Okay. Regarding the static routes we can also have a CloudFront edge at the edge and we can use S3 and S3 as we seen the main lines performance is 3,500 puts and 5,500 gets per pre fixed per second. And the KMS limits will be a problem if you're using SSE KMS encryption in which case you'll be limited to 10,000 API calls on KMS, for example, per region. Now this is a number that changes based on the region you're choosing but I just wanna give you some idea that KMS will be a limit for your S3 performance. And obviously you can have your EC2 instance where your Compute Layer also talk to S3. It doesn't have to be through CloudFronts. So one which you notice is that the more we are going on the right hand side in this architecture the more it's going to be expensive. So the earlier we can cache the request the less expensive is going to be for us. So all the things we can have to do with this is caching on all left hand side, maybe deal with TTL, understand all the network calls that have to be made, if we have to go all the way to the right, understand the computations that need to happen, the cost of these computations that need to happen and also the increased latency from going and propagating a request all the way to the right. So this is a high level solution architecture discussion, but it's really important for you to see all the limits of AWS into one slide. Just so you understand why caching is so important, why it's so much better to treat the requests at the edge versus treating them at the very very deep parts of your architectures and why caching can be made in so many different places. Okay. So, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.