Welcome back. In this lesson we are going to look at extracting or querying the files in our landing layer. As we know we have the four files customers orders, addresses and memberships stored in the unit catalog volume called Operational Data. We're going to focus on the customers data in this lesson. We have the four customer files. Each relates to a different month from 2020 4th October to 2020 5th January, and they are stored in a folder called customers. Spark allows us to query a single file, multiple files using wildcard characters or a folder altogether. We'll look at all of these scenarios in this lesson. There are many different ways to query a file in spark, but the most commonly used method is using the Select statement from spark SQL. It's a great way of querying the data for quick analysis, but having said that, it has some limitations, which we'll look at in the forthcoming lessons and solutions for them as well. The syntax of the Select statement to query data by path looks like this. It select star Staff from, followed by the file format dot followed by the file path. All the common file formats are supported, including structured and semi-structured file formats such as CSV, JSON, XML, parquet, etc., as well as binary, and the text file formats are also supported. File path has to be enclosed by Backticks. Please note that there are backtick characters rather than single quotes. The file path can be referencing a single file, multiple files using wildcard characters, or a folder itself. Let's focus on the customers file, which is a JSON file. We can query just the 2020 4th October customers file by giving the file path like this. Here we have given the specific path to the file customers. Underscore 2024 underscore ten dot JSON. Instead, if we want to query all the 2024 files, we can use wildcard characters like this that will be customers. Underscore 2024 underscore star dot JSON. If you want to query all the data in the customer's file, including the 2024 and the 2025 files, we can simply issue a Select statement like this with just the folder path. Now that we understand how to query files using SQL in Databricks, let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and see this in action. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. And as you can see I've created a new notebook for this lesson and called it as Extract Customers Data. And that's created under the same folder that we've been working with for the this section of the certification, which is ETL with Apache Spark. And we're going to look at cutting a single file, multiple files using wildcard characters and querying all the files in a folder in this notebook. But before we start, let's go over to the storage account and look at the contents of the file. So let me navigate to the customers folder and let's open one of the files. I'm going to open the 2020 4th October file and let me click edit and as you can see, it's got 20 lines and it's a single line JSON basically. So you've got 20 records and we've got objects such as customer ID, customer name, etc. and if you scroll to the right, you'll see that there are no nested objects. It's a simple JSON. I wanted to give you a simple JSON to start with, and then we'll move on to looking at complex JSON objects in later lessons. And we want to use spark SQL to extract our query this data. So let me close this and let me navigate to the Databricks workspace before we start writing the select statement. To select or extract the data from the file, let's try and list all the files. As you know, we can use the percentage fsls command or the file system utility to list the files. For that, we need to provide the folder path. As we know we've got the file in a volume. So to reference the volume you need to start with the folder path volumes. and that's followed by the catalog name, which is Gizmo Box. And that's followed by the schema name. In this case that's landing and that's followed by the volume itself, which is operational data. And we need to provide the folder path within the volume itself, which is customers in this case. And let's execute that command. And that should list all the files within the customers folder. And as you can see we got the four files. If you're finding it difficult to establish the name of the folder here, you can simply go over to the Catalog Explorer. So I'm going to simply click on the catalog menu on the sidebar. And then that opens up the Catalog Explorer. And you can navigate to the catalog here which is Gizmo Box. Under that we've got the landing schema. And let me click on the volume which is operational data. And if you click on customers and that opens up the folder. And we've got the four files here. And you can simply copy the folder path from here And let me copy that. Let me bring it over and paste it. That should be exactly the same as you can see here. And that's one of the quickest way of getting the folder path. If you can't remember the schema names, catalog names, etc.. Now let's write the select statement to query the file. So we're going to start with one of the file. So I'm going to simply copy that file path here. And let me click on code. And let me write the select statement. It starts with the keyword select star from. And we need to give the file format. In this case the file format is JSON. And then you go with Dot and you need to provide a backtick here. As I said in the presentation, please use Backtick rather than single quotes. If you use single quotes you will get errors. So make sure you use Backticks and then you need to provide the folder path. In this case it's a volumes slash gizmo box slash landing slash the, uh, volume name. And then you've got the customize folder. And this is the file name. And you can have the dbfs here, but you can remove it as well. And I tend to remove that. So let me execute this statement. Now as you can see Spark's done a pretty good job of reading the JSON file, identifying all the columns and the data within each of the columns, and given the result as a table with rows and columns here, which is great, but if you look closely, some of the data types are not what we expected. As you can see, customer ID is an integer and customer name is a string, which is great, but at the same time things like create a timestamp has been given as a string and the date of birth has been given as a string, but they should have been timestamps and dates accordingly, which is okay. We can further process this data and assign the right data types in our downstream processing. Or there are other approaches you can apply to get the data to be read with the right data types upfront as well. So we'll look at those later. But this is really a pretty good job and it's very good for quick analysis. Let's now move on to querying multiple files. Let me copy this select statement. And let's say we want to query all the files with 2024. As we said we simply have to give the path with the wildcard character. So you can either give a star after the 2024 or after the underscore. So let me do a star here and let me execute this statement. And we should see more data. As we can see we got 49 records. That is from all the files for 2024 which is from October, November and December. And you can use any wildcard characters you're familiar with. It's not just a star. You can use question marks and things like that as well. And let's now look at querying the entire folder. So let's say we want to query the entire folder, which includes the 2024 and 2025 files you can use again the wildcard character star dot JSON, which will read all the files. Or if you want to read all the files within the folder, you can simply remove the file and you can just give the folder. So let me execute that statement. And as you can see we got more data here. So we had 49 records in the previous query. Now we got 62. That's because we got the rest of the data from the 2025 file. And it's read all the all the data here. As you can see we got 2025 data as well. Now that we understand how to query data from individual files as well as folders, let me take you through one of the important functions used during extraction. When you're working with ETL projects, it's important to include some kind of auditing capability so that we can trace the data back to its origin in case of issues identified in downstream processing. For example, here we've selected data from four different files, but we have no idea about which record came from which of the files when we look at the data. So we tend to include a column called File Path and populate it with the path to the file, so that we've got some kind of audit capability. When there is an issue with the data downstream, we can go back and look at the original file. The function which everyone used to use is called input file name. Let me show you that first. But that's being deprecated. So I will also take you through the alternative approach. That's the one which is recommended for future users. Let me simply add another Select statement and I'll demonstrate that. And I'm going to call the function input file name here. And let me do a comma so I can see the data as well. And let me execute this statement I missed the brackets around the function. So let me add that. And as you can see here we've got the file path against each of the records. So the records you see here, the first 20 records I think they've come from the October 2024 file. And we can see the rest of the data here from 2020 4th November. And if you scroll down, you'll see the other files as well, which is great. But as I said, this uh, function, which is the input file name, is being deprecated from version 13.3 of Databricks runtime. So we need to use the alternative approach which is using a hidden column. There is a hidden column on every data frame called underscore metadata. And that gives you all the information that we need. So let me add that and then I'll show you and let me execute this. And that'll give you a JSON here. And as you can see we got a JSON object with a lot more information than just the file name. So we got the file name, the the file path, the size of the file block start and block length, as well as the modification time, which is really good. If you ever wanted to see when your file was modified, you can just simply use the hidden column to get the information. But in this case we just want to get the file path. So what you do is you call the column underscore metadata. And then you can use the dot notation to refer to the object there. So that will be file path. And that will simply give us the file path that we need. And I can simply alias that as well. And let me execute that statement and you will see exactly the same results. So now we got the file path here. And that come from the hidden column underscore metadata. So as I said the recommended approach is to use the underscore metadata hidden column. But I also taught you about this function here. That's because the certification is still slightly old. And it was using the function input file name. That's the only reason I taught you that. But if you are building a project, please use the underscore metadata hidden column for anything in the future. And that's everything I wanted to teach you in this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.