Welcome back. Now that we understand how to query the data from files to output the results as a structured table, let's look at registering the result set as a Unity catalog object in the bronze schema. This is so that once registered, the users or queries can reference the data without worrying about the path of where the data is stored and how to interpret the data in the files. As we discussed, the purpose of the bronze layer is to keep the data as close as possible to the data received from the source, so that we can use this for any reprocessing due to downstream issues or auditing and investigations around data issues. There are two options. We have to simply load the data into the bronze schema. The first one is to create a table with the source data, and the other one is to create a view. In this lesson, we'll create a view. And when we come to ingest the payments file which is the external file, I'll show you how to create an external table. A view in Databricks is basically a virtual table created on top of the result set of the SQL query. It doesn't physically store any data whenever the user queries the view. The Select statement gets executed to create a view for the customers file, we simply have to run this SQL statement. As you can see, we use the same SQL select statement but added the keywords create or replace view. The view name and the keyword as this view will simply be pointing at the data in the landing layer. And when we select data from this view, it selects the data from the files in the landing layer and gives us the results. You can create views in Unity catalog as well as hive Metastore. But in this lesson we are going to create that on Unity Catalog. To create the view in a specific catalog or schema rather than the default schema, you need to use the three level namespace for the view name that will be catalog name. In our case, it is gizmo box dot schema name, which is bronze dot. The view name let's call it as v underscore customers. The other option is to switch the current catalog and the schema by using the Use catalog and the use schema commands as shown here before creating the view. Now that we understand how to create views in Unity Catalog, let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and create the customers view in the Brown schema. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. We are using the same notebook for this. And we're going to create the view at the bottom of this notebook. So let me scroll down and let me copy this select statement. And we can use that in the creation of the view. And as we discussed when you create a view you start with the keywords create or replace view. And I'm going to use the three level namespace here. As I said you can use the use catalog and use schema commands to switch to the current catalog and the schema. Or you can use the three level namespace directly. So in our case it's gizmo box which is the catalog name dot. And we need the schema name which is landing. Sorry it is bronze. So we want to create this view in the bronze schema. And let's call our view as v underscore customers. And we need the keyword as here before the select statement. And we can use the same select statement I'm going to slightly tidy up I'm going to remove the first function the input file name function because we don't need that. And I'm going to put the file path at the end of the record rather than at the beginning. And let's now execute this statement and the view is now successfully created. Let's try and select the data from the view. So let me write the select statement for that. And as you can see it's brought back the results. We got the 62 records. And we've got the file path at the end of the records as well which is great. As you can see because we're using the view to reference the data Now we don't have to worry about where the files are stored and the path for the file and all of that kind of things. And whenever you're invoking a view, it's simply going to execute the select statement that we've given in the definition of the view. And also the other benefit of registering a view is that it's going to appear in your Catalog Explorer. And you can look at things like lineage and things like that as well. So let me go over to bronze. And as you can see, we've got a new view here. And we can simply look at the definition. So as you can see the definition is the select statement that we've given. And you can look at sample data and things like that as well. And once you've registered the view everyone who's got access to the view will be able to find it and use it in their processing. And also you get all the benefits that comes with the unit catalog. It's things like lineage, uh, additional data security, things like you can grant and revoke permissions on the view etc.. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.