Welcome back. Apart from the view we just looked at, Databricks also offers another type of view called Temporary View SQL to create a temporary view looks like this. As you can see, the only difference is the addition of the keyword temporary. Please note that this is not an object within Unity Catalog or Hive Metastore, unlike the standard view that we looked at. Rather, it's a concept from spark. Spark allows us to create temporary views which exist only for the duration of the spark session. Once the spark session ends, the view from the memory gets destroyed and you can no longer access that. In the context of Databricks, a new spark session is started when a notebook has been attached to the cluster. So when you detach the notebook from the cluster, the temporary view also gets destroyed. Temporary views are especially useful when you are writing complex ETL, and you want to keep a reference to the intermediate results. There is also another type of temporary view called Global Temporary View. As you can see, the syntax is exactly the same except for the keyword global. The difference between temporary view and the global temporary view is that temporary views, as we said, are available only for the duration of the spark session and they're destroyed when the spark session ends, whereas the global temporary views are kept available for the duration of the spark application rather than the spark session. In the context of Databricks, global temporary views will be available until the cluster has been terminated. That's when the spark application ends. So you can even access a global, temporary view from another notebook to the one that you'd created from. As long as both notebooks are attached to the same cluster. Now that we understand what temporary views are, let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and create them. I'll also demonstrate what happens to the temporary view when a spark session ends. Here we are in the Databricks bricks workspace. Let's copy the create or replace view statement that we've already written and make the changes to create the temporary view. And as we saw in the presentation, we need to add the keyword temporary here. And also as I said this is not a concept within Unity Catalog or Hive Metastore. It's a concept within spark. So the view is going to be created in the spark session rather than in Unity Catalog or Hive Metastore. So we don't need the catalog name or the schema names, we simply have to have the name of the view. So I'm going to call this view as TV underscore customers. So which is temporary view customers. And let's execute this statement. And the view has now been successfully created. So let's run a select statement to see the data in the view. You simply have to write the select star from view name to get all the data from the view. And you can do any transformations or anything like that on the view. From now onwards. You treat it like a normal table or a normal view from here. So as you can see, we've got all the data that we expect to see. That's brilliant. Let me now demonstrate what happens to the view when the spark session ends. As I said, when a notebook's attached to a cluster, the spark session starts. And when you detach it, the spark session ends, basically. So let's detach this notebook from the cluster and we can reattach it and execute the statement. So let me detach and reattach. So that means the spark session is going to be ended and then restarted. So there will be a new spark session. So let me do that. And now we've got a new spark session started. So that means our temporary view should have been destroyed. So let's check that we can run the select statement here to see that. And as you can see we got an error saying Tableau View not found. So the view has really been destroyed. So you'll have to recreate that. So as you can see temporary views or temporary just within the spark session, and they're destroyed as soon as the spark session ends. So that's the difference between a temporary view and a normal view. Now let's look at the global temporary view again. I'm going to simply copy this, uh, SQL statement and paste it here and make the corresponding changes. And as we discussed to create a global temporary view we have to add the keyword global here. And I'm going to call this as GTB underscore customers to represent global temporary view customers. And let me execute that statement. And to access a global temporary view you will have to access it from a schema, which is a system schema that exists within the spark session. I'll show you that. So you write the Select statement as normal, but you need to use the schema global underscore temp dot. And then you reference the view name. So as I said, the global temporary view exists within a temporary system schema called global temp. And that's where we need to access the data from. So let's execute this statement. And as you can see we've got the data now as we expected to see. Let's scroll to the right. And we got all the columns as well. But now let's see what happens when you detach this notebook from the cluster and reattach it. So I'm going to simply detach and reattach and let's click confirm. But as we discussed a normal temporary view won't exist. So when you select star from a normal temporary view, you're going to have an error. But a global temporary view should exist because the cluster has not been terminated. So let me execute this statement and we should be able to get the data again. As you can see, the query succeeded. But this global temporary view will be destroyed from the spark application. When the spark application ends, that is when the cluster is terminated. So you can try that yourself. Just terminate the cluster and then restart the cluster again and see whether the global temporary view exists or not. So the advantage of global temporary view is that you may want to create a global temporary view in one of your notebooks, and you may want to access that in other notebooks. I don't see a lot of real time use cases for a global temporary view. Temporary views are used quite a lot, actually, because you can temporarily keep the result of something and then you would reference that in your future code. So you may want to create a global temporary view in your first stage of the ETL. And you may want to reference that in a couple of other places later on. And then you might just finally write the results to your normal table or a view. That's where the temporary views are useful. But there is a lot less use cases for global temporary views, in my opinion. I hope you've now got a good understanding about temporary views and global temporary views. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.