Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at another JSON file which is orders. This file is slightly different to the customers JSON file that we saw earlier. It's a complex JSON with nested structure and arrays, which can usually be handled by the Select statement using the JSON file format. But this file has some data quality issues and it doesn't conform to the JSON standards. So this data has to be pre-processed before parsing via the JSON parser. When you have this kind of scenarios where the source data can't be trusted and needs custom parsing logic applied, we can use the text file format to read the raw data as it is as strings, and apply the custom parsing logic. Text format can be used for any of the text file formats such as CSV, JSON, XML, etc.. Let's first go through the orders file and I'll explain the issues with the data, and then I'll show you what happens when we use the JSON file format to query that data, and then we'll use the text file format to query the data and create a view in the bronze layer based on that. In the future lessons, when we come to process this data in the silver layer, we'll use custom JSON parsing logic to process that data. That'll give you a full understanding of how to take a complex JSON format with data quality issues. Let's switch over to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure portal. Let's navigate to the storage account and browse to the orders file. And let me click edit. And as you can see it's a JSON file. Again it's a single line JSON. And we've got 13 records in this specific file. And if we scroll to the right you'll see that it's got arrays. So as you can see items is an array. There can be more than one item in an order. And also you will see nested structures as well. So we've got D tiles which is another struct within that struct. So it's a complex JSON with arrays and nested structures. And this is the file that we're going to process in this lesson. And also this file has got some data quality issues. As you can see order date is a string but the value is not enclosed within quotes. So the JSON parser from the Select statement that we saw earlier can handle these kind of issues. So that'll give us some problems. And instead we'll use the text file format to read the data as it is and then fix the issue. That means just adding the codes to the data here. And then we'll use the JSON parser to parse this data in a later lesson. Let's now go over to the Databricks workspace and start processing that file. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. And as you can see, I've created a new notebook to extract data from the orders folder. Let's use the JSON format first to extract the data. So let's start writing the Select statement that will be select star from JSON is the file format that we're using. And we need to give the folder path here. And as you may remember we need to use Backticks rather than single quotes. And we know that actually there is a Unity catalog volume on top of the orders folder. So let's use the Unity Catalog volume path which will be slash volumes. And we need to specify the catalog name which is gizmo box, and then the schema name which is landing and the volume which is operational data, and the folder of the orders file which is orders. So let me execute this statement. And as you can see there are some corrupt records. There is a new column here added to the output called Corrupt Record. And there are a few records which are added to the correct record column. So let me take you to one of them. As you can see in the second record here, we got corrupt value. That's because the order date itself is missing the quotes around the value. So that's an invalid JSON. That's why the parser, the JSON parser as part of the Select statement could not parse this data. So it's just added that to corrupt record column. And if you scroll to the right, you will see nulls for all of the column values. And we don't want this, we want to be able to process all of the records. In order to do that, we can read the entire data as text string and keep it in a table and then pre-process the data. When I say pre-process, we'll simply fix the data issues. In this case, we just have to add the codes. But if you have other problems, you can fix that as well. And then send it through the JSON parser again and pass the data into rows and columns. In this case, we only have one issue, which is the ordered date having invalid values. So let's use the text file format to read this data. Let me go down and I'm going to simply change JSON to text. And let me execute that and show you the results. And as you can see here we've got just one column called value. That's what the text format does. What it does is it reads every record as one text value and keeps the data as it is. It doesn't really try and pass any of the data, so there are no chances of any data losses. The data is read as it is and just written here. So if you look at the second record here, we've got the order date, but it's still missing the double quotes around it. Otherwise the data looks okay, but at least we managed to read the data as it is. Generally, the purpose of the bronze layer is to keep the data as close to the raw or the source data as possible. So if you can't trust your provider of the data to ensure that the data is going to conform to the standards, the easiest way is to store the data as text format and then pre-process the data and parse it later on. So at least you have a copy of the data in your bronze layer. In this case, that's what we are going to do. I'm going to simply copy this select statement and let's create a view on top of that. To create a view we need to use the create or replace view command. So that will be create or replace view. And then we need to give the view name. We want to use the three level namespace. So I'm going to use the catalog name which is gizmo box. And we need to use the schema name. In this case we want to keep the views under the bronze schema. And we need to give the view name. I'm going to call my view as v underscore orders. And let's use the keyword as. And then we need the select statement. So in this case we're going to use the text file format. so the view will be created on top of the data that we have in our volume. And the file format is going to be text. So let's execute that statement and the view is now created. Let me simply query the view to ensure that the data is as expected. So that will be select star from the view name. And as you can see we've got the data as we expect to see. And as I said before in a later lesson we are going to pre-process this data, fix the issues, and then send it through the JSON parser to create the data into rows and columns. Before we finish, let me quickly go over to the Catalog Explorer and show you that the view exists now under the bronze schema. So let me quickly refresh that. And as you can see, we've got the view for customers as well as the view for orders now. And you can see the data here as well. But this time there will be only one column with the data as it is from the files. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.