Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at how to process unstructured data files. As you know the membership folder has photos of the customer's identity cards which are in the image format. PNG. Databricks recommends using the binary file format to process these files. Let's first go through the files, and then we'll look at querying these files using the select statement. And then we'll also create a view on the schema. Let me switch over to the Azure portal and show you the files. Here we are in the Azure portal. Let's go into the memberships folder. As you can see, this folder structure is slightly different to the others. We got subfolders and then we got the files. So we got the year and month folders here. And let's go into one of the files and let me click on edit. And as you can see it's a simple image of the identity card of each of the members. And we need to process this via Databricks. As I said before, Databricks recommends using the binary file format, but we need to ensure that we are catering for the subfolders within the main folder as well. So let's go over to the Databricks workspace and I'll show you how to do that. I'm going to simply list the files first so that I can show you the folder structure. As you can see, when you're looking in the memberships folder, it's only listing as the sub folders. But we need to see the files. In order to see the files in the sub folders, we need to use the wildcard character because we got different values for the sub folder names. I'll show you how to do that as well. Let me copy the folder path from here and let's start right in the select statement. And as we discussed we need to use the binary file format. So let me give the file binary file format here and let's use Backticks. And we need to use tar for the folder path. And then you can stop it there. And it will pick all the files inside all the sub folders. Or you can even do slash star dot png if we wanted to get just the PNG files. And if you have a mixture of file file types within the folder. So let's use star dot png as well. And let me execute that statement. As you can see we've got all the data being listed here. We've got 50 records combined between all of those four subfolders. And what you get is not just the content of the files. You get some metadata as well by default. So we got the content under the content column as you can see here. And also you get the file in the folder path as well as the modification time and the length of the files as well. So it's quite useful to have the metadata by default. So let's now create a view on top of this file. And the view is now created. Let's ensure that we got all the data as we expect to see in the view. And let me execute that statement. And as you can see we've got the data in the views. That's brilliant. We've successfully extracted the data from a binary or an image file and created a view on top of that. Uh, as you can see, there is no identifiers on each of the records, but we've got the file path or the folder path with the customer ID as part of the file name. I'll show you how to extract that information and create a new column called customer ID to have that information and then the content alongside that. So it will be easier to query the data that way. Uh, but that will be in a later lesson. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.