Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at querying CSV files. Also during this lesson we'll look at some of the limitations of the Select statement that we've been using to query the data so far. I'll then explain the alternatives, and we'll go through one of those alternative methods in this lesson, and another one in the forthcoming lessons. As we know, the file addresses contain the CSV data. So our natural instinct will be to use the CSV file format to parse this data. It works fine if your file is a standard CSV file with comma as the delimiter. Our addresses file doesn't use the standard delimiter of comma. Instead it uses tab as the delimiter. Also, this file has a header. So somehow we need to tell spark that the delimiter is tab, and the file has a header record so that it can use the information to derive the column names. Unfortunately, there are no options available in the select statement to do that. For this, Databricks offers a couple of different solutions. Firstly, you can use the table valued functions available in Databricks for reading CSV. Databricks recommends using the read files function. It accepts a number of options, such as the delimiter, whether the file has headers, etc.. Also, you can specify whether to read a single file or a list of files or a folder itself. It can also be used to query data from file formats other than CSV, for example parquet, JSON, etc.. I'll take you through the documentation for the read files function shortly, but the other option is to create external tables over the data files and query the data via the external tables. As we said previously, these external tables are created over the data that already exists. External tables also give similar options around delimiters, headers, etc.. Having said that, Databricks doesn't allow us to create an external table on a Unity catalog volume. As you know, we have created the volume over the operational data folder. So the best approach for this file is to use the table valued function read files. We will use external tables for the payments file in the next lesson. Let's now go over to the Azure portal and get started by looking at the data in the addresses folder first. Here we are in the Azure portal. Let me go into the addresses folder and let me open one of these files and I'll show you the data. As you can see the data is really simple. It's got about five different columns. And the data is terminated with tabs rather than commas. And also it's got a header record. So you'll see the same on every file here. So all four files will have a header and then data records. So somehow we'll have to let Spock know that there is a header record here. And the Terminator is a tab character rather than a comma. So let's see how to do that. We're going to go over to the Databricks workspace. And as you can see I've already created a new notebook called Extract Addresses Data. The first thing I want to show you is to demonstrate the limitations of the select statement that we've been using so far. If you remember, in order to read data from a CSV file, we'll have to write the select statement as select star from, and then the file format which is CSV. In that case. And we need to use Backticks. And we need to feed in the folder path here. So let me do that. Let me execute this statement. As you can see the output has just one column. We expected to see six different columns in the output table. But we only have one column. And the name of the column is underscore z zero rather than the column names that we expected to see. And the header record itself has been given as one output record. data record. So as I said, we need to inform spark that this is the header record. And also the tab is the delimiter so that it can identify the columns and give us the data as columns and rows. So as I said previously we can use the read files function for that. So let me open up the documentation for read files function. And as you can see this is the syntax. And you feed in the path. That's the file path. And then you give a set of key value pairs. And the key value pairs really matters. I'll take you through that first. But let's go over the path. So it gives you the ability to do file discovery. So you can use wildcard characters to give you a folder path or file paths. So you'll be able to read a single file or multiple files using wildcard characters, which is great. And that's what we've been able to do with the select statement previously. And let me go down to the other options. So as you can see here, there are some basic options. And there are other sets of options later on as well. So under the basic options you will see that you can process. You can give one of the options as format. The format can be one of these which is Avro, binary file, CSV, JSON, etc. so it's able to handle different types of files. And the file we want to look at is CSV. So we'll feed in the format as CSV. And also there are specific options for each of the file types. As you can see JSON options are given here. For example, you can feed in to say that it's a multi-line JSON rather than a single line JSON, and the encoding and the line separators and things like that. But our interest here is CSV options. So that's the CSV options here. And the things we want to feed in is the header. So you can say the header is true because it's a boolean value. It accepts a boolean value. So you can say whether there is a header or not. So we'll feed in the header as true. And also you can provide the delimiter as the tab as well. So that's all we wanted for our CSV file. But as you can see, there are hundreds of options you can feed into this function and it's really flexible. So let me go back to the notebook. And I'm going to write the read files function here. And again it will be select star from. And it's a table valued function. So you give that in the From clause. So you give read underscore files. And then you can provide the path first. So the path is the addresses folder path here as you can see. And the path goes in single quotes here not backticks. So remember that and we need to provide the format here. So let me give the format I'm going to give the parameter name which is format and it's CSV. And we need to provide the delimiter. So let me give the delimiter here. And the delimiter for us is tab. So let me give tab here. And the final option we want to feed in is the header. So we want to say that we have got a header. So the header is true. And that's everything we need to feed in. And it should be able to use this information to identify that there is a header. And it should be able to pull out the column details as well. So let me click on the run button here. As you can see, it's taken all the information we've given here and processed the data as we expect it to. So let's take this select statement and create a view in the bronze layer so we can refer to the view later on rather than writing the entire Select statement. So I'm going to do create or replace. And we want to create the view in the gizmo box um scheme sorry catalog and the bronze schema. And we want to call this as view name as V underscore addresses. And I'm going to use as and then give the select statement. So that's everything we need to do to create the view. I'm going to simply copy that so that I can write the Select statement again. So let me execute that. And I missed the view here. So that will be create or replace view. And let me execute that. And let me quickly write a select statement to ensure that the view has the right data. And the results are as we expect to see. So we've got the six columns with the 100 rows in it. So that's brilliant. The summary from this lesson is that the select statement that we wrote earlier is quite limited. So that works for self-describing schemas which are like JSON, parquet and things like that, in which we embed the schema with the data itself. But when you're working with things like text files, which is CSV or XML, it may not work in the way you expect to see. That's why we got the other options, which are using the read files table valued function. Or you can create external tables. And in this lesson we've used the read files table valued function. In the next lesson we'll use external tables on the pavement file. I'll see you then.