Welcome back. Now that we managed to extract all the operational data, let's turn our attention to the external data. As we know, we have the payments file in the Azure Data Lake storage under the container external data. We haven't created a Unity catalog volume on this folder, but Databricks can still access the data via the Abfs protocol, as we've already created the external location on the gizmo box container itself. Payments is a standard comma separated values file or CSV file without header records in it. In this lesson, I'm going to demonstrate how to use external tables to query the data from this file. We'll create the external table in the bronze schema. As we discussed, external tables are tables created on the data that already exists. They are especially useful when the data is generated by a process outside of Databricks, such as Azure Data Factory, Fivetran, etc. and we simply want to read that data using Databricks. This is exactly our use case here. The create table statement looks like this. Create table keyword followed by the name of the table. Then you can optionally list all the column names and data types. And they are especially useful if your data file doesn't have a header, which is the case in our case. And we want to specify the data type as well. You can then specify the file format. In this case, as we know, the file format of the payments file is CSV. That's followed by the options clause, to which you can pass a list of key value pairs. This could be delimiters whether there is a header in the file, etc.. Finally, that's followed by the location keyword with the location of the file or the folder path. Please note that the location is the keyword that makes the table an external table. If that's permitted, the table created will be manage table. As we said, external tables are created when the file already exists and we just want to read that data, which is the case in our example. Please note that when you create an external table, the data doesn't get moved or copied. Instead, just some metadata is created in the metastore describing the table and the underlying files. That's why even when you create an external table on a big data set, the table will be created within seconds or even milliseconds. Also, when you drop an external table, just the metadata about the table is deleted, but the files are unaffected. So again, the process takes only a few seconds. Hope that makes sense. If not, please don't worry. I'll demonstrate that shortly. We can use this create table statement to create the external table for the payments data. As you can see, we've listed the column names and the data types specified the file format as CSV. We've informed the parser that the header exists and the delimiter is comma. You can omit the delimiter in this example because the value comma is the default value for the delimiter. I'm keeping it just to make it obvious. Also, we've given the location where the file exists. As you can see, I'm using the APFs protocol to refer to the file rather than the volume. Databricks only allows us to create a volume or an external table. You can't have both. In this case, we chose to create an external table rather than a volume, and we're using the APFs protocol to refer to the files. I hope that makes sense to you. And now that we understand how to create an external table, let's switch over to the Databricks notebook and implement this. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. As you can see, I've created a new notebook for this lesson and called that as Extract Payments data. And we're going to do a few things here. So firstly we're going to list all the files from the payments folder. I'll demonstrate how to use the APFs protocol for that. And then we'll look at creating the external table on the files in that folder itself. And we'll query the table to ensure that we can see the data. And the data is as expected. And then we'll look at the effect of making changes to the underlying files As we discussed previously, we create external tables on the data that's being generated by another solution other than Databricks. So for example, if ADF or Fivetran adding new files, we want to see what the effect is when we query the external tables. And there are some nuances to that. So I'll show you that. And then we'll look at the effect of dropping the external table and what happens to the underlying files. Let's get started. Let's start with listing the files. So as we know we can use the file system utility which we can access via the percentage FS magic command. So it will be percentage fs LRS. And we need to provide the URL for the folder which is the payments folder. And let's use the Abfs protocol. So that starts with the words abfs. And we got colon slash slash. And we need to give the container name which is gizmo box in this case. And we need the storage account name and that is DEA cost Ksdl followed that with dfs.co dot windows dot net. That's the URL and we can give the subfolders. In this case it's a landing external data and then payments. Let me execute that statement. And we should be able to see the four files in the payments folder. Okay I've got an error here. That's because I've made a typo here. I've used g e d l rather than d a. So let me correct that and hopefully I haven't made any other mistakes. So let me execute that statement so we can see the four files here. Let me also show you the data in the Azure portal. Let me go over to the storage account and let's take a look at the data because we hadn't seen that before. And as you can see it's a simple CSV file. It's a comma separated values file here with about 4 or 5 columns I think. Uh, and as you can see, there are no headers for this file as well. So if you open any of the other files you won't see a header either. So we need to ensure that we give the column names in our create table statement. And we need to read the data. So let's go over to the Databricks workspace again and start creating the external table. So as we saw in the presentation, creating an external table uses the same syntax for create table generally. So it will be create table if not exists. And then we need the name of the table. So we need to give the three level namespace because we are working with unity catalog here. And we need to follow that with the list of column names and data types. Let me type them in. So they are the column names and the data types. And we need to follow that with the file format. So for that we use the keyword using. And then you give the format of the file. You can use any of the formats. But in this case actually the format of the file is CSV. So let me give CSV here and we need to we can provide the options after that. So there are a couple of options we want to give. The first one is we want to tell the spark engine that there is header in the data. So let me give header as the first option. And as we saw we got a delimiter in the file. So we can specify the delimiter. Comma is the default delimiter. So ideally you don't have to give that. But I'm going to simply give that here just to make it obvious. And there the two parameters we need to provide for this file. And the last thing is the location. So as I said location is what makes a table external table. If you don't specify a location that becomes a managed table, and the managed tables are created in the managed location of the schema that you specified, or if it's not specified, then it creates the table in the unity catalog Metastore root storage. But we'll look at those things when we talk about manage tables later in another section. But let's carry on with this one now. So we need to now give the location of the payments folder. So let me simply copy from here and let's execute this statement to create the external table here which is payments. And I've got an error because I've got an extra double quotes here. So let me remove that and let me execute this statement. Let's run a select statement on the table to see whether we can read the data properly. So let me do a select star from the table here. And as you can see here, we've successfully managed to read the data. And we've given the column names as we wanted to. And also the data types. As you can see for the payment ID is an integer order, ID is integer timestamp, payment timestamp is timestamp, etc., which is brilliant. So this is one way of reading the data from external files And before we move on to the next step, let me quickly describe this table and show you whether the table is external or managed. In order to do that, you can run the command describe extended and you give the table name. So let me give that and let me execute this statement. And if I scroll down you'll be able to see that the type of the table here is external. And it should give you the location as well. And the location of the data is here. And also it's got this storage properties such as header is true and the delimiter is comma etc.. So if you are ever in doubt whether a table is external table or managed table, you can simply run the command describe extended and then you will be able to see all the details. Let's now move on to the next step. In this one, I want to demonstrate the effect of adding, updating or deleting files which are being used to create this external table. As we discussed, we can have an external solution which can change the files underneath. So I want to show you what happens when you query the table. And the data has been updated in the meantime. So let's go and delete one of the files. And then we'll try and query the data. Before that let me quickly copy this select statement and run it. And let's count the number of records as well so that you can see the effect. So I'm going to simply run this statement here. And as you can see here we've got 87 records. So let's now go over to the Azure portal. And I'm going to delete this file. So let me delete the 2020 5th January file. So that file no longer exists. So let me quickly go and run the same select statement now and let's see what happens. As you can see we got an error because in the metadata that's stored in the unit catalog, it says that there is another file that's required for this table which is payments underscore 2025 underscore 01. csv. That file no longer exists and we've deleted that file. So we've got an error. This kind of scenario can happen. So in this case we've deleted a file. But in most of the scenarios you will be adding new files. We'll see that in a minute as well. But when you are getting new files, if you get these kind of errors or when you can't read the data from the new file, that won't be ideal. So how do we fix that? In order to fix this issue, we need to refresh the metadata in unity catalog. There is a command that you can run to do that, which is called a refresh table. So let's run this command and then I'll talk you through. And when you run the refresh table command what happens is a spark again looks at the files and then it will refresh all the metadata. It's very similar to creating the external table again. At that time it would have created all the metadata for you. But now when you refresh the table it looks look to see whether all the data, all the metadata is still relevant. If not, it will just update the metadata for you. So let me run this command. And now let's run this select statement and it should succeed now. And as you can see it succeeded. But it's read fewer rows because we've deleted one of the files. So it's only read the other three files. And we got six zeros as opposed to 87. So let's put that file back and I'll show you what happens when you add a new file. So let me put that file back again. So I'm going to click upload. And then drag that file over to here. And that file is now uploaded. But let's go back to the notebook and let's execute the select statement without the refresh. Again I'm going to simply click on select. And as you can see it still says there are only six rows. That's because the metadata still has only three files. Spark and Unity catalog or Databricks itself doesn't know that there is another file. So we need to refresh the metadata so that it knows to read another file. In order to do that again, we can run the refresh table command. And then if you rerun the select statement, it will read all the 87 records as you can see there. So whenever you are using external tables to read the data, if you are creating the external table upfront and then you just execute in the select statements every day, make sure to refresh the table so that it's picking up all the new data that's available. So it's quite an important concept to know. So please make sure that you are using the refresh table command. Let's now move on to the last thing we wanted to do, which is to demonstrate the effect of dropping the table. So let me drop the table. And generally when you drop a table the underlying files are deleted. Right. But when you have an external table the underlying files are not deleted. The underlying files remain as they are. And Databricks only manages the metadata. So the Databricks would delete the table or drop the table from unity catalog, but the underlying data remains as it is. Let me open up the Catalog Explorer, and let's take a look at the tables which are being created. And if I go over to the catalog gizmo box and bronzes, the schema. As you can see we've got the payments table here. But when I drop the table the table would get dropped from unity catalog. So if I just simply go and refresh and that's disappeared from here. But if you go over to Azure portal, the files and the folder would remain as they are. As you can see, the payment folder is still there and all the files are still there as well. But if you were working with the manage table, all that data would be deleted as well. We'll look at that later. As I said, I just wanted to highlight the difference between external tables and managed tables when you come to drop the table. So let me go back to my notebook and I'm going to create that table back again because I need that data for later processing. So let me do that. And the table is now created. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.