Welcome back. The last data set we want to be able to query is the reference data stored in an Azure SQL database. In Databricks. There are two options available to access the data from an external database such as MySQL, Azure SQL, PostgreSQL, etc. the first one is via JDBC, using which you can create an external table in Databricks and query the data. At the time of recording. You can only create external tables via JDBC in a high metastore schema, and you can't do that in a unity catalog Metastore schema. If you are working with Unity Catalog, you can use Lakehouse Federation to access the tables directly from the external database. The Data Engineer Associate Certification exam currently requires you to understand why only accessing the data via JDBC. So let's focus on that. In this lesson, there are a few things we need to do here. Firstly, we need to set up the Azure SQL database environment. For that, we need to deploy the Azure SQL database server and create the refunds table and insert some data. We can then create the external table in Databricks and query the data from the Azure SQL database via external tables. Let's start by setting up the Azure SQL database environment, and then I'll show you how to create an external table in Databricks to access that data in Azure SQL. Let's get started. Here we are in the Azure portal. Let's go over to the top left menu and click create a Resource. And let's search for SQL database in the marketplace. And let me select SQL database from here. And let's click create. And this wizard will guide us through the information that's required to create the SQL database that we need. And I'm going to go with my standard subscription here. And I'm going to use the same resource group that we've been using for the entire course. And we need to provide a name for the database. I'm going to go for Gizmo box DB. And let's give the server details. I don't have a database server already, so we need to create a new one. So you will have to create a new one when you come to do this. So let's click Create New here. And we need to give a name for the server. The server name has to be unique across all Azure resources. So I'm going to go with Gizmo box hyphen SRB. But that name might not be available when you come to create your server. So give a slightly different name if it's not available. So let me give mine. And that's available for me. But as I said, just add a few numbers or characters just to make it unique when you come to use it for yourself. And we need a location, I'm going to go with the standard location that I've been using, which is UK South and the authentication method. There are a couple of options available, but let's keep it simple. And I'm going to go with SQL authentication. That will require a username and a password. So I'm going to use a simple username. I'm going to again call it as Gizmo box admin. Lets go for gizmo box ADM here. And again give a password that you can remember. Let's click okay now. And we don't need an elastic pool. So we can leave that as null. And we just need the workload in a development environment. So let's select that. Production will be a bit more expensive. So we don't want that. And we can configure the compute and storage here. Uh it's already given us the cheapest compute available. But let's reduce the storage as well. So we're not paying unnecessarily. So let me click on Configure Database. And we can leave the general purpose most budget friendly option here. And serverless is good enough. But as you can see this cost us about $5.50. Uh, but let's go down and try and reduce the storage because we don't need 32 gig, we just need a gigabyte or even less than that. So I'm going to simply pull it back to one gigabyte here. And let's take a look here. As you can see, it's going to only cost us $0.17 for storage per month. But once you've done your course, you can just simply delete this SQL database and you're going to be charged for compute for whenever you access. But that is very little, so you won't be spending too much money on that. So let me quickly click apply here. And again a backup storage. We just have to have locally redundant which is the cheapest option. And let's click through to networking. And we need to be able to access this SQL database. So let's enable public endpoint here. And let's select Allow Azure Services and resources to access this server as well as add the current IP address. So when we say we are adding the current IP address, it is the current IP address of your local workstation. So that will have access to this SQL database. So let's select that as well. So we can directly access the SQL database if we need to. And that's everything you need to do. You can simply click create here. So I'm going to click review Plus create and click create. The deployment is now complete. And we've successfully created the Azure SQL Database Server and the SQL database. Let's go to resource. And we can log in to our database and create the table that we need. So we're here in the SQL database gizmo box DB as you can see here. And you can go over to the query editor. So as you can see on the left hand side menu and log in to the database. So I'm going to use the login as gizmo box admin because that's what I used as my admin username. And I need to provide the password. Let me do that and let's click okay to login. So I've logged into the database now, and there are no tables or views in the database at the moment, but we need to create our refunds table. So let me copy and paste the statements I've got here and let me walk you through. So I've got a create table statement to create that reference table. And that's going to have six different columns here. And I've got a insert statement which will insert the data that we need for our little project here. And there are about ten records as well. So let me run these statements and create the table and insert the data. And the table is now created and the data has been inserted as well. I just want to let you know that I'm going to give you these statements as part of the resources in the course, so you'll be able to download and execute those statements as well. And let me quickly run a select statement to ensure that the data is there. So as you can see, we've got the ten records and we should be able to see the table in the browser here as well. So the tables are created and under the default schema called dbo and the tables there which is brilliant. So now the next thing is to be able to read the data in Databricks. At the moment Databricks has no idea how to access this table, but we can create an external table to read that data. So let's do that. Let's go over to the Databricks workspace and create the external table. As you can see again I've created a new notebook for this lesson called Extract Reference Data. And as I said I want to demonstrate a couple of things. Firstly we need to create the bronze schema in the hive Metastore. As we said, we are going to be working with hive Metastore rather than Unity Catalog in this lesson because Unity Catalog doesn't allow you to use JDBC to connect to external databases. You need to use hive Metastore instead. If you want to work with Unity Catalog, you'll have to use Lakehouse House Federation. So let me go over to the Catalog Explorer and show you the schemas currently in the hive Metastore. Let me click expand. And as you can see here, the only schema currently exists in hive Metastore is the default schema. But I want to create a separate one. We can create the tables in the default schema, but it's always better to give properly named schemas and keep your objects there so that it's easy to maintain. So let's create the bronze schema within our high Metastore. I'm going to go over to our notebook. And again creating the schema is quite straightforward. As we saw previously. It will be create schema if not exist, so that you can rerun the code again and you need to give the name of the schema. I'm going to give a qualified name because um, we're going to create it under hive Metastore. Either you can use use catalog command and say use Catalog Hive Metastore. Or you can just give the two level namespace for this. So I'm going to use the two level namespace which will be Bee hive metastore dot bronze. So it will be created under hive metastore. So let me click create. As I said, you can use hive Metastore dot bronze or you can use the command use catalog hive Metastore and then run this as Create Schema Bronze. The choice is yours. Some people prefer doing it this way, some do it the other way. So it's up to you. Really. So the schema is now created. Let me go over to Catalog Explorer and make sure it's there. I can simply refresh this just to see that. And as you can see the schema is now created. We simply have to create the external table in the schema. Creating the external table is similar to what we did in the previous lesson, but the options are slightly different because we are using the JDBC uh connection rather than the CSV file format that we saw previously. So let me show you that. So we start with the keywords create table. And I'm going to use if not exist anyway. And as we discussed we are going to create under hive Metastore and the schema is bronze. And let's call our table name as refunds because that's what that's how it is called in the SQL database. And here you can give the list of column names and data types. But I'm going to just inherit the column names and data types from the SQL database and use them. They're good enough for us. So I'm going to leave that. And it is optional anyway. So I'm going to use the JDBC file format here. So using JDBC. And then we need to provide the options. The options are vastly different to what we saw previously for the CSV file format. So first one is the URL. So we need to provide the URL for the JDBC connection. So in order to do in order to get that you can go over to your database. Again let me go to the database. This is the database and click on overview. And you can select the connection strings here. Show database connection strings. And go over to JDBC and you will be able to get the JDBC connection string. Get the first part of it. It goes up to the database name. So let me quickly copy that. So you copy up to database name. And that's what goes under URL. So that is the server name here. And the port 1433. And then the database name. So let me go back to my notebook. And I'm going to simply paste it here in single quotes. And let's do a comma. And we need to provide the other parameters as well. So we need the database table name here. So that goes under the DB table options. And we need the name of the table as well which is refunds. And we need the user. So the user that we created is gizmo box ADM I think. And the next options we want to give is the password. So I'm going to hard code the password. Generally you can use a database secrets to keep the passwords and things like that. But we're going to keep it simple and just hard. Code the password here. So I've just pasted my password I'm going to change it as soon as I finish recording this lesson so that it's not been compromised. And let me close the brackets here. And that's everything you need. So as you can see it's using the keywords create table if not exist and the table name. And then we give the format which is JDBC. And then the options in the options you give the URL. And the URL has the server details. So this is my server name and the port and the database name here. And we give the database table name here and the username and the password. So let me execute this statement. The external table is now created. Let's query the external table to see whether we can read the data from our SQL database. So let me run a select statement here. And as you can see, we've successfully managed to read the data from our Azure SQL database in Databricks. It's as easy as this. And let me also describe the table to show you that it's an external table rather than a managed table. So let me quickly do the describe extended command. And as you can see we got the column names and the data types as we expected to see. And also it's created under the catalog hive Metastore and the database bronze. And the table name is refunds. And the type is external. And we're using the provider JDBC which is brilliant. With that we've successfully managed to create an external table on the database table in an external database, which is Azure SQL in this case, and successfully read all the data. If you're working with PostgreSQL or MySQL, you will be doing exactly the same kind of things, but your URLs and things like that will be slightly different. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.