Welcome back. The Data Engineer Associate certification expects us to be able to work with Python as well. So you don't need to be an expert in Python, but you need to be aware of some of the things that you can use to extract data, run SQL commands and things like that. So I'm going to give you some of those fundamentals here which are relevant for extracting data. But we'll look at transformations and things like that later on in the next section of the course. So the first thing I want to take you through is how to run SQL commands from Python. As you can see here, I've created a new notebook. And I've set the default language as Python because we are going to run right most of the commands in Python. And let's say I want to read the file customers, which we've done using SQL statements. But we want to do that in Python. But again I want to use the same SQL command. In order to do that, spark gives us a function called spark SQL. So you can just simply wrap around your SQL commands within spark SQL and do that. So let me do that. And to which you need to feed in the SQL command. In this case we're going to write the Select statement. So that will be select star from. And as we know the customers file is a JSON file. So I've just used JSON here. And we need to give a Backtick. And we need to give the folder path. So I'm going to give the folder path here which is in the volumes operational data. Let me give that and let me execute this statement that's successfully executed. As you can see we haven't got the result set from the file itself. Instead we've got a data frame. So you can use that data frame and use PySpark to manipulate the data and do everything that you need to do. But let's see how to display that data. So you can assign this to another variable. So that variable will be a data frame now. So df here will be a data frame as you can see here. and you can use the display command to display the contents of a data frame. So let me do that and let me execute this. And you will see the result set now. But as I said before you can now use this data frame variable DF and manipulate the data frame and do the transformations and things like that. And finally you can write to another table if you wanted to. So this is a means of using SQL commands to generate the data frame, spark data frames and use them in Python or Scala basically. So let's now look at using a DDL statement. Here we've used a Select statement. But again you can do the same with create statements as well. So let's say I want to create a temporary view from this. So again I'm going to simply copy this statement and I'll show you that. And I'm going to use the keywords create or replace temporary view. And that's all you need to do. But that looks a bit odd. So let me format The command here, which is the select statement. And that will be create or replace as. And then I'm going to bring that to the next line as well. In order to deal with multi lines in Python, you'll have to use the triple quote rather than a single quote. So I'm going to just do that here and let me execute this statement here. And that's successfully executed. So we have got the temporary view that's created here. And you can use normal SQL to access the data from that one. So let me switch to the SQL execution. So I'm using the magic command percentage SQL. And I can simply say select star from TV underscore customers. And I'll be able to see the data. As you can see, we are quite easily switching between Python and SQL using the spark SQL method. That's one thing to be aware of, but when you're working with PySpark, you'll generally be using the Data Frame Reader API to read any data. It is really flexible. It gives you lots of options and you'll be able to easily deal with any kind of files. It can be CSV, JSON or even unstructured files. So let me show you the documentation for that. So this is the documentation for the data frame reader API. As you can see it gives you various methods here like CSV format, JDBC, all of those methods. And you can use them to deal with any kind of data. So let's take one example. Let's say we want to, uh, read a JSON file. And in the JSON method you can pass in parameters. So that can be path. You can give a schema and you can give any extra options as well. And that gives you a lot of documentation here as well. So I would encourage you to quickly take a look at this documentation for other methods as well. So let's take a look at the CSV one. As you can see here, you can use the method spark dot read dot CSV. And you can pass in the data here, but you can give a file path as well, and a schema and any other options you want it to give. Let's say we want to again read our JSON data, which is our customers data. In order to do that, you simply have to call this data frame reader API. So let me do that. So that'll be spark dot read dot. You can use JSON or you can use format method. I'm going to use the format method and pass in the parameter value as JSON, because that tells the data frame reader that the format of the file that we are looking to read is the JSON file, and you give the load method with the file path. So in this case, file path is our volume pointing to the customers folder. So that's all you need to do. If you execute it again you're going to get a data frame. So as you can see the data frame has been returned. And you can assign that to a variable which is a data frame variable. And you can just simply display the contents of the data frame using the display command. So let me execute that. And I missed the parameter to the display command which should be df. And let me execute it again. And as you can see we've successfully read the customer's file. And it's passed the data as well because it's a JSON file. And we've specified the format as JSON, and we've got the result that we expected to see. So please be aware of the data frame reader reader API to read any data. So that's the main API that we'll be using to extract data from your files generally. The third thing I want to show you is the spark dot table function. So if you have a table and you're working in Python and you want to read that as a data frame, you can use the spark dot table function. It's really straightforward. So you use spark dot table and then feed in the name of the table. In this case let's say we want to read the data from our addresses. View that we created in our bronze schema. We simply have to give the three level namespace for the addresses view. So that'll be gizmo box dot bronze dot v underscore addresses. Because that was a view. And again that's going to return a data frame as you can see here. And you can simply assign that to a variable and just display that here if you wanted to. But when you're working on ETL projects, you'll be taking that data frame and doing any kind of transformations you need to do. And then write that back to a silver table or a gold table, for example. We will be looking at transformations in the next section of the course. But for now, be aware that these functions do exist, and you can just simply use them when you need them. And that's everything I wanted to take you through in terms of, uh, working with Python when it comes to extracting data. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.