So a new concept you need to know for the exam is the concept of ECS tasks placements. So when you create a task of type EC2, ECS must figure out where to place the task based on the available memory, CPU and ports on your target EC2 instances. So for example, here is our ECS cluster made of three EC2 instances and some tasks are placed on each instance in some ways. If the ECS service has a new container a new task that it wants to place on your EC2 instances, it needs to figure out where to place it. And that's the big question mark. So similarly, whenever a service scales in I mean that we remove an ECS task, the ECS service needs to determine which ECS task to terminate. Okay. So to assist you with this you can define what's called a task placement strategy and task placement constraints. And this will guide where this new container will be added or where a container will be removed from. This is only working for when you use ECS launched on EC2 instances, not for Fargate, because for Fargate AWS figures out for you where to start the container and you don't manage any backend instances. Okay. So this is only valid for ECS on EC2. Okay. Now let's talk about the task placement process. Okay. So the first thing to note is that task placement strategies are a best effort. If you wanted to have constraints we'll see this very very soon. Okay. So when ECS places tasks it will use the following process to select where to place it. The first one is that it will identify instances that satisfy the CPU, memory and port requirements in the task definition. So figure out where it can place the task in the first place. Then it will look at the task placement constraints that we'll see in this lecture. And then finally, it will try to identify the instance that satisfies best the task placement strategy. And then it will select that instance for the task placement and place the task there. So now let's talk about what these task placement strategies are. The first one that you need to know for the exam that comes up is called binpack. And binpack will place tasks based on the least available amount of CPU or memory. And this is to help you minimize the number of instances in use. So this will bring you cost saving. So if you want to define a binpack placement strategy this is the JSON that's according to it. So it's here. It says binpack on the field memory so RAM. And so that means that if we have one EC2 instance, it's going to try to fill up that EC2 instance all the way with containers. And then when it can't put any more containers on that one EC2 instance, it's going to place EC2 containers on another EC2 instance. So as you can see here we are placing as many containers as possible on one EC2 instance before moving on to the other. That's why it's called binpack because it packs all the containers together. And that's the strategy that brings the most cost saving because it will minimize the number of EC2 instances in use and try to maximize the utilization of one EC2 instance at a time. Okay? Next the task placement strategy for random. So here very simple, it places the tasks randomly. So if we look at this placement strategy in JSON it's very simple. And so say we have two EC2 instance and tasks are being added then they would just be placed randomly. And there is no logic to it, just random, very very simple. Not an optimal strategy, but one that works really great. Okay. The last placement version to be aware of is called spread. So say we have three EC2 instances and they are in three different availability zones. Then, if we do a spread the task will be spread based on the specified value. So for example, that value could be instance ID or ECS availability zones and so on. So in this example I'll make it very simple and understandable. We choose a placement strategy of spread on the ECS availability zones. That means that the task will be spread evenly across AZs. So my first task may be on AZ-A then AZ-B, then AZ-C. And so they're spread as you can see on each AZ and then it will start all over again. So with this, we have basically maximized the high availability of our ECS service by spreading the task on the EC2 instances. So, these task placement strategies they can be mixed together. So we can have a spread on availability zone and then a spread on instance ID or we can have a spread on availability zone and then a binpack on memory. So it is possible for you to mix and match. But the exam should test you only on the basics. So understanding the difference between binpack spread and random. And then we have ECS task placement constraints to bring constraints to how tasks are being placed. So, the first one is called distinctInstance and we are seeing through the ECS service that each task should be placed on a different container instance. So you will never have two tasks on the same instance. And this is defined by this JSON called placement constraints distinctInstance. And then there is a second task constraint called memberOf and we want to place task on instances that satisfy an expression that can be defined in the cluster query language, which is pretty advanced. And so I'll just give you one concrete example of it and that should be enough going into the exam. So for example, we do a placement constraint here and we wanna say that the instance type must be of type t2. And so what we are saying here is that all these tasks should be placed only on t2 instances. So this is the kind of constraints you can use with a memberOf. So we have distinctInstance which is very easy to understand and memberOf with a more complicated cluster query language to force your task to be for example only on EC2 instances. Okay. That's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.