Okay, So I am in CloudWatch logs and we can see all the log groups we have right now. So as you can see, we have eight of them and they were created by some services. For example, this one was created by Lambda. This one was created by datasync. This one was created by glue and this one was created by us when we did do an SSM runCommand and we wanted the output to be populated in this log group. So, if we take a look at this example, for example, we have six log streams and so each of them represents a different instance that we did run a specific run command on. So, this is the same runcommond ID across the six. Here, we have a different instance ID for each of the six, so two and two and then we have, stdout and stderr. So if you look at stdout, we can look at all the logs that was generated by this command and we can have a look at all the log lines and so on. So this is quite (indistinct). And the idea is that, from the log for example, you can look through the keyword http and it would show you all the log lines that contain the word htp. If you just look for the word installing, for example, it will show you just maybe two or three log lines that contain the word installing. So that's certainly (indistinct). And so we have, for stdout, stderr, so we can see really the idea behind different log streams. Now, we can create metric filters in here, and these metric filters is a way for us to find a filter pattern. For example, installing. Okay, And then we need to select for example, a custom data, for example, this log stream and then we test a pattern and it's going to give us three matches out of five in the simple logs. Now, if you went ahead with entering this filter name, as we can see, it could call it DemoFilter and DemometricFilter. And this is a new namespace, okay. And here is DemoMetric. So this is DemoMetric filter namespace, and this is a DemometricFilter. And then, the metric value, okay. When there is a filter pattern or matching occur and so, you can say one for example, to add one and to count how many times this installing lines have been filmed. And the default value and the unit if you want it to, then click on next, create and this will give you a new metrics so, if you went into CloudWatch metric right here and we're going to clear this graph and we're going to find a new metrics. So let's refresh this page. Maybe this is going to help us. Okay, so if we go to all new spaces, as soon as this metric filter would appear, it would appear right here and we could visualize it. But currently, because we don't send any log output, then we don't see it. But the idea is that, we could create an alarm on top of this metric filter So we can click on create alarm. and this would allow us to create an alarm in case, for example, a metric went over a specific value and again, this metric is calculated based on the filter from the log streams. We could also create subscription filters. So as you can see here, we can create a filter for different outcomes. So Elasticsearch, Kinesis, datastreams, Kinesis Firehose or a Lambda subscription filter if you want to send data into custom lambda functions. And, we can create up to two subscription filters per log group according to this, okay. Now, we can also edit the retention settings. So, we can see that the logs can never expire all the way up to 120 months. Okay, so 10 years. And then, we can also export the data into Amazon S3. So you can click on export data You can choose a range of data to export and then, the stream prefix, if you wanted to just get specific log streams, and then the S3 buckets and the bucket prefix, and you'd be good to go. And the finally, in here, you can create a log group (indistinct) demo-log-group. Okay, you can set up the retention settings. KMS key, if you wanted to encrypt that log group and then click on create. And so, the encryption setting would appear then here, if a KMS key ID was specified. Okay and then finally, CloudWatch Logs Insights, is allowing you to use a nice query language to query some specific log groups. So for example, we can create this one and run the query. And then, this is not going to give us any data because we're looking for data from the past hour. But if we look at data from the past 60 days and run this query, maybe we'll find something. So you can see, we found 18 records from this query. And so, this gives us a nice query language to start gaining some insights on top of our logs. And on top of it, you can export the results if you want it to. And on the right hand side, you can see that you can save your queries. Okay? So you can query and save them here. Or, you can look at some simple queries and view the use cases of losing log insights for example, view the latency statistics for a five minute interval on Lambda, or get the top 10 by transfers by source and destination IP addresses for VPC flow logs. So it gives you, for example, if you should click on these, some nice insights to how the query language works for CloudWatch logs insights. So this is CloudWatch logs. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.