So now let's talk about VPC endpoints and they are at the core of the exam, so super important for you to know about them. These endpoints allow you to connect to AWS services using a private network instead of going over the public internet network, like you usually do. These VPC endpoints will scale horizontally and they will be redundant so that you can survive the loss of an availability zone. So you don't need to manage internet gateways or NAT gateways then to access services because you don't access them over the public internet anymore. You access them privately. So that means that an EC2 instance in the private subnet has the chance, for example, through a VPC endpoint gateway, to access Amazon S3 and DynamoDB. So VPC endpoint gateway only support S3 and DynamoDB. So this way, as you can see, no NAT gateway is needed, no internet gateway is needed, just the VPC endpoint gateway and you're good to go. Next we have the VPC endpoint interface, which supports all services. So for example, if you wanted to privately access CloudWatch, for example, to push metrics and logs from a private EC2 instance onto CloudWatch, what you would do is that you would create a VPC endpoint interface, which is an ENI that will live in your private subnet. And then by connecting to this ENI, we will be connected directly to the CloudWatch service. In case you're having issues with VPC endpoints, you must check the DNS setting resolution in your VPC because it leverages the DNS in the backend to make it transparent for your applications. And also you must check the route tables to make sure, for example, when you have a VPC endpoint gateway, that the correct routing is in place. Let's do a drill down into now the VPC endpoint gateway. So this only works for S3 and DynamoDB, and you must create one gateway per VPC. So for this, you must update the route tables entries so you don't manage any security groups. All you do is network-related. The gateway is going to be defined at the VPC level. So for example, we'll have a VPC endpoint gateway for S3, and then this EC2 instance, to be able to access this VPC endpoint gateway, you must define a route table. And this route table will contain, for example, as you can see here on the second line, the fact that the destination is for Amazon S3, and that the target goes through this VPC endpoint gateway. And therefore, thanks to this route table, whenever the EC2 instance tries to connect to the S3 service, it will be routed through the VPC endpoint gateway. For this to work, you must make sure that the DNS resolution is enabled at the VPC level because this is also leveraging DNS names. Then once you have this in place, you can use the public host name for Amazon S3 to access it privately because well, the routing will happen on the private internet on your private network no matter what. Now this VPC endpoint gateway, it cannot be extended out of your VPC. So VPN connections do not work. Direct Connect does not work. Transit gateway does not work, or VPC peering does not work. That's why you have to create one VPC endpoint per gateway per VPC you have, if you have multiple VPCs. VPC endpoints interface are slightly different, they provide you an elastic network interface, ENI, that will have a private endpoint interface host name. This way, it's going to leverage the security groups for security, and you're going to have a private DNS, which is a setting when you create the endpoint. That means that the public host name of your service is going to resolve to the private endpoint interface host name. So you must make sure that the VPC settings enable DNS host names and enable DNS support are set to true. And then for Athena, where you will get this URL. This one, this one, which are AZ-specific URL before that was a region-specific URL, as well as a public URL, which is going to resolve to the private DNS names above. So your clients can use, for example, athena.us-east-1.amazonaws.com, to resolve to any of the top addresses on the top. Now these interfaces can be accessed as well from outside your VPC. So if you have Direct Connect or a site-to-site VPN, it is completely possible for your on-premises application to access services on AWS through these interfaces. So to summarize, we have a VPC in which we enable the DNS support and the DNS host name settings. And then we have a private subnet with an EC2 instance in which we create a VPC endpoint interface that will get a specific IP. Automatically upon creating the VPC endpoint interface, the DNS names are going to be registered within the private Route 53 Resolver. And so whenever your EC2 instance will ask, for example, hey, where can I find athena.us-east-1.amazonaws.com, well, the thing will reply, you should access it through this IP address of type A, which is 10.0.0.10, and this IP address is going to point directly to the VPC endpoint interface, and therefore, will be accessing Athena privately. So this is all transparent for your applications as long as you enable DNS settings. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.