So let's go through some very tricky examples of how we can access services of AWS through VPC endpoints. The first one is CodeDeploy. So CodeDeploy is a way to deploy new application versions onto your EC2 instances, for example. And these EC2 instances, they're going to run the CodeDeploy agent, and the CodeDeploy agent is going to be making API calls to the CodeDeploy service. Now obviously if your EC2 instance is in a private subnet then this agent must have networking capability to the CodeDeploy service. Now, it turns out that there are two kinds of VPC interface endpoints that are required. The first one is an interface endpoint directly into the CodeDeploy service itself. This is for all CodeDeploy API operations. The second VPC interface endpoint that's going to be required for EC2 types of deployments is the one called codedeploy-commands-secure, which is going to allow to have CodeDeploy agent operations because CodeDeploy is going to be sending some commands directly to the agent on the EC2 instance. And so as you can see, two VPC endpoints may be required for CodeDeploy. So just to give you some comparison, if you're deploying on EC2 instances you must have access to both VPC interface endpoint, one for the CodeDeploy API operations and the second one for the ones related to the agent. But if you're using CodeDeploy to deploy to ECS or Lambda you only need access to the CodeDeploy APIs themselves, not this second VPC interface endpoint. That is only reserved for EC2 instances. The next service that you may have questions on is Secrets Manager. So with Secrets Manager, say we have a Lambda function and it wants to access privately the Secrets of Secrets Manager, for example, to get a database password. If your Lambda function is deployed in a private subnet you must also deploy a VPC interface endpoint of Secrets Manager in this private subnet. This will allow the Lambda function to get the database password through the VPC endpoint onto Secrets Manager and then to privately connect, for example, to a private RDS database instance. If you didn't want to use a VPC interface endpoint you would need to set up NAT gateways and internet gateways to access from Lambda the Secrets Manager service, and that may be more complicated. So with this setup everything goes privately and works really well. Another service is the SSM Session Manager. So with the SSM service, we can connect to EC2 instances using Session Manager. And these EC2 instances, they may reside in private subnets without internet access. So, again, how do we do this? Well, first of all we need multiple VPC interface endpoints. The first one is the SSM service itself. So this service must allow the inbound 443 port on the security group to allow secure connections. The second one is the SSM Session Manager VPC interface endpoint called SSM Messages. And again, it must allow the port 443 for inbound connections. Therefore, because your EC2 instances is going to access both these VPC interface endpoints, you must allow at least the port 443 outbound on your security group of your EC2 instance so that all these things can communicate together. Then we're going to need a VPC interface endpoint for EC2 messages because we have the SSM agent and we need access to SSM commands. If you're using KMS you're going to get optional KMS encryption by using the VPC interface endpoint for KMS. There's also CloudWatch Logs in VPC endpoint in case you're sending the logs to CloudWatch Logs, or Amazon S3 if you're using Amazon S3 for these logs. Finally, if you're using an S3 Gateway Endpoint and everything is private you must update the route tables as well. So as you can see, a lot of things are required for Session Manager, but that should make sense to you, considering how it works. Next, for Patch Manager, something similar. So we need to have access to the SSM service itself with its own VPC interface endpoints, and then there will be one called the SSM Commands VPC interface endpoint. called EC2 Messages, which is going to allow the SSM service to send commands into our EC2 instance. So the network security is similar as before, and again, to get these patches now, you must also get them from Amazon S3, and so therefore we'll need a VPC gateway endpoint for Amazon S3, and updating these tables, of course, when you have a VPC gateway endpoint. And finally, because this VPC endpoint must access your patches, you must authorize through this VPC endpoint policy several buckets. The first one is the patch-baseline-snapshot for your specified region. The second one is the aws-ssm for your specified region, or any other S3 bucket required by SSM. And finally, if you wanted to send the logs of the Patch Manager utility to CloudWatch Logs you must have your own VPC interface endpoint as well. Next, you should know how VPC endpoints work for the API Gateway. So if you define a private REST API in API Gateway, you can only access it using the VPC interface endpoint. There's no way around it. So that means that in this diagram, what's missing is the VPC interface endpoint for the execute API endpoint. So once we have this in place, then the EC2 instance can access our private API. Of course, for it to work, we must have the correct VPC endpoint policies, and they must use together with the API gateway resource policies. So that means that using a resource policy, you can actually restrict access to your private API from a specific VPC or VPC endpoint. So this is the kind of API resource policy you can have in which you're saying, hey I'll allow anyone to execute this API but you cannot invoke it if you don't come from the specified VPC, thanks to this condition. All right, that's it. You've seen several examples. A bit redundant, but hopefully you get the point and you understand the whole complexity and power of VPC interface endpoints. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.