Let's talk about field level encryption. So this is to protect sensitive information through the application stack and this adds an additional level of security alongside using encryption in flight using HTTPS. So the idea is that anytime sensitive information is sent by the user, the edge location is going to encrypt it and it will only be able to be decrypted if someone has access to a private key, and therefore this will be using asymmetric encryption. So how does it work? Well, in the POST requests being made to Amazon CloudFront, then there will be a set of fields that we want to be encrypted up to 10 fields, for example, a credit card, and then we'll specify the public key to encrypt them with. So let's go through an example. We have a client talking over HTTPS through edge location, which will be forwarding it to the CloudFront service using HTTPS again and then it will go all the way to the origin using HTTPS to your application balancer, which will forward all the data using HTTPS to your web server. So everything is encrypted in flight, but we want to specify field level encryption. So say, for example, that our user is sending us some credit card information, and this is the one in orange right now. We specify that we want to have field level encryption for the credit card information and therefore the edge location will encrypt that field using a public key. So now the data being passed from the edge location to Amazon CloudFront to the origin will have the credit card information being encrypted thanks to the public key. And so the information will be passed all along until the web server, and then the web server will have access to the private key and will be able to decrypt that encrypted field using the private key to decrypt and get the credit card number. As we can see, all along the stack, none of the CloudFront's location and application balancer will have the opportunity to decrypt that field. Only the web server will need to have some custom application logic to decrypt that field. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.