Let's talk about Route 53 DNSSEC. But before I introduce a solution, let me expose in a simplified version the problem. So we have DNS poisoning or spoofing. It's a type of attack. So for example say we have our web server, it's hosting the website we want, for example.com. And it is at a specific IP 9.10.11.12. So the web browser of a client is going to ask the local DNS server for example.com. Then the local DNS server needs to actually get the record for it. So it's going to figure out that Route 53 has, on its DNS, the solution for where example.com is located. So it's going to ask, for example.com and Route 53 is going to return well, it's the IP 9.10.11.12. Okay. Fair enough. But then a hacker through some process manages to inject the value example.com equals 21.22.23.24 in our local DNS server. And this is because, to very much simplify it, the DNS works on the UDP protocol which makes it somewhat easy to hack and also when we don't have a DNSSEC there is no cryptographic DNS verification process. So therefore our local DNS server has been spoofed and now is going to return to our web browser, the wrong IP. So 21.22.23.24. And therefore the web browser is going to think it accesses the correct server but actually it accesses a malicious website at a different IP. So that's call DNS poisoning and spoofing and DNSSEC actually is going to help mitigate that issue. So DNSSEC is for DNS Security Extension and it's a protocol that helps you secure DNS traffic to verify the DNS data integrity as well at its origin. It only works when the hosted zones are public, so for public domain names. So Route 53 is going to support DNSSEC both for domain registration and signing of the DNS records. So the DNSSEC signing is the ability to validate that a DNS response actually came from Route 53 and has not been tempered with. So no record has been injected. And how does it work? Well, Route 53 is going to sign each record in the hosted zone using a private key. And then the clients can verify with a public key that the signature is correct. So the client needs to have some sort of logic to understand the DNSSEC process. So we have two keys happening within the DNSSEC process. And the first one is managed by you and you must remember it. It is the key signing key, the KSK, and it's based on an asymmetric CMK that you create in KMS. So this key is managed by you and then you have another one managed by AWS which is call the ZSK, the zone signing key. And you must know which one is yours. So the one we manage is the KSK. The ZSK is managed by Route 53 directly. So when you enable Route 53 there's going to be some DNS signing in DNSSEC and so therefore you can verify cryptographically your records. And there's also a second measure of security which is that the TTL becomes at most one week for all records in the hosted zone. And if you have a TTL of less than one week, then they're not affected, of course. So the exam may ask you, "How do you enable DNSSEC on a hosted zone?" So first one you need to prepare for DNSSEC signing that needs make sure that the zone availability is working good. That means that the DNS is responding correctly. And this is done through customer feedback. Then you lower the TTL for all your records to, for example, one hour and you lower the TTL of the SOA to, the SOA minimum, sorry, to five minutes. So this is to prepare for DNSSEC signing. Then you are going to enable DNSSEC signing on your hosted zone and you're going to create a key signing key, a KSK. So to enable DNSSEC you can use the console or the CLI. And then Route 53 is going to create a KSK for us and we link it to a customer managed CMK from KMS. So once this is done, we have enabled DNSSEC signing but that's not all. You need to establish a chain of trust. And I will show you in the next slide what that means, visually. So chain of trust means that the hosted zone, where we enable DNSSEC, is going to tell the parent hosted zone to trust it. And this is done by creating a delegation signer, DS, record in the parent zone. So it's very important. The parent zone must have a record to trust the child zone. So the DS record contains a hash of the public key that's used to sign DNS records and that's how the trust is established. So your registrar that needs to trust your child zone could be, for example, Route 53, or it could be a third party registrar. So once we've done that, we are signing all the records using the key from step two. And from step three, the parent hosted zone knows to trust that signing key thanks to the delegation signer, DS, record that we insert in the parent zone. And then finally, a very good to have in this setup is to monitor for errors using CloudWatch Alarms so you can create CloudWatch Alarms for two specific type of metrics and they can come in the exam. We have the DNSSEC internal failure and the DNSSEC key signing key needing action. Okay, so all these things allow you to enable DNSSEC. To remember them, okay: step one, step two, three, and four. And what is a chain of trust just to understand? So in a DNS way, when we, for example, query for a specific record, we're first going to go to the root DNS server which is going to point to the TLD DNS server's .com. Then the registrar, for example, for example.com on Route 53, then the hosted zone, which contains the records. And maybe if we have a second hosted zone in there that is a sub.example.com, then we may have children of children of hosted zones. So the chain of trust can only work if all of these DNS servers along the way are DNSSEC aware. So what's happening is that the root DNS server is going to have a trust on the TLD DNS server. And then the TLD DNS server is going to trust the registrar. And then we set up DNSSEC on the hosted zone and we insert a DS record so that the registrar trusts the hosted zone. And then if we have a sub hosted zone, we insert, again in the parent hosted zone, we insert a DNS DS record to trust the sub hosted zone and so on. And so that means that your client when it does its queries, is going to query every DNS server all at once. And then all along the way, thanks to this chain of trust, we can verify each DNS response and we can make sure, and this is of course some logic implemented in the libraries you're already using, we can verify that all these units responses have been encrypted correctly and signed correctly, thanks to the associated public key. And this is how DNSSEC works. So that was a pretty long lecture but hopefully now you understand how this works. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.