So we know about health checks, but let's do a deeper dive. So the ALB is connected to a target group with three instances, and then we can set up health checks from the ALB or the target group itself. So in terms of settings, we have seen there are multiple settings. So at first, the protocol, HTTP, for example, which is going to use HTTP protocol to talk to your backend instances to do the health check. The port is where to talk to your instances. So 80 is by default, which is the HTTP port, but you can customize that. The check path, okay, the health check path, is where you want that there send the request to. So slash means that there is to, send it to the root of the websites, but many websites or applications have a slash health route, and this really helps to just have a specific health check route to test something specific on the EC2 instance. The check timeout, which is how long to consider the health check failed, which is five seconds by default. So after five seconds, then the health check will be considered failed. The interval, which is how often the target group or the ALB will perform the health check, and so if you set it to something very, very low, maybe your application will be overwhelmed. So 30 seconds is a good timeout, is a good interval for health checks, but you can decrease this, of course, the healthy threshold counts, which is how many times the health check must be successful before considering a target is healthy, and the unhealthy threshold counts, which is how many times the health checks should be unhealthy in a row, before considering that the instance is unhealthy, okay. So in terms of status for the health, we have initial when the target is being registered healthy, unhealthy, unused, which is when the target is not registered, draining, when you are de-registering the targets, unavailable when the health checks have been disabled and then something that's good to know from an exam perspective is that if a target group contains only unhealthy targets, okay, then the ELB will route request across all the unhealthy targets, just because maybe it assumes that the health check is wrong, but maybe the health, the instance can still work for some cases, okay. This is a best effort scenario. So that's it, now let me show you this in the UI. So here I am in my target group and I can edit the health check settings that are clear from my target group. And as we can see, we can have the health check protocol to be HTTP or HTTPS for this load balancer. We have check path. This is where to send the request to. So it could be slash health, for example, if it is programmed by your application, and then the Advanced Health Setting. So we can do a traffic port override in case the health check is on a different port on your institute instance, if you want it to. The Healthy threshold counts, okay. So a lower, healthy threshold will make the instance go in, in activation faster. An unhealthy threshold, again, the lower number, the faster an instance will be considered unhealthy. The timeout is really depending on how often you, how fast you expect your health check to happen. Some health checks can be very, very long. So this is why you can have a large timeout, but some health check can be very, very quick. And so setting something like two seconds could be good as well. If it's a simple HTTP request, the interval is how fast to send the objects. So again, a faster interval means that the instance will be put in healthy state or unhealthy state faster as well as the code. So it could be any HTTP code you want. Okay, sometimes you just don't send back 200, you send back a specific code for your health checks. So you can specify this as well. So fairly simple, and in this example, when my target group, if you look at the targets, there has three of them to be unhealthy and healthy. And this refresh that's sort of, three of them are healthy. And for health checks, you can see the health check settings right here, okay. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.