So let's have a look at all the options you can set on a target group because they're necessary to be known at the exam. So the first one is the deregistration delay, and this is a timeout you have specified in seconds, which is corresponding to the time the load balancer has to wait before deregistering a target. And we've seen this before. Then there is slow start, which is expressed in seconds. And I'll discuss in the next slide. There is the routing algorithm. So there's going to be three algorithms we'll have a look at in the next slide. So there's going to be Round Robin, Least Outstanding Request and then Flow Hash. Then there is the stickiness settings. So whether or not it's enabled, the type, which is application-based or duration-based, and then the cookie name, the duration in seconds in terms of that cookie name or for the ALB cookie, just the duration in seconds in terms of the expiration period. So now let's have a look at how slow start and the different routing algorithm works. So slow start is a way for you to send traffic gradually to an EC2 instance, because by default, whenever your target becomes online on your target group, it will receive its full share of requests. So it will start getting many, many requests at a time. And if you unable slow start mode, it gives a healthy target a bit of time to warm up before the load balancer sends a full share of requests. So the idea is that the load balancer will start at zero and it will linearly increase the number of requests that it sends to the target until the slow start mode is ended, and then it will have its full share. So here's an example. If you don't have slow start mode, all of a sudden, as soon as your EC2 instance is part of your target group is going to receive a full share of requests, which may overload the instance directly. But with slow start mode, there's going to be a gradual increase. So at first it will receive one request, then it will receive two requests, then it will receive three requests and so on up until the slow start is over and then the EC2 instance will be at full capacity. So there's a target where exit slow starts when the duration period elapses or the target becomes unhealthy. And if you want to disable slow start, which is the default setting, then you just set the slow start duration value to zero. Now let's have a look at routing algorithms for your request. So there's one called the least outstanding request, which is the next instance to receive the request is the instance that has the lowest number of pending or unfinished requests. So basically, the instance that is the least currently busy is the instance that will receive the next request, which makes sense, right? Because you want to make sure that if an instance has less requests than another, then maybe it has more capacity to receive these requests. So it's available for the ALB and the CLB. And so the idea is that the first request will go maybe to the first instance, the second request to the second and then the third request has to go to the third because the third instance right now doesn't have any requests, so it has the least outstanding request. So this is how it works. And then the fourth one may go again to the third instance if the third instance has the least outstanding request, maybe the third request was very, very quick to finish and so the fourth one went again to the third instance and so on, okay? Now for the Round Robin, this is a bit different. So the Round Robin is that the targets will have one after the other then next request, regardless of how many outstanding requests are available on your instance. And so this works for ALB and CLB. The idea is that number one will go to number one, number two will go to number two and number three will go to number one, and then number four will again go through the same cycle. So number one and so on. Then for the NLB, there's the flow hash request routing, which a target is selected based on the hashing of the protocol, source destination IP address, source destination ports, and TCP sequence number. That means that each TCP or UDP connection is going to be routed for a single target for the life of the connection, which is sort of the equivalent for the sticky sessions on the network load balancer. So very, very simply, whenever a user makes a request on EC2 instance, all the information I just said below is going to be hashed through a flow hash algorithm. And then thanks to this hash number, is going to route the same request from the same user to the same EC2 instance as long as the TCP connection is open, okay? And this is specificity of your NLB. So if you go into your target group action and then edit attributes, then we're going to see the deregistration delay, okay? We know this one, the slow start duration. So by default it's disabled but you can set it, for example, 30 to start enabling it, okay? Up to 900 seconds, if you really want a slow start duration. But if you have this, as you can see, this attribute can now be combined with the least outstanding request algorithm. So we'll disable it. And if you do disabled it, then we have the least outstanding request algorithm, okay? That's available, so Round Robin is the default, but we can have this one, which is again to send the request to the EC2 instance that has the least amount of requests available. So the one that is the least busy right now. So that's pretty cool. And then finally, stickiness can be enabled or disabled. We've seen this before as well. So that's it, you've seen all the attributes for your target group. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.