So now let's talk about Warm Pools. And here is the problem. When you have an auto-scaling group and it scales out, that means that when you add instances into your auto-scaling group, you want to launch instances as fast as possible. But sometimes your instances, they're doing some initialization, they're doing some bootstrapping, and that can take several minutes before your instances are actually available to serve traffic. So it could be also getting some data, filling in some internal states for such as a cache, you run configuration scripts, et cetera, et cetera. So historically, the solution was to over-provision compute resources in order to absorb the unexpected demand. But then this is going to lead to an increased cost because you're over-provisioned. Or you try to fit as much as possible into a Golden Image to try to reduce your boot time. But none of these are perfect. And actually you want to use the auto-scaling group Warm Pools. So what are these Warm Pools? Well, the idea is that we have a pool of pre-initialized instances, and by having this, we are going to reduce the scale out latency. So let me explain. Say we have a auto-scaling group with a desired capacity of three and a max capacity of six, then the Warm Pool is going to be of size three. Three is by default the difference between the max capacity and the desired capacity. So six minus three equals three. That's basically the maximum number of instances that can be put from the pool into the auto-scaling group until we reach the max capacity. And so these instances in the Warm Pool, they have been pre-initialized. So all the setup you need has been done. And then they go into a state. We'll see the state is either started, stopped, or hibernated. But the idea is that whenever you have a scale-out event, then the new instance is going from the pool into your auto-scaling group. So the idea is that by doing this, the instant that comes into the auto-scaling group has done some pre-initialization work. Now let's go into the Warm Pool size setting. So we have the minimum Warm Pool size. This is the number of instances you always want in the Warm Pool no matter what. Then the max prepared capacity, either it is equal to the max capacity of the auto-scaling group. That means that to see how many instances you have in your Warm Pool, you do the difference of the actual desired capacity of the RSG and the max capacity. Or if you have, say, for example, a max capacity of 1500 instances and a desired capacity of 1000, you may not want to have 1500 instances in your Warm Pool. So you may want to specify just a set number of instances, for example, 100, so that it remains manageable. But at small sizes, the default is fine. Now, the Warm Pool instance states, so your instances are going to be in a different stage such as running, stopped, or hibernated. And you can cache a state to perform some last minute customization on your E2 instance as as they're building rolled from the Warm Pool into your auto-scaling group itself. And finally, while the E2 instances are in the Warm Pool, they don't contribute to your auto-scaling group metrics that would affect any scaling policies. So that's it. We've learned about this feature of the ASG to scale out faster and have less initialization time for instances. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.