All right. Moving on to our next one. Our next one is S3 Standard, infrequent access. And that's abbreviated just by a. So if you see IA, that means infrequent access. So this is for data that's accessed less frequently, hence the name here, but it still requires a media access when we need it. We don't want to stick it somewhere where it takes two hours to retrieve the data if we need access to it immediately. So what we can do is we say, You know what, we don't need this data very often, but when we do, we kind of need it right now. That's what infrequent access allows us to do. Now, IA is really ideal for like things like long term storage backups and disaster recovery files. If you just look at those three examples, especially backups and files, you want them immediately if you actually need them, hey, we need a backup or we need to restore our data. We had a event and we need to recover from this disaster. So we need our disaster recovery files immediately. We can't wait for those files to be restored. So that's what infrequent access is really geared towards, very important files. We are not going to access them, hopefully ever for backups and files, but if we do, we need them immediately. So the benefit of IA is that we have a lower gigabyte storage price. So each gig that we store is cheaper than our other tiers, but it does add a per gig retrieval charge. So if you never have to access that data, well, you got a cheaper storage price for storing that on S3, on IA storage class, and you never have to pay that retrieval charge. So again, think about shipping with UPS or Fedex or DHL. The faster you need things to go, well, the more it's going to cost. So in this case, if you need immediate retrieval for your data, well, S3 is going to charge you some level of a retrieval charge here. So what are some of the benefits and features of AIA? Well, the data is still written to at least three availability zones, and we still have that 11 nines of durability. So we know our files are going to be there when we write those files. The cost per month per gig is less than standard, but again, it introduces our retrieval fees. Now, these retrieval fees aren't terrible. We're going to go over pricing towards the end of this section, but just keep that in mind. So if you see a charge, we're like, Oh, we recovered a lot of different files from AIA and all of a sudden we have this one time charge on there. Well, those are retrieval fees from getting data from some of these other storage tiers. Again, the data is still written across three availability zones. We have our highly durable service here, but again, cheaper storage and retrieval fees in this case. So again, what are the ideal files for standard AIA or backup data files? Maybe big data analytics like long term, after we've already processed that data, maybe we can move that to standard to save on costs. Maybe we don't retrieve that ever. Maybe if we do, it's going to be very infrequently accessed. So those are some ideal files. Again, not an exhaustive list, but just an example of some of these files.