All right. So let's talk about Glacier instant retrieval. Now, the name should give it away a little bit. Glacier is long term archive storage, but it offers us instant retrieval time in milliseconds for our data so we can get access to our data immediately. Now, this is one of the lowest cost storage options on Amazon, and it's really designed for long live archival type data. It is 68% cheaper than S3 Standard-ia As we continue to move down, we're going to give up immediate retrieval time, but we get a lower cost per gig. So S3 Glacier does introduce a retrieval fee and it's per gig and it also has a 90 day minimum storage duration charge. Now what that means is that if you put data on S3 Glacier instant retrieval, you are going to pay for 90 days of that at a minimum. And so that means if I put data on Glacier and then I pull it or retrieve it the next day, I'm going to get charged a minimum of 90 days because it has a minimum storage duration. Again, Glacier, any of the glacier classes are designed for long term archival storage. It's stuff that you don't need very often or if ever, and that's why it's so cheap now. Again, it's designed for rarely, you know, access data, maybe quarterly, maybe even less than that. But it's for data that still requires immediate retrieval. Again, think of archival, think of health care records or those kind of things that we're never going to touch it. But if we do, we want it now kind of thing. So let's take a look at instant retrieval here. One of the ways that we can get our data over to instant retrieval, we can obviously write directly to S3 Glacier instant retrieval when we're uploading our objects to S3. That's obviously one way we can do it, or we can actually use what's called lifecycle rules. And we can say, okay, we want to write our data to S3 standard and then we're going to put a lifecycle rule that says, you know what, 90 days later, I want you to move that data over to S3 Standard IA, And then after it's been on ice for 180 days, then I want you to move that over into Glacier because it's archive data at this point. So those are kind of two different examples of ways that you can get data over to S3 Glacier. Of course, we're not talking about interfaces. We're not talking about, you know, using the CLI or the UI or anything like that. I'm just simply talking about the ways that data ends up on Glacier. You can write it directly or you can use workflows to get it over to Glacier as well. So what are the ideal files for Glacier Instant retrieval? Well, things like history records, financial records, health care archive data research data, legal hold, data data for regulatory compliance. These are things that we may not access very often, or if ever. But if we do want access to it, we want access to it now. We can't wait. We can't wait two hours. We can't wait 12 hours, 24 hours, whatever it takes for some of the other tiers, we want access to it. Now, that also means that we're going to pay for it a little bit, too. If we want instant retrieval, it's going to come at some level of a cost, but we have access to our data immediately.