Hey everyone, welcome to the next student challenge that's focused on storage classes. So let's go ahead and take a look at what our student challenge is. So after some updates, the marketing team no longer wants to use our course Cover.jpg file, but they don't want to get rid of it entirely. However, they do want you to change the storage tier in an effort to reduce costs. So your first task is going to be to move the course. Cover.jpg file to use S3 Standard IA Storage class. Now, additionally, marketing needs to add a few additional files that they might need for the website. These should be uploaded to the blog prefix or the folder and use the Intelligent-tiering storage class so your instructions here are update the course cover to use standard storage class and then upload the three new files. Again, the three new files can be found over here under resources. If you scroll down, you can also find them right here as well and simply download them. All right, So let's first tackle the course Cover.jpg. So we'll go back to our bucket here and our course Cover.jpg was under our home page, I believe, and here it is right here. And so what we need to do is modify the storage class of this particular object. So to do that we would click into the object and then we can scroll down and we can find the storage class. Now the storage class is standard. So the easiest way to modify that is go over here to edit and then we can choose our new storage class. So in this case, we want to change it to standard AIA. So we're going to scroll down, hit save changes here. It's going to move our object over to the new storage class. You can hit close here. And so we're still looking at our object here. If we scroll down now, we can see our storage class is actually standard AIA, so that's the easiest way to do it. The other way to do it is you can actually click it right here and do actions and you can edit storage class from right here as well. So multiple ways you can do it if you're using the AWS management console. All right. So let's take a look at our second task. Upload the three new files working Jpeg, laptop, Jpeg and site dot jpeg to the blog prefix and use the Intelligent-tiering storage class. All right, so we need to choose that storage class when we update those three new files. So go back to our bucket and we're going to go into our blog prefix right here where we already have one file here, but we need to go ahead and add our three new ones. So I've already downloaded those, so I'm going to grab those on my other screen. I'm just going to drag and drop them over here. So we have our three new files, laptop, Jpeg site, Jpeg, working Jpeg now in order to choose the storage class that we want to use, we're going to scroll down to the bottom under properties and we can select the storage class for these particular objects. Now for these, we want to choose Intelligent-tiering, So we're going to select that right here and we can scroll back down and we're going to hit upload. So by selecting the storage class, when we upload our object, they are initially placed on that selected storage class that we choose. And then they will continue to be on that storage class until we need to move it or we actually delete it from S3 altogether. So if we click on close here, you can see we are in our blog prefix here and we have our three objects right here. If I click on laptop Jpeg, we scroll down, we can see immediately that we are in the storage class of Intelligent-tiering and notice that we are in the access tier right now, right? So as this object continues to age and we don't use this object, Intelligent-tiering may move that over to like an archive tier. Okay. So but up front you can see we can immediately upload objects and specify what storage class that we want to use when we actually put data into our Amazon S3 bucket. So that wraps up this student challenge here. So by completing this challenge, we learned how to modify our files to use the proper S3 storage class. And we also learned how to upload files directly to a specific storage class as well.