Okay, so let's talk about SSL encryption for your Elastic Load Balancer. So this is our classic architecture, and the idea is that you could have termination at the ELB level by having an SSL or TLS certificate loaded onto it. In which case, while our users will access our ELB using an encrypted connection for example, HTTPS, but there is going to be a termination because then the ELB will just send HTTP traffic over your prior VPC into your EC2 instances. So you would load an SSL or TLS certificate on the ELB and to manage these certificates, you need to use ACM, which is AWS Certificate Manager. You can upload your own certificates as well onto ACM and then have them used by the ELB. For your HTTPS listener, you must specify a default certificate and you can have as well an optional list of certificates if you wanted to support multiple domains. And as we'll see, there's something called Server Name Indication, SNI, to allow clients to specify the domain the hostname they're gonna trying to reach and therefore your ELB will be able to send back the correct certificates. You can also specify an SSL Security Policy for compliance features, compatibility, or security as we'll see in the very next slides. So now let's talk about SNI or Server Name Indication. The idea is that SNI will solve the problem of loading multiple SSL certificates onto one single web server that will be serving multiple websites and domains. So we have our ALB and say, we have two target groups. One is www.mycorp.com, which has EC2 instances. And the other target group will be serving demo.example.com with other sets of EC2 instances. The idea is that on our ALB we're going to have routing based on hostname. And so therefore the hostname when indicated will be served by the right target group. Now, we're also going to load a lot of certificates on the ALB. So we're going to load demo.example.com, but also www.mycorp.com as well as maybe other ones and a default SSL Certificates. What's going to happen is that a client when it connects to your ALB, will indicate the server name, the hostname. So I would like to connect to www.mycorp.com and thanks to the SNI feature, the ALB will know which SSL certificate to use to establish the connection with the clients and make sure it is correctly encrypted. So SNI is quote in quote, a newer protocol and requires the client to indicate the hostname of the target it tries to connect to during the initial SSL handshake. And therefore, the server will find the correct certificates. This only works therefore for the newer generations types of load balancer, such as the Application Load Balancer and the Network Load Balancer. Now, these SSL certificates can be loaded onto the CLB. So the CLB supports only one SSL certificate. And if you wanted to support multiple hostnames through your CLB, you would need to use SAN. So Subject Alternate Name on your SSL certificates. But the idea is that anytime you will need to add or remove a domain name, you will need to edit the SSL certificate with new SANs. And so therefore it is a complicated process because you will need to reissue and reassign these certificates over time. Therefore, sometimes the best option is to use multiple CLBs for multiple hostnames with multiple SSL certificates. But if you can transition away from the CLB and use the ALB instead, because the ALB has the Server Name Indication feature that we just saw that will simplify your life. So talking about the ALB, it supports multiple HTTPS listeners and multiple SSL certificates. And then in order to make it work with multiple hostnames, then we're going to use this Server Name Indication feature, the SNI feature we just saw. The NLB is similar. It supports multiple listeners with multiple SSL certificates. And we're also going to use SNI to serve the correct SSL certificates. Now, finally, it is possible for you to set up a security policy for your HTTPS or your SSL listener. So security policy is a combination of SSL protocols, SSL ciphers and Server Order Preference option that's going to be supported during the SSL negotiation. That is when your client is connecting to your server and establishing a secure connection. So you can use some predefined security policies for example, the ELBSecurityPolicy-2016-08 and then apply it to your load balancer. So if you consider the Application Load Balancer and the Network Load Balancer, then in case of frontend connections, so connections from the client to your load balancer, then you can use a predefined security policy. And for backend connections, then you must use the ELBSecurityPolicy-2016-08. It's going to be always used. So what can we set for predefined security policy? We have different ones. We have the default I just showed you. But also you can use the ELBSecurityPolicy-TLS policies. So in this case, you must meet compliance and security standards that require to only use certain TLS protocol version. That may be something internally within your company. And also if you wanted to sometimes support older versions of SSL and TLS for your legacy clients and application. The other kind of policies you may want to use is the ELBSecurityPolicy-FS. And this is when you require Forward Secrecy. So the idea is that with this, you're going to get additional safeguards against the eavesdropping of encrypted data by using during the negotiation, a unique, random session key and that can come up in the exam. So anytime you see, how do we use a unique random session key for your ALB, think of a Forward Secrecy policy for your load balancer. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.