Now let's talk about the Proxy Protocol. And this is a solution to understanding what is the originating IP of your clients, okay. when your Network Load Balancer or your CLB is not able to carry that information over. And this is similar to what we have with the HTP headers X-Forwarded, okay. This one is for the TCP, so it's a lower level type of feature. And so the idea is that, on top of the request that is sent for example from the clients to the instance, the NLB is going to prepend some data and it's called the Proxy Protocol in the Proxy Header, and in that information is going to include the originating IP of your clients. So this is a protocol that is used to carry information from the source requesting the connection to the destination, where the connection was requested. And in case the LB does terminate the connection, then of course the source IP cannot be preserved and therefore it has to be prepended, okay, using the Proxy Protocol. So you will add the source destination IP address and the port numbers. Then it will be added as an editor to the TCP data. And then the Institute instance, when it reads the data, can understand, can just look at the prepended data and find out what IP the client had in the beginning. So this is available for both the classic load balancer and the Network Load Balancer. Now, the CLB use diversion one of the Proxy Protocol, and the Network Load Balancer use diversion two of the Proxy Protocol. So for the NLB, remember, if you have specified your targets with instance IDs or ECS tasks, then automatically the source IP of the client is going to be preserved, So no need to use the Proxy Protocol in this case, if you're using it with IP address, then if you're using the TCP or TLS protocol, then the source IP of the clients will not be preserved. There will be a termination, and therefore you need to enable the Proxy Protocol to carry along that information into your downstream Institute instances, or servers because it's IP addresses, So you have to register them manually into your target group. But if you're using UDP or TCP UDP, then the source IP of the clients is going to be preserved. So finally, if you want it to work properly, the load balancer should not be behind a proxy server itself. Otherwise you may receive duplicate information in the backend configuration, and this is something you just see with your application and your setup. Now, as you know, the Proxy Protocol is not needed when you have an ALB, because the ALB will insert it to make clear headers X 44, for example, to get the source client's IP. So the Proxy Protocol remember is only helpful, when your targets in your target group are registered using IP addresses, okay. So you have to hard-code the IP address, it could be on premises servers or institute instances in other VPC that you're paired with. And then this only applies if you're using the TCP or TLS type of protocol for your NLD. So that's it. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.