So let's have a look at the proxy protocol. For this, I'm going to launch an EC2 instance just like before, and I will launch a network load balancer. So we'll use Amazon Linux 2023 T2 micro. I will proceed without a key pair. I will allow this time, SSH, and HTTP traffic, this is perfect. And then for advanced details yet again, I'm going to choose user data file that is the same as before to start an HTTP type of server. Okay, so my instance is now running and I can verify that the web server is working and has been a while for me. So yes it has, it is working, this is perfect. Now, I'm going to start a load balancer and it's going to be a network load balancer. So let's create a network load balancer and we'll call this one demoNLB. It's going to be internet facing of type IPv4. I'm going to launch my VPC with two subnets for example. And then for security group, I'm going to use the same one as the ALB, which is going to allow access on port 80, so this is perfect. Now for listeners and routing, I'm going to create a new target group. And this one actually is very important, we're going to have it not as instances of target type, but as IP addresses. Because when you use IP addresses, then the client, the these two instances will see the IP address of your network load balancer. But if you use instances automatically, the correct IP address and the correct port will be applied. So we need to have the IP addresses here so that we manually can verify that the proxy protocol is being applied or not. So let's choose IP addresses. I'll call this one demo-nlb-proxy-protocol on TCP port 80 and the rest is good. So we need to enter an IPv4 of the VPC subnet to add into our target. So for this, let's go into our EC2 console yet again, and I'm going to find my instance, click on it and then look at this private IPv4 address. So let's go here and then we can paste that private IPv4 address, so we're good to go. Now click on include as pending below. And as you can see now this target will be registered and then create target group. So now my target group is created in IP mode. So now I'm going to go into my NLB, refresh this and select my demo NLB proxy protocol target group. Okay, so let's scroll down and create this load balancer and I'm going to pause the video until my low balancer is fully provisioned. So my network load balancer is now ready and I can connect to it and I still get my hello world. So everything is set up, now, let's go ahead and have a look at the proxy protocol. So if I go to my instance and then connect using EC2 instance connect to open a shell into my instance and then go back to my instances here, perfect, this one. Okay, so into my instance, we're going to do the same as we did before. We are going to have a look at the access log. So we're going to do sudo tail and then the access log and then press Enter to just clean the screen. And so if I go onto my instance right away from the IP, public IP, as you can see now the originating IP is my public IP. So 185.128, et cetera. So that's my public IP. If I try to access now my server BERT from VNLB, as you can see now, the address I'm getting is 172. 31. 20. 43, And this is actually the internal IP of my network load balancer from within my DPC. So it turns out that this is a bit of a problem because I registered my instance as an IP address, and now the instance sees originating traffic being from within the VPC, but this is actually just the network load balancer. So we want to fix this and we want to enable proxy protocol for that. So let's go ahead in our target group and you do action. Actually, you go to our target group, sorry, and you go to Attributes and then you edit the attributes. You scroll down, and then you enable proxy protocol v2 as well as preserve client IP addresses, and this is going to make sure that you pass on information about your client IP address to your downstream instances. So let's say these changes, and let's have a look at what happens. So if I refresh and have access to my instance right away, nothing has changed. I still see my IP and everything is good. Now, if I go to my network load balancer and refresh in here, and what I see is that my request still come from within my internal IP address. So that's because we need to tell our HTTP server to treat these requests as being from the proxy protocol. So let's clear our screen and then we're gonna go into our code proxy protocol steps.md, and we're going to make sure first that this remote IP module exists. So we're going to run this command, and if we get remote IP module shared as a response, that means that the module is successfully loaded. Then we need to edit this http.confile to add one line to enable the proxy protocol. So let's edit this file and then you can add the line wherever you want. I'm going to add it right after the listen 80. So I'm going to have a new line here and you paste in remote IP proxy protocol on, then you save your file and we're good to go. Next, we need to reload our Apache server, so let's reload it. And finally, we need to run the same comment as before to tell the access logs. So let's do it, now we tell the access logs and I'm going to do a bit of space to get new lines. And now if I go into my network load balancer and I refresh this page, I refresh it three times, this way we can see a lot of outputs. As you can see now, the IP that is being shown is now the IP of my own personal public IP and not the one from the network load balancer, which proves that the proxy protocol is actually working between my network load balancer and my EC2 instance. So that's a pretty cool hands-on. I hope you liked it. And to just finish it, please make sure to actually terminate your EC2 instance as well as deleting your network load balancer. So that's it. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.