Okay, so just a few architectures we need to see to really make sure we understand correctly the balancing, because the exam will most likely ask you about hybrid scenarios or DPC pairing scenarios. And so you need to understand how load balancing works in this case. So. Let's say we have a very simple example right now, we have a VPC and ALB and it's redacting into a target group made of EC2 instances. Now we also want to do some load balancing across a target group made of on-premises servers in our corporate data center. So to achieve that, what we need to do is to establish a VPN or a direct connect connection to connect our VPC into our corporate data center. Once that connection is established and there is network connectivity between our VPC, and our data center. And therefore, what we can do is that we can start creating a target group and that target group has to be using private IPs. So we would just do private IPs within a private group. And obviously the ALB using this private IP has the connectivity to help check our on-premises server. Therefore it will work and the traffic can be sent from the ALB directly to our on-premises servers. This is very similar with peered VPCs. So, say we have an ALB and VPC A, and we have other EC2 instances in another VPC. Maybe it's another VPC in another account, who knows. The idea is that you would also want to send traffic from the ALB to this other VPC and to do so, well we first need to establish a VPC peering connection. Which will make sure that private traffic can flow between the two VPCs. And therefore we can define a second target group, again using private IPs to make sure the ALB sends traffic all the way to the target EC2 instances. Okay finally, just a distinction between internet-facing and internal load balancers. So, internet-facing load balancers look like this, where your ALB sits in a public subnet. Okay? And then sends traffic, usually to EC2 instances in a private subnet, and is using IPv4 only. So the private, the EC2 instances see traffic originating from private IP addresses only because your ALB is terminating the connection. But what's going to happen is that you can also enable dual stack. So the idea is that right now it's IPv4, but you can also have IPv4 and IPv6 for the clients to connect to your ALB. The idea is that now you will have different domain names. So you'll have, name, the first name is just your regular IPv4 domain name. The IPv6 dot the same name as your IPv6 DNS endpoint. So if you do a DNS query against that name, you will get an IPv6 as a result, or if you want it to just either be redirected to IPv6 or IPv4 based on your compatibility of connection. You would use a dual stack end point, and dual stack is the dual stack dot the name. And this will give you either the IPv6, if it's supported by your network, or the IPv4. But regardless if using an IPv6 as an endpoint, the traffic that will be sent into your EC2 instances will be IPv4. That's because your ELB does terminate your connections. Now, if you're using an internal ELB, you can only use it in IPv4 mode and all the traffic will remain within your AWS accounts, using private IP addresses and then the DNS name of your balancer should start by internal dash and then the name of your load balancer. Okay? So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.