Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll give you a quick introduction to Databricks Unity Catalog, which is a recent addition to Databricks. Unity Catalog only became generally available around late 2022 on Azure. Unity Catalog is a databricks offered unified solution for implementing data governance in the Lakehouse. Let's explore what this means by describing what data governance is and the importance of data governance in today's data driven business. And then we'll look at how Unity Catalog helps implement a unified data governance solution. Data Governance is the process of managing the availability, usability, integrity and security of all the data present in an enterprise. An enterprise should be able to control access to the data to only the users who should have the access. Because not having the right access control could compromise the customer data and the reputation of the enterprise. A successful implementation of a data governance solution will ensure that the data is trustworthy and not misused. It requires the ability to trace the data back to its source for authenticity and also the ability to audit the usage of the data to ensure that it is not misused. It must help implement privacy regulations such as GDPR, CCPA, etc. Non-compliance with these regulations could land companies with hefty penalties and bad reputation with the customers. So it's important that companies implement the right data governance solution. These are the general characteristics of a good data governance solution. Let's now look at the four key areas of the data governance solution, that Unity Catalog can help it. Unity Catalog offers data access control by restricting access to only the required users and groups. In Databricks, this means implementing access control to files stored in the Data Lake. The tables created in Databricks as well as notebooks, dashboards and machine learning models. Once the user is given access, we should be able to see how the user is using the data and how often and when it's being accessed. So we need some audit information of the data access to be logged and made available. Unity Catalog makes the necessary audit logs available to do this. We also need to be able to identify the trustworthiness of the data. This means we need to be able to trace back the data to its source to ensure the authenticity. Unity Catalog provides lineage of the data both upstream and downstream in a pipeline so that you can visually see the flow of the data and how it's transformed during the journey. It not only helps identify the authenticity of the data, but also gives us the ability to trace back the root cause of any potential issues with the data. Finally, if you worked in a Data Lake, you will appreciate the difficulty of being able to identify the right data asset for your project amongst the several thousand data assets in a Data Lake. Databricks makes a searchable data catalog available with the help of Unity Catalog. Before the introduction of Unity catalog, enterprises were required to implement disparate solutions to secure parts of the data, and other artifacts also needed to use third party tools to implement some of these features. Unity Catalog brings all of these together to implement a unified data governance solution for the data Lakehouse platform. Let me now take you through how the new architecture with Unity Catalog unifies the data governance solution. Let's start with the Lakehouse Platform without Unity Catalog. As you can imagine, a lakehouse built on Azure is more likely to have the Data Lake in Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2. A Databricks account will have at least one databricks workspace. You will either have users and groups federated from Azure Active Directory or locally created within the workspace. Will have clusters in the workspace to perform the compute required. If you're using Databricks SQL, you will have the SQL endpoints instead. The users and groups will have to be given the access to the files and folders via IAM so that they can access the files. As you had seen previously, we tend to generally access the data via Tables and Views. This requires the tables to be registered in hive metastore and also the right access controls to be defined for the users so that they can access the data. As you can see, there are different solutions to control access to the data depending on whether the access is via tables or direct access to files. If you are on a multi-cloud platform, you will have to control access via those cloud providers too. On top of this, it's extremely rare that your enterprise is using only one workspace. My experience with clients is that they tend to have tens of workspaces. Most of the time there is one workspace per business unit and one per development environment. For example, Dev, Test, UAT prod will have their own workspaces, so it's not uncommon to see tens of workspaces in an enterprise. When you have multiple workspaces, the users may have to be separately maintained and also the metadata in the hive metastore may have to be duplicated and access control will have to be applied again. Effectively you end up with an architecture like this. Multiple workspaces with desperate user management and metadata management amongst them. Unity catalog fixes all of this. We can have an account level unity catalog that contains user management and the metadata management across multiple workspaces within a databricks account. So basically, user management and the metastore are centralized. The workspaces will have just the compute resources and they'll access the unity catalog for user management and metadata management. Please don't confuse the Unity Catalog Metastore here with the hive Metastore. The Unity Catalog Metastore is a brand new IP developed by Databricks. The Hive Metastore still exists in the Databricks workspace, but the advice is not to use them on a unity catalog enabled workspace. They're just there for backward compatibility and to support projects migrating to Unity catalog. If you are continuing to use Hive Metastore, you won't get any of the new functionalities offered by the Unity catalog such as Data Lineage, Audit Log, etc. Seeing this diagram, you might be thinking we'll only have one unity catalog metastore for a databricks account. That would be perfect. And for most of you that will be the case. But if you are a global enterprise with your data assets spread across multiple regions databricks recommends using one metastore per region. The reasons for this recommendation is to reduce the egress cost as well as improve performance. So please create one metastore per region and keep your databricks workspace and the default storage in the same region to get the best performance and reduce cost. As we discussed, the Center of Unity Catalog is the new Metastore, which is centralized across all workspaces. Unity Catalog also offers centralized user management and access control on not only databricks tables, but also on files stored in the Cloud Object store. These are the three key features people generally associate with Unity Catalog. But with the help of centralized metastore, Unity Catalog also offers additional features. Data Explorer provides a searchable data catalog and unity catalog offers data lineage of both upstream and downstream data assets in a pipeline. And finally, Unity Catalog also offers audit logs required to ensure that the data is used by the users in the manner you would expect them to. These features help Unity catalog deliver a unified data governance solution which ensures availability, usability, integrity and security of the data in an enterprise. I hope you now have a good understanding about what Unity Catalog is and its capabilities. Please don't worry if you haven't understood everything. We'll see these in action in the rest of the section to strengthen your understanding. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.