Now that we understand the Architecture of Unity Catalog enabled workspaces, let's take a look at how to implement one of these solutions. User management is generally the responsibility of system administrators rather than data engineers, so we won't discuss much about user management in this course, but we'll look at everything else. Also, to keep it simple, let's take a look at how to implement Unity Catalog and attach to a single workspace instead of multiple workspaces. We first need to create an Unity Catalog Metastore. In order to create a metastore, we need a couple of other objects in Azure. Firstly, we need an Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 Container. This storage here is the default storage for Unity Catalog. It's used to store data for Managed Tables that you create. There is a misconception that Unity Catalog stores metadata in this container. That's not the case. The Metastore itself is stored and maintained within Databricks control plane and we do not have to worry about that. The container here is simply the default storage for Managed Tables. Unity Catalog also needs to be given the Storage Blob Data Contributor Role on the storage account so that it can read and write data to the storage account. Currently you can do this via a managed identity or a service principal. Databricks recommends using managed identities. Azure has now introduced a first party service called Azure Connector for Databricks, and it automatically creates a system assigned managed identity and assigns the managed identity to the Databricks account. You are strongly recommended to use this as a solution, and we'll do the same for this course. Once we have the access connector and the ADLS storage using this information, we can create the metastore. We can then link the Databricks workspace to the Metastore that we created. This Databricks workspace will now start using the Metastore from Unity Catalog and also you will get all the benefits that we talked about, such as Data Lineage, Audit Log, etc., that comes with Unity Catalog. So that's everything you need to do in order to create a unity catalog metastore and attach to a databricks workspace. There were quite a few steps, so let's summarize them. Firstly, we need a databricks workspace so that it can be attached to the Unity Catalog. Please make sure that the workspace is created using Premium tier as Unity Catalog doesn't support workspaces created using Standard tier. We also need to create an Azure Data Lake storage Gen2 account and a new container. We then need to create an access connector for Azure Databricks and then we need to assign the role Storage Blob Data Contributor for the Data Lake to the Access Connector. Using the above information, we can then create the metastore. Once we have the Metastore, we can then attach the Databricks workspace to the Metastore. In the next couple of lessons, we'll implement all of these steps and see them in action. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.