Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to create the resources that are required to set up the Unity Catalog Metastore. As we discussed in the last lesson, these are the six steps that we need to follow to set up Unity Catalog. In this lesson, we are going to complete the first four steps which are prerequisites for creating the Metastore. If you have done the rest of the course and completed the project on formula1, you may already have a Databricks workspace and a Data Lake, but I would like you to create a new workspace and a Data Lake for this section of the course. This is just to help you see things clearly and not having to deal with the migration related tasks from Legacy Hive Metastore to Unity Catalog. Let's switch over to the Azure Portal and get started with the first step, which is creating the Databricks workspace. Here we are in the Azure portal. Let's start with creating the Azure Databricks workspace. In order to do that, come over to the top left menu and clickCcreate a resource and search for Azure Databricks in the marketplace and let's select Azure Databricks from here and click Create. You will already be familiar with this wizard from previous lessons. So we won't go through all of these options and we'll just focus on the options which are relevant for this section of the course. Select your subscription. I'm going to go with my Pay As You Go subscription and I want to keep all the resources for this section of the course separate from the rest of the course. So let me create a new resource group called databricks ucrg. In case you're wondering, UC here represents Unity Catalog and RG stands for Resource Group. And that's the kind of naming standard I'm going to follow for the rest of the resources we're going to create in this section of the course. And let me click Ok. And we need to provide a name for the workspace. Again, I'm going to call this one as databricks course us ws, and WS here represents Workspace. And now we need to select a region. I'm going to go with UK South, which is my closest region, and that's the one I'm going to use for the rest of the resources as well. And now we need to select the pricing Tier. Pricing Tier here is quite important. Please note that the workspaces using standard tier cannot be enabled with Unity Catalog, so please make sure that you are selecting premium from here and we can accept the default for networking as well as encryption. So let's click Review plus Create. And the validation has succeeded. So let me click Create to deploy the resource. The Deployment's now completed. It took about 3 to 4 minutes. So let's now create the Azure Data Lake Gen2 account. Again, come over to the top left menu and click create a resource, and now search for storage account from the marketplace. And let's select a storage account and click Create from here. And again, let's leave the subscription as Pay As You Go. And let's pick the resource group that we created just now, which is the databricks course uc rg. And we need to provide a name for the storage account. So this is going to be the default storage account for our Metastore. So again, I'm going to call this one as databricks course uc dl, UC here again is Unity Catalog and DL is Data Lake. And as we said, we're going to keep the region as UK south and let's leave the performance tier as standard and we can reduce the redundancy to locally redundant storage to keep the cost low. Let's click next to Advanced and the only other thing you will have to change is Hierarchical Namespace here. Please make sure that you tick this. That's the only way you can get the Data Lake Storage Gen2, otherwise you'll end up having a Blob Storage. So let me tick enable hierarchical namespace from here and you can accept all others as default. And let's click Review from here. And the validation has passed. So I'm going to click Create to create the storage account. So the storage account has now been deployed. The next thing we want to do is to create the access connector for Azure Databricks. Let's do that. Again, come over to the top left, click, Create a resource, but this time search for Access Connector for Azure Databricks and let's select that from here and let's click Create. Again, we're going to go with the same subscription and we are going to go with the same resource group, which is our databricks course uc rg. And we need to provide a name for our access connector. Let's call it a databricks course uc access. And again, I'm going to go with UK South as my region. And let's click review plus create to create the access Connector for Azure Databricks. And let me click Create again here. So that's also been deployed. The last thing we want to do is to assign the role Storage Blob Data Contributor on our Data Lake to the access connector we just created. So let's navigate to the storage account. I'm going to go over to home and this is the storage account that we created, which is databricks course ucdl. Let me go into that and let's click Access Control or IAM and let's add a role assignment. And as we said, we need to assign the role Storage Blob Data Contributor. So let me search for that. And let's select Storage Blob Data Contributor from here. And let's click next and we're going to assign that to an access connector, which is a Managed identity behind the scenes. So let's select managed identity and let's click select members and we should be able to see Access Connector for Azure Databricks here. As you can see, let's select that. And we only have one access connector, which is the one we just created, which is called databricks uc access. So I'm going to select that and click Select from here. And let's click review plus assign, and again, let's click review plus assign. And that role has now been assigned. You can verify that by looking at the role assignments here. So let me go over to role assignments. As you can see, the access connector, which is databricks course uc access has now got the role Storage Blob Data Contributor assigned to our Data Lake. So that's all the prerequisites that are required to create the Metastore and that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.