Now that we've completed the prerequisites for creating the Unity Catalog Metastore. In this lesson, we'll create the Unity Catalog Metastore and then enable the Databricks workspace to use the Metastore. Let's switch over to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure Portal. Let's navigate to the Databricks workspace that we created in the last lesson and let's launch the workspace from here. With the introduction of Unity Catalog, Databricks is centralized user management and metadata management in a separate portal called Databricks Account Console. And that's where you can create the Unity Catalog Metastore. From this workspace, you can go over to the top right menu and click on Manage account to open the account console, and you can also type in the URL accounts.azuredatabricks.net to navigate to this account console. Let's expand the sidebar so we can see the text next to each of the icons and I'll take you through each one of them. And workspaces here lists all the databricks workspaces you have in your Databricks account. You can do a couple of things from here. You can click open to Open any of the databricks workspaces from here. And also you can manage permissions to the workspaces. For example, you can assign users, groups or service principals to this workspace and Data menu here lets you create the Unity Catalog Metastore and assign workspaces to the metastore. And that's what we're going to be doing. And User Management lets you add users, service principals and groups as well as manage them. Settings basically lets you manage preferences and settings. We are here to create a metastore, so let's navigate to data and click on Create Metastore to create the Metastore. This wizard will guide you through the information that's required in order to create the metastore and that's quite straightforward. The first thing we need is a name for our Metastore. I'm going to call it as databricks course uc meta. We then need the region. As we discussed before, we want to create the meta store in the UK south region and that's the one we've used to create our Data Lake as well as the Databricks workspace. So let's select UK South. And here we need to provide the path of the default Data Lake storage that we've created. Unity Catalog uses the abfs protocol to access the data from the Data Lake, so it has to be in the format specified here, which is the container name@ storage account name.dfs.core.windows.net, followed by any folder paths you got. In the last lesson. we just created the Data Lake storage account, but we didn't create any Containers. But we do need a container specified here, so let's go ahead and create the container and then we'll come back here to specify the path. So let me go over to the Azure portal and let me find my Data Lake Storage, which is the databricks course ucdl. It's in my recent list here, but if you don't find it here, please go ahead and search it from there. But I'm going to simply click here to open and let's go over to Containers under Data Storage section and click on Plus Container and then give a name for the container. I'm going to simply call this as metastore. And let's click Create. The container is now created. So let's now go back to the account console and give the path. So in our case, the container name is metastore @ we need to specify the name of our storage account, which is databricks course ucdl .dfs.core. windows.net, and we do need a slash at the end, otherwise you'll get an error. So if I tab out from here, I'm going to get an error. So it says invalid format for the ADLS Gen2 path. So specify the slash and that's all you need to do. If you have any subfolders, you can specify that here, but as you know I'm creating the metastore directly in my container, which is also called Metastore. So let's leave it at that. And now we need the access connector Id. Again, we created the access connector in the last lesson, so we need to go and grab the Id from our access connector. Let's go over to the Azure portal and let me go back to home and I can see the access connector in my recent list. But again, if you don't find it, simply go and search and you'll find that. So I'm going to go to the Access Connector and let's navigate to properties from the menu and we can see the Id here under Essentials, I'm going to simply copy this information and let's go over to the account console and paste it here. So with that, we've got all the information that we need to create the Metastore. In our case, we use the system assigned managed identity with the Access Connector. But if you use a User Assigned Managed identity, you can key in that information under the Advanced options here, we don't have that. So let's close that and let's click create and that should create the metastore for us. The Metastore is now created and you can assign to workspaces from here if you choose to do so. You also have the option to skip this and navigate to the data menu at a later point and go over to the metastore and assign workspaces from there. Let's assign the workspaces whilst we're here. As you can see, I have a number of workspaces. You may notice that the workspace is created using standard tier or grayed out. That's because Unity Catalog is only supported for the workspaces created using the premium tier. So if you are looking to use Unity Catalog, please make sure that your workspaces are created under the Premium tier. This workspace is the one that we created to work with Unity Catalog in this lesson, so let's select that. And let's click Assign. So we can accept the information given here. And let's again click Enable. With that, we've successfully assigned our Databricks workspace to the Unity Catalog. So let me close this one. From here you can further configure your metastore. For example, you may want to change the administrator of your metastore. At the moment, the user that created the Metastore is the Metastore admin, but it's always advisable to have a group rather than an individual user as your metastore admin. So in order to do that you can click on the Edit here and then add a group instead of the individual user. And also you can enable Delta sharing from here if you want to share your data outside of your organization. And by navigating to workspaces, you can assign further workspaces to your metastore. So by clicking on Assign to workspace, you will be able to add other workspaces to your metastore as well. And if you want to remove a workspace from the Metastore, you can click on the three dots here and then select Remove from this metastore and that will detach your workspace from the metastore. And if you want to delete the Metastore altogether, you can go over to the three dots at the top and then click on Delete to remove or delete the metastore. We're simply going to leave all the configurations as they are because we've achieved what we wanted to achieve in this lesson. But in the future, if you ever wanted to go back and make any configuration changes or even remove the metastore altogether, you simply have to navigate to the data menu from the sidebar and click on the metastore and you will end up in the same page that we were. And you can make all the configuration changes and remove the metastore if we wanted to as well. So in this lesson we've successfully created a Unity Catalog Metastore and assign the Databricks workspace to the Unity Catalog Metastore and that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.