Welcome back. As you know, most of what you want to do in Databricks requires some kind of Compute. Generally, we create Databricks clusters as the Compute engine for Data Engineering workload. You will be familiar with the Databricks cluster configurations from the earlier lessons, but there are some important things you need to bear in mind when you're creating clusters to work with Unity Catalog. I'll take you through those differences in this lesson and we'll create a cluster as well as part of this lesson. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace as we've just assigned this workspace to the Unity Catalog Metastore. Let's first refresh the browser to reload the page so that the changes take effect. Now let's go over to Compute and click Create Compute to create the Cluster. As I said before, you must be familiar with all the configurations from the earlier section of the course on Databricks cluster, so I won't repeat explaining all the configurations and just highlight the ones which are different when you're working with Unity Catalog. Firstly, as you may see from the summary, you get to know whether the cluster you are creating can access the Unity Catalog. So please ensure that the summary tells you that your cluster supports Unity Catalog. There are two important configurations which decides whether your cluster can access the Unity Catalog. The first one is the Databricks runtime. Databricks recommends using runtime version 11.3 LTS onwards to access Unity Catalog. Let's select an earlier version. I'm going to select 7.3 LTS and as you can see from the summary, it doesn't support Unity Catalog. The version 10.4 here does support Unity Catalog, but Databricks recommends us using version 11.3 onwards, so please pick the version 11.3 LTS or a higher version. Second configuration to which we need to pay attention is the access mode. Only the clusters created using access modes, single user and shared can access Unity Catalog. No Isolation shared cannot access Unity Catalog. So we have to choose between single user and shared. Having said that, as you can see from here, shared access mode only supports Python and SQL workloads. So those are the only major differences specific for Unity Catalog in terms of clusters. Let's now configure the cluster that we are going to create for this section of the course. We just need a single node cluster for the course and that will also keep our cost low. So let's select single node from here and accept the confirmation here. Unfortunately, the shared access mode here doesn't support single node clusters, so let's keep the access mode as single user for our course. And now let's pick the Databricks runtime version and let's pick the one with long term support, and the most recent version, which is 12.2 LTS, and let's pick the node type. We can keep it as the standard DS3 v2 node type. When you come to do the course, if this node type is not available in your region or your subscription, please select any node type which is available within your region with four cores and that will be fine for the course and that will also help you keep your cost down. We don't need any higher than four cores for this course, so I'm going to go for the DS3 V2 node type here and let's change the auto termination to 20 minutes, so that the cluster gets terminated after 20 minutes of inactivity. And that will again help us keep the cost low for our course. So that's everything we need to do for the cluster configuration. And let's click Create Cluster to create the cluster and it takes about 3 to 4 minutes to create the cluster. You can also go to the Event log to see the progress of the cluster creation. As you can see, the cluster is now created and it's up and running. And this cluster has access to Unity Catalog as well. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.