Welcome back. Now that we have a Unity Catalog enabled databricks workspace as well as a Databricks Cluster to do the processing. In this lesson, we are going to look at Unity Catalog Object Model and how to reference objects such as Tables and Views in your notebooks. We are now familiar with the Unity Catalog Metastore and created one of these in the previous lesson. This is the top level container for all our metadata in the Unity Catalog. It lives at the Databricks account level and you can create one per region and one or more Databricks workspaces can be attached to the metastore. It's also paired with a container in Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 first default storage. All other objects hangs off this metastore. Catalog is a new concept within Databricks. In the previous sections of the course, you wouldn't have seen catalogs as we were using legacy high Metastore rather than the Unity Catalog. Catalog is just a logical container within the metastore to organize your data assets. For example, you may decide to have one catalog per business unit or one per development environment. Each Catalog may contain one or more schemas or databases. They're just the next level containers within Catalogs. Schemas and Databases are synonymous within Databricks. In the past, most of the documentation referred to this as database, but now the recommendation is to use the term schema. This is just to avoid any confusion with database systems and platforms. I can see changes to this effect in the documentation too, so please start using the term Schema rather than Database. If you use database in SQL statements, for example, create database instead of create schema, it will still work, but I would encourage you to use schema. Each Schema may contain one or more Tables, Views or Functions. There are no changes between Legacy Hive Metastore and Unity Catalog in this respect. As before, there are managed as well as external tables in Unity Catalog. I assume you are familiar with managed and external tables by now, but a quick recap is that managed tables are basically owned by Databricks. What this means is that Databricks manages both metadata and the data for the table, whereas only metadata for external tables are managed by Databricks. The underlying data is managed by the Cloud Object Store. So when you drop an external table, only the table definitions are dropped. The underlying data is left alone. So they're great for when another solution, such as Azure Data Factory, is producing the data and Databricks is just consuming the data. In this example, you just create an external table on the data produced by ADF and consume within Databricks. Having said that, there are some important changes to the way managed tables work in Unity Catalog. Firstly, all managed tables in Unity Catalog are Delta tables. You cannot create a table with format Parquet, JSON, CSV, etc., as Managed Tables. For that you will have to use External Tables. Second, by default, the data for Managed Tables will be written to the default storage used to configure the metastore. If you remember, it used to be the DBFS root in Hive Metastore, but now it's the storage account we attached to the metastore while creation. You can change this to a different location by specifying a managed location in your create schema or create catalog statements. In Hive Metastore when you drop a managed table, the underlying data is deleted immediately. But in Unity Catalog enabled workspace, the data will be retained for 30 days. This is a great addition which a lot of people were requesting for. It takes away the fear of accidentally losing the data. Managed tables also benefit from automatic maintenance and performance optimizations. So going forward, Databricks recommends everyone to use Managed Tables where possible. With this hierarchical object structure, you will have to use the three level namespace to access a Table, View or a Function. For example, to access a table, you will refer to catalog.schema.table name. If you remember, we were using the two level namespace of schema dot table name in Legacy Hive Metastore Unity Catalog also introduces two new objects called Storage Credential and External Location to access a cloud storage or a Data Lake other than the default storage configured while creating the Metastore. This is just a quick introduction to them, they'll be covered later in detail. For completeness, there are also three further objects called Share, Recipient and Provider introduced by Unity Catalog to handle Delta sharing. Our focus in this lesson is the three level namespace to access tables, views and functions. So let's focus on that. Let me give you some recommendations on how to organize your data using the three level namespace. As we discussed, we can have only one metastore per region. Let's assume that we have a business called Formula1 Analytics. So we create a metastore at the organization level called Formula1. We then need Catalogs. Let's assume that, as with any project, this project also goes through the traditional software development life cycles of dev, test and prod. So we will have these three Catalogs for each of the environments. Let's say we're using Databricks Medallion Architecture to separate the data during its life cycle. So we have the schemas called Bronze, Silver and Gold in each of the Catalogs to represent that. We can then have the corresponding tables, views and functions in each of these schemas. This is one approach, but let's say our business is wider than this and it deals with not only Formula1. We have a company called Sports Analytics, and it deals with all kinds of sports such as Formula 1, Football, Cricket, etc. We can create a metastore called Sports Analytics. We can then prefix the Catalog names with the sport name, for example, F1 Dev and F1 Test and F1 Prod, etc. This way we can also add more Catalogs for each of the sports we are dealing with. For example, Football Dev, Cricket Dev, etc. Here I've taken Sports as an example. I took each of the sport as a business unit, but in your business it could be finance, sales, marketing, etc. In that case, you can group each of the business units into a separate Catalog. Finally, if you wanted to have some sandboxes for each of your teams, you could create a catalog for each of the teams too, as shown here. You can also have all of these team sandboxes alongside the dev, test, prod Catalogs as we had seen. As you can see, Catalogs provide the additional capability required to organize the data better in Databricks. These are just some of the best practices that you can use to organize your data, but feel free to organize the data as it suits your business needs. And that's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson, I'll show you how to create some of these objects.