In this lesson, I'll give you a quick overview of the Data Explorer and a demo using the three level namespace to access Unity Catalog Objects. You can create things like catalog and schema without having a cluster up and running. But in order to create tables or query data, you will need a cluster running. So let's go over to the Compute tab and make sure our cluster is running. Mine is already up and running, but if yours is terminated, please restart the cluster by clicking the play button here. And let's now navigate to the Data menu and I'll talk you through the Data Explorer here. As you can see at the top, this workspace has now been assigned to the Metastore databricks course uc meta, and that's what you're seeing here. Also, you will see four catalogs as listed here. As we discussed, Catalogs is a new concept within Unity Catalog. So let me go through each one of those for you. Hive Metastore here is a Pseudo Catalog created by Databricks to enable users to access the Tables or Views created using the Legacy Hive Metastore. So if you did a migration from the Legacy Hive Metastore into Unity Catalog, you will see all the tables from your Hive Metastore under this Catalog. Samples catalog simply contains some sample data for us to experiment with the tool. System catalog contains tables to access audit data. It contains the information schema which you may be familiar from working in other database management systems such as SQL or Oracle. Don't worry if you're not familiar with it, I'll take you through those in a later lesson. Finally, the main catalog is the default catalog created by Databricks for us to work with. You can use this for your projects, but I would highly encourage you to create catalogs with meaningful names for your project, and that's what we'll do in this lesson as well. Please note that you can create all these objects such as catalogs, schemas, tables, functions, views, etc, using SQL statements as well as the user interface here in Data Explorer. In this lesson, I'll show you the user interface in action and in a later lesson we will use SQL statements to create them programmatically. Let's start with creating the catalog. You simply have to press the button here called Create Catalog to create the catalog. We now need to provide a name for the catalog. I'm going to simply call this as demo catalog. And as we discussed before, the data for Manage Tables in Unity Catalog will be created in the default storage attached to the Metastore by default. You can change that by specifying an external location here, but we're going to leave this as blank for now. And you can also optionally add some comments here. Let's not worry about it for now and let's click Create. The catalog is now created, as you can see here. And as you can see under Schemas, Databricks automatically creates the information schema and makes the audit information available via that. And also a Default Schema is created for you. But please don't put anything under the default schema and always create schemas with meaningful names, under Details, you will see information about the catalog. We didn't specify any external storage for our catalog. That's why you're seeing the storage location as blank. You can also grant privileges on the catalog to your users, groups or service principals. And you have the option to give specific privileges or all privileges on the catalog to your users. Let's now click Create schema to create a schema under this catalog demo_catalog. Again, we need a name for the schema and I'm going to call this as demo_schema. And similar to the catalog, you can specify the external location as the storage location for Managed Tables here. You might be wondering what happens if we specify the managed location for both schema and catalog. The answer is that if you have a managed location for schema, that takes precedence. Otherwise it will look for the managed location in a catalog and that will be used if both schema and the catalog don't have the managed location, it will be taken from the Metastore, which is the default storage container that we created and specified while creating the Metastore. Hope that makes sense to you. If not, please don't worry, we'll see this in action in a later lesson on external storage. And let's click Create. The schema is now created. Any tables you have will be listed here and similar to the catalog, you can see the properties of the schema here. And also you can grant any privileges to the users and groups from this section. Now that we have the catalog and the schema, let's upload some data and create a table from that. The best way to do that using the UI is to click on the Add button here and add data from the menu. You can get data from various native and third party integrations, but we're going to keep it simple and upload some data from the local computer. So let's click Upload data and browse to the file from here. And I have a file called circuits.scv in my downloads folder and you'll be familiar with this file from the rest of the project. But if you not, please don't worry, I'll make this file available as part of the course resources on this lesson as well. So let me click Open to upload the file. So as I said before, at this point, we need a cluster up and running. My cluster has been terminated. That's why it's trying to start the warehouse. So let me click on the cluster and it should start the cluster for us now. The cluster is now up and running. So let me walk you through the options here. We've got two options here. One is to create a new table or overwrite an existing table. So we're going to create a new table in our case. So let's leave that as new table. And now we need to specify the three level namespace for our table. So the first thing here is the catalog. So it's picked up the demo_catalog as the first one, so let's leave it at that. But I don't want to create my table under the default schema and I want to create it under the demo_ schema that we created earlier. And we can leave the name of the table as circuits. If you want to change it, you can just type it in here. And Databricks has identified that my first row in the data is the header, which is correct, and the data looks okay here. There are some Advanced options here. For example, if your file is tab delimited rather than a comma, you can just come and change here. And in our case, actually we don't need to make any more changes because it's a comma separated file. So let's click Create table. The table is now created. So let's quickly go over the options we've got here. You have the option to edit the comments about the table and give a meaningful description so that it will be useful for the consumers of the data. As we saw earlier with catalog and schema, comments are available for each of the unity catalog objects as data discovery is one of the key objectives of Unity Catalog. The first tab here provides the list of column names. Again, as you can see, you can edit and add the comments for each of the columns here. And the next tab provides some sample data and the following one gives some important information about the table itself. As you can see, the table that we created is a managed table rather than an external table. And also the storage location is given here. You may want to pay close attention to the storage location. The data is returned to the default storage of the Metastore, which is the metastore container within the databricks course ucdl storage account, but you may notice that the next folder here is the GU Id rather than any other names. And that GU Id relates to the GU Id of the metastore. And under that it creates a further folder called tables. Under that, you don't have a table name. Instead you've got the GU Id of the table itself. This is vastly different to what Hive Metastore does. We don't have table names. Instead, we've got GU Ids. And also the folder structures are different. You can't change this folder structure and Databricks do not want us to directly interact with the files for the managed tables. The Architecture of Databricks Unity Catalog is getting closer to traditional database management systems where the users are expected to interact with the tables rather than the physical storage in the files themselves. Having said that, we can still see the files as we want the storage account. Let me go over to the Azure portal and show you that. So let me go over to the container and under Metastore as you can see, we've got the folder with the GU Id of the Metastore itself. And under that you've got a further folder called Tables. And within that you've got another folder with the GU Id of the table, and within that you've got your Delta information. So you've got the Delta Log and the Parquet file as well. So everything here is exactly what you would normally see. But the folder structure is different when you're working with Unity Catalog. In the past, when you're selecting data from a Delta table, you may have either use the spark.read.table to get the data directly from the table or you may have just used the spark.read.format as delta and then specify the location of the file itself. But please don't do that anymore because this GU Id will be different when you're going across different environments. So please don't use these GU Ids when you're querying the data. Please make sure that you're querying using the table names. Let's now go back to the Databricks workspace. As with catalogs and schemas, we can grant permissions to the users and groups from here. Also, you can see the history of the Delta tables from here. And the next tab gives you the lineage. Lineage is a great feature which shows you both upstream and downstream lineage of this table in a pipeline. But I'll do a separate lesson on this one. Insights gives you information about the most recent and the frequent queries on this table as well as users of this data. So that's everything I wanted to take you through in this lesson. With that, we've created a table using the three level namespace and we've gone through all the options as well. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.