Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll show you how to interact programmatically with the table that we created using the three level namespace. It's not vastly different to what we do with the legacy two level namespaces and a lot of you will already be familiar with that. So feel free to skip this lesson if you're comfortable. Otherwise please follow along with me. As you know, this is a new workspace that we created for this section of the course. So I'm going to create a new folder to keep my notebooks organized. And I'm going to call this folder as databricks course. Let me also create a new folder for this section of the course, and I'm going to call this as Unity Catalog Introduction. And let's create a new notebook within this folder. And I'm going to rename this to one.query tables via Unity Catalog. And we're keeping the default language as SQL because that's the language we are going to use for most of the commands we're going to run here. So we now want to query the table that we created. Let me go over to my Data Explorer and that's under Demo Catalog and Demo Schema. And the name of the table is circuits. The obvious thing would be to fully qualify the table as shown here, which is demo catalog.demo schema.circuits, and that's what we'll do first. So let me go back to my workspace and go over to the notebook and let me just do a select * from that table. And that would work. And that brings back the data, and that's one way of doing it. But when you are working in a project, you might want to query the table, a select * from table name and not worry about the catalog and the schema. So let's try that first. That as expected. So the error is because it's looking for the table under the current catalog, which is not what we are expecting, which is not demo catalog. In order to see what the current catalog is, you can run the command select current_catalog, and let's run that. And as you can see, Hive Metastore is the current catalog. If you want it to list all the catalogs, you can run the command show catalogs and that will give you the list of catalogs. As you can see, it's listed the five catalogs here. This is very similar to what we saw with the Data Explorer. And as you can see, we've got the five catalogs listed here. And in this case, using the Notebook, we're just using SQL to query the catalogs. Let me go back to my notebook. And now the thing is we want to change the current catalog to demo catalog so that we can see the table underneath the demo catalog. In order to do that, you can run the command use catalog and give the name of the catalog. So let's do that. So I'm going to say use catalog. And let's give the name of the catalog. In this case, it's demo catalog. And let's execute these two statements together. And we've again got the same error. That's because now we've switched the catalog to demo catalog. Let's confirm that by running the select current catalog command. As you can see, our current catalog is demo catalog, but our schema is not what we expected. In order to see the current schema, you can again run the command called select current schema. And let me run that. And as you can see, it's looking for the table under the schema default. But we know that we created the schema under the demo schema. Again, in order to see all the schemas in this catalog, you can run the command show schemas. Let me show you that as well. And as you can see, we got the three schemas, the two which are created by Unity catalog itself, which is default and the information schema. And we created the demo schema. So now we want to switch to the demo schema so that we can see the table. So again, let me use the use statement, but this time, instead of specifying use catalog, we'll do use schema. And let me specify the schema name. So now we've switched the catalog as well as the schema and we should be able to query the table. So let me run that. And as you can see, we've got the data from the table. This is the second approach. So the first approach is to fully qualify your table names and the next one is to do this. It depends on what you're doing. In a lot of projects, people don't generally hard code the catalogs and the schema names together with the table name and they use the use statements so that you can just simply change the catalog depending on your environment and just make that change in one place or parameterize that and use it in one place. So it might come in handy depending on how you design your project. But in simple use cases you can just use the fully qualified name like this. While we are here, I may as well show you how to list the tables within the current schema. In order to do that, you just run the command show tables. So as you can see within that schema, we only have the table name called circuits. You may notice that it's listed that as a database rather than a schema. This change is being applied throughout. So everywhere it's being called as database is being changed to schema at the moment. But you might come across in some places. Databricks is still using the term database rather than schema, but the recommendation is to use schema, so please try and use schema wherever possible. And so far we have been using everything using SQL statements. But can we do that in Python? So in order to use Python you have to use the method spark.SQL and pass in the SQL statement. That's the only way. So let me just try and show you one of them. So I'm going to do Spark SQL Method, and then let's say we want to see the tables. So I'm going to simply paste the show tables here and I can just simply execute them. And I've got a dataframe output. So let me wrap it in a display statement so I can see the output properly in a table. So let me do that. And as you can see, we've got the results here as well. Finally, in the last lesson, I told you that you shouldn't be accessing the files for a managed table because they use the folders as grids rather than table names. So instead you should be using the tables directly. Databricks has even tightened this and you get an error, if you try to access the files, the error will state that we cannot access a unity catalog managed location directly. So what should you do instead? You simply use the spark.table method and let me show you how to do that. So I'm going to simply read the table and get the data into a dataframe. So I'm going to switch to Python and let me define a dataframe and use this park table method. And I'm going to use the three level namespace for the table to pass in here. So which is demo catalog.demo schema.circuits. And if I run this statement, the data from the table would be read and populated. The dataframe will be populated with that data. So let's see the data from the dataframe and that will be display. And then I'm going to simply pass in the dataframe and I get an error because I haven't switched to Python. So let me switch to Python here. And let me execute that again. And as you can see, we've got the data here. So if you are using the data from managed tables in dataframe, make sure you use the spark.table method. I hope you now have a good understanding about how to interact with the three level namespace introduced by Unity Catalog. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.