Welcome back. So far, we have just been accessing data from the default storage of the metastore. In this lesson, we are going to look at accessing Data Lakes other than the default storage in your cloud tenant via Unity Catalog. You may remember this diagram from the lesson on Configuring Unity Catalog. When we created the Unity Catalog Metastore, we had to assign a default storage account from Azure Data Lake Storage. This is the only storage to which we currently have access to from our Databricks workspace. It's extremely common that you want to access other Data Lake storage accounts other than the Default Storage. This could be because you may want to keep your Data Lake separate from the metastore so you have another storage account for the Data Lake. Or it could be because you want to access data from Data Lakes created by another project via External Tables. It's not uncommon to see multiple Data lake storage accounts in an enterprise. Let's say we have another Data Lake that we want to access. By default, we won't have the permissions to access this Data Lake as Databricks and Unity catalog are not aware of it. In early part of the course when we worked with Legacy Hive Metastore, we looked at how to access another Data Lake Storage using Access keys, SAS tokens and Service Principals. But in this lesson we are going to look at how to use Unity Catalog to do that. Also, this is the recommended approach since the introduction of Unity catalog. This is the recommended approach due to the additional benefits Unity Catalog brings such as security, lineage, audit, etc. As we saw in the Unity Catalog Object Model, Unity Catalog provides the objects, storage credential and external location to do this. Let's define what they are. Storage credential is a credential object you can create within Unity catalog. You can then use this as an authentication or authorization mechanism for accessing data stored in Azure Data Lake storage on behalf of the users. It can be created using an Azure Managed Identity or a Service Principle, and Databricks recommends using Managed Identity where possible. Also, each storage credential can be assigned access control policies to ensure that the right users and groups have got access. Similarly, External Location is an object that stored centrally at the metastore, so any databricks workspace that's attached to the metastore can access the external location, provided the user has the required access. External location is an object that combines the storage credential with the Cloud Object Store, which is an Azure Data lake storage Gen2 in the case of Azure. You can compare this to the databricks mounts that we created in the Legacy Hive Metastore for accessing storage accounts. Having said that, storage credential and external locations are subjected to unity catalog access control policies that controls which users can access the storage credential and the external location. This way Unity Catalog provides more fine grained access control. Please don't worry, if you haven't understood all of this fully. We will be creating a storage credential and an external location in the coming lessons and access the data. By following the demo, you will be able to strengthen the understanding. So please come back to this video again once you've completed the demo. Let's now look at how to implement access to an External Data Lake using Unity Catalog. As we discussed, we need the Object Storage Credential and the External Location. We now know that Storage Credential can be created using a Managed Identity or a Service Principal. The Managed Identity can be system assigned or a user assigned managed identity. And we know that databricks recommends using system assigned managed identities. To make it easier, as you know, Azure offers the first party service called Access Connector for Azure Databricks, which lets us connect managed identity to a Databricks account, so we'll use that. Once we create the Access Connector, we need to assign the role Storage Blob Data Contributor to the Access Connector for the Data Lake so that the Access Connector can access the Data Lake. We'll then create the storage credential using the Access Connector information. With that, the storage credential will also be able to access the Data Lake via the Access Connector. We then need to create the External Location. As we said, an external location is an object that combines storage credential and the ADLS Gen2 container. So when an user references the storage container, Unity Catalog knows which storage credential to use for access, and if the storage credential has the required access to the storage account, the authentication succeeds. You can apply access control to both Storage Credential and External Location. This lets the administrators manage access to the storage at a more granular level. If the user doesn't have the access, the request fails and the unity catalog doesn't attempt to authenticate. Appreciate This is a lot of information to take in, but implementing this is very simple. So let's summarize the steps we need to carry out to implement the solution. First, we need to create the Access Connector. If you remember, we already created an Access Connector while creating the Metastore. You can either use that or create a new one. I'm going to create a new one just for this to keep it separate. It's best to keep it separate so that you can manage access separately. Next, we need to create another Azure Data Lake storage account so that we can use that as the External Storage. We then need to assign the Storage Blob Data Contributor role on the Data Lake to the Access Connector. Next, we need to create the storage credential using the access connector information. With that, we would have completed everything to do with the Storage Credential. So we can now create the External Location. We'll then be able to access the data in the storage account via the External Location and the Storage Credential. As we are creating these resources, we are the owners and we will have the access to the Storage Credential, External Location, etc. But if you want to grant access to the rest of the team, you can do that too. I hope you now have a good understanding about how to access External Locations via Unity Catalog. And that's the end of this lesson. We'll put this into practice in the next lesson.