Now that we understand how to access other Data Lakes via the Storage Credentials and External Location, let's create a storage credential in this lesson. In order to create a Storage Credential, we'll need an Access Connector. So we'll create that first. Also, we'll create the Data Lake Storage and assign the Storage Blob Data Contributor role to the Access Connector. We'll then create the storage credential using the Access Connector information so that the storage credential can access the Data Lake via the Access Connector. Let's switch over to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure Portal. As I said in the last lesson, I want to create a new access connector. So let's navigate to the top left menu and click Create a resource and let's search for Access Connector for Azure Databricks. And let's click, create and click create from here. And let's put this access connector in the same resource group that we've been using for this section of the course, which is the databricks course ucrg. And I'm going to give it a name. I'm going to call this as databricks course ucext access, ext for external. And let's pick a region. I'm going to go with UK South as I've been using that for everything here. And let's click review plus create. And let's click create again. The Access Connector has now been created. So let's create the Storage Account. Again, let's go over to the marketplace and search for storage account. And let's click create from here. And let's pick the same resource group that we've been using. And I'm going to call this storage account name as databricks course ucextdl. Again, I'm going to go with the region of UK South. And we can leave the performance tier as standard and redundancy, we can reduce that to locally redundant storage here. And let's click Advance and let's make sure that we have tick the hierarchical namespace to enable hierarchical namespace so that we get the Data Lake storage rather than a Blob container. And that's all we need to do. So let's click review and let's click create. The storage account is now created. So let's go over to the storage account and let's go to container and create a new container called Demo. And let's also upload a file called circuits.csv so that we can use that to test our external location later. So I'm going to simply browse for files and go over to my downloads folder and select the file circuits.csv and let's click open. And I'm going to click upload from here. So the file is now uploaded. Let's go back to the overview tab of the storage account again and let's click on IAM to assign the role Storage Blob Data Contributor to the Access Connector. So I'm in IAM for the storage account and let's click add role assignment and let's look for the role Storage Blob Data Contributor. And let me select the role and let's click next. And we want to assign that to our access connector, which which uses managed identity. So let me select that and let's click on select members. And if you click on the dropdown for Managed Identity, you'll be able to see Access Connector for Azure Databricks. And we want to pick the right one. So in this case, we want to pick the one which we've created for the external access, which is databricks course ucext access. So let me select that and let's click select. Click review plus sign. So that role is now been assigned. We can check that by going back into access control and looking at role assignments. And as you can see, the Access Connector for Azure Databricks has got the Storage Blob Data Contributor role on this storage account. So we've now completed all the prerequisites so we can create the storage credential. So in order to do that, you'll have to go over to the Databricks workspace and click on data from the sidebar. And under external data, you will see storage credentials and click on that and click Create Credential from the top. Before that, you may notice that there is already a storage credential here and that was created as part of the Metastore creation. So when we created the Metastore, Databricks automatically created this storage credential for us. Let's not worry about this and we are going to create a new storage credential. So let's click create credential from here and we're going to use managed identity as we discussed, rather than a service principal. So let's leave that as it is. And we need to provide a name for the storage credential. Again, I'm going to use the same naming convention I'm using, which is databricks course ext storage credential. Let's do that. The only other information you need is the access connector Id. So let's go over to Azure portal and get the Access Connector Id. So I'm going back to my Azure portal and let me find the access connector. I'm going to simply search from the search bar here. And I've got two access connectors, and the one I want to use is the ext access, access connector and go over to properties there and you can see the Id under Essentials and let's copy the Id from here and let's go back to the Databricks workspace and let me paste it here. And as we said before, if you have a user assigned managed identity, you can use that. But we're using the system assigned managed identity here. So let's leave that as blank. And if you wanted to add any comments, you can do that. And if you want to keep your storage credential to have only read only access, you can tick that as well. But we want our storage credential to have full access. So let's click create here. So the storage credential is now created. If you want to give permissions to any of your team members, you can do that from here by clicking on Grant here and give specific privileges or all privileges. Let me close that. And if I go back to storage credentials, I'll see both storage credentials here. And this is the one we created which is databricks ext storage credential. And that storage credential has the required access to the Data Lake via the Access Connector. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.