Now that we've created the Storage Credential, let's create the External Location in this lesson on access data from the External Location. As we said, external location is simply an object that wraps the storage credential with the Azure Data Lake Storage Container. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and I'll take you through the steps required to create an External Location. Here we are back in the Databricks workspace, similar to what we did for the Storage Credential, go over to the Data menu from the sidebar and under External Data you will see External Locations. Let's click on that and from the top right menu you can create an External Location. Let me click Create Location, and then we need a name for the external location. I'm going to call this as databricks course ucextdl demo. I have basically used the combination of the storage account name and the container name to come up with the external location name. So come up with some standards for your case. But this works in most cases and we now need the URL here. As you can see here, we need to provide the ABFSS path for the URL. So let me key that in. So that will be apfss colon slash slash, and we need the container name. In our case it is demo and we need the name of the storage account. So which is a databricks course ucextdl. And we need to provide dfs.core.windows.net/ and we need to pick the storage credential from this dropdown here. And the one we created for the external usage is the ext storage credential. So let me pick that and we can leave the comments for now, but give some meaningful comments here and let's click create. And the external location is now successfully created. As the owner you will have full permissions on both the storage credential and the external location. You can change the owner of the external location from here. It's always recommended to use a group instead of an individual as the owner. You can change that by clicking on the pen here, and also you can grant privileges to the rest of the team by clicking on the Grant button here. And let me close that. And also you can test connection to your storage account by clicking on the Test connection button here. And as you can see, it succeeded. And we've got the read list, write, delete permissions on the storage account and let's click Done. And now that we've created the external location, we'll be able to access data from the container in the storage account via notebooks. So let's create a new notebook and I'm going to go over to my workspace under the Unity Catalog Introduction folder. I'm going to create a new notebook. And I'm going to call this as 2.access external location. And let's switch this to Python notebook. And let's try and access the container demo in our storage account using the file system utility. So I'm going to use dbutils.fs.ls command. And as you know, we need to pass in the folder path. Here we're going to use the abfss protocol to access the storage account. So let's use the abfss protocol here. Let's execute this statement. My cluster is currently terminated, so let's attach to the cluster and start the cluster at the same time. As you can see, we've successfully accessed the storage container demo in our storage account and listed the file circuits.csv. One thing you may notice is that we haven't specified the External Location or the Storage Credential anywhere. The Unity Catalog does that reference for us. So when you access a container in a Storage Account, Unity Catalog looks for the External Locations which you've got access to this container and the storage account. And also depending on whether the user has access to the external location and the storage credential, it gets a temporary token and gets access to the storage account for us. So this way we are able to implement fine grained access control to the data in our Data Lake. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.