-: Okay In this video, we're going to look at Ingress networking in a bit more detail. So we'll, we'll try and deploy an Ingress controller. So we've deployed two applications, explore and setup, so let's check that out. Set heading as first, and let's do a pause-a and we have from the Appspace, we have the video and the wear applications. So. That is now deploying Ingress the controller first. So create a namespace called Ingress Space. So let's- This is what we are going to do. The first step is to create this name space called Ingress Space. So we'll do this one step at a time. So let's do that first. Create namespace, Ingress space. Okay, so that's successful. Now the NGINX Ingress controller requires a ConfigMap object. Create a ConfigMap object in the Ingress space. So. So we're just going to create a ConfigMap object. So we'll do a kubectl create ConfigMap in this and the name should be as given here and generic configuration, and the Namespace is Ingress space. Okay. So that's done. So if you can see here, so you've just created these two. Now the NGINX Ingress controller requires a service account. So create a service account in the Ingress space. Name, the name of the service account is Ingress service account. So create service account in the Ingress space. Okay. We've created the roles and role bindings for the service account. So let's check that out. Okay, so hit roles. So we have the Ingress role and role bindings we have the Ingress role binding Let's check out Ingress role in the Ingress space. So we see that there are a number of resources that are given access to, like, the policy for these Namespaces and these are the works that, the actions that it can perform. Okay, let's keep going. Let us now deploy the Ingress controller. Create a deployment using the file given. So there's already a file given called Ingress controller and the, you know, the hard stuff is already there, in there. So you have, it's called, it's going to be called Ingress controller and the service account name that we created is here. The container that it uses is here. The arguments that are passed to it is configured and there are some environment variables as well and the ports that it exposes. So these are all done. There are just, there are some issues. So let's try and let's try and create a file from this first. Create a deployment from this file first. So it looks like there are some issues. So there's, there's an issue. Line 36 looks like a YAML issue. So let's, let's edit the file and try and fix those. So let's go to line 36. So right here, let me see that. Yeah, indeed there's an issue with spacing. So we'll fix that. Let's try to create it again, and we see that namespace Ingress - not found. So if you look here, the namespace is not properly specified. So let's try and edit that and Space. Okay, so, let's try and create Ingress controller now. Let's check out the status in the Ingress space and it's in a continuing creating state. Let's give it some time and meanwhile we can check the status of our work. So yeah, it's completed successfully. So we now, we have now deployed an Ingress controller. Now the next step is to create a service to make the Ingress, make Ingress available to external users. Okay, so the Ingress controller is ready. The next step is to create a service called Ingress. So we're going to do, what we're going to do is, our goal is to expose the Ingress controller, right? So the easiest way to do that is hit deploy, -n, Ingress space. It's called Ingress Controller. So we're going to create a service using the expose command. So we're going to do expose and what do we want to expose? We want to expose the Ingress controller deployment. Let's say deploy an Ingress controller in the Ingress named Ingress space. All right, and, and also there are some specifications given here. So the name has to be Ingress, so lets pass in a name called Ingress. So let's check out the help just to get a bit of, bit more idea. So we have the expose command and then we have the deployment, the deployment name. If you want a name for the service, you can use --name. That's what we just did. You can also specify the port. So the port and the target port. So we want to use 80, and the target port is also 80 but the expose command does not allow us to use the NodePort option. So what we're going to do is we're going to create the service first and then we're just going to go in and edit the NodePort. So that's kind of the easiest way to do that. So we'll just take these because that's what we are left with. So let's clear my screen and we're going to specify the port. So the port and the target port are both 80. Okay. So we're going to do an export, deploy Ingress controller in the Ingress space. We'll name it Ingress and then we've specified these. We can also specify the type, so we'll say --type, going to be NodePort, that what's given here. Then we have specified the port and the target port. The NodePort cannot be specified, but specified this. So, and the right selector, so expose should take care of using the right selector for this, for the deployment. So, let's create that. So, it's created. We'll get SVC as we see in the Ingress space and this, it's created, it's a NodePort and if you, if you look here, at the port, that the NodePort that used is 3 2 7 4 1. That's not what we wanted. So we'll go and edit the service in the Ingress space. Edit service called Ingress and here we can see the details. The only thing we need to do is change this to 3 0 0 8 0. This is actually a simpler way to create a service, without having to work with the YAML files at all. So that's going to be useful in the exam. Let's check. Okay, so that's successful. Now the next step is to create the Ingress resource to make the applications available at wear and watch on the Ingress service. So we're going to create an Ingress service. So we'll do a kubectl create Ingress in the Appspace. That's where we want to, that's where the applications are. and let's quickly check help. So this is what, what we used earlier. So we're going to do a create and then give the name of the Ingress rule and then we'll just use this rule to specify the rules. So. The name of the Ingress resource could just be Ingress, and wear and watch and then we'll specify the rules. We don't need the certificate stuff, so we'll remove that. So the rules says wear needs to go to the wear-service and then we have another rule. Again, we're going to remove this and this is for the second one. So we can have multiple rules like this. Watch and that's going to go to the watch-service. So I'm not sure if it's called the wear and watch service. I'm just going to park this for now and let's check the service names in Appspace and we see that, okay, it's the wear-service, and it's the video-service, not the watch-service and the ports are 8080. So let's edit that. So the watch is called the video-service and Port 8080 and the wear is called the wear-service and let's get rid of this for now. Okay. So that's created Ingress in Appspace. Let see that it's created Let's go ahead, describe Ingress Ingress, let's do Appspace and we see that the wear is is to the wear-service and it's identified, the, the endpoint for that. The watch is to the video-service and it's identified the endpoints to that. So let's, let's test it out and see if it's working. So let's do a wear. Okay, so it isn't working. Let's do a watch. Okay, so let's go and check out the logs on these applications. So let's do logs, take this out and, as you can see, the requests aren't even reaching here. Let's check the other service. All right. So if the requests were coming in, you would actually see the requests coming in. So the requests aren't hitting, hitting this. So that's one thing, and let's try and figure out why. So let's do, um. Let's look at the logs of the Ingress controller itself and the Ingress controller, as we know, is in the Ingress space. Let's do a logs of this Ingress controller. Okay. And if you look here, there seems to be a lot of logs. So Appspace. It is definitely hitting the Ingress controller, but then you see there are three node eights, all right? So the three, node eights indicate a redirect. All right. So what's happening is every time we're going here, as you can see the, the browser here, it just keeps redirecting. So it, it looks like it's going into too many, and you can see the errors here, so it's going into too many redirects. So, and that is mainly because it's just trying to do a redirect on the SSL. All right? So for HTTPS is trying to do a redirect on HTTPS. So what we need to do is, we need to edit the Ingress service. Yeah, so here's the service. We need to edit it, in the Appspace, to provide Ingress. Then we need to add the annotations, so the annotations for the rewrite target, because as we discussed earlier we don't want it to go to a wear and watch URL and then this is, so to prevent the redirect, SSL redirect we have to add the false, the SSL redirect to false. So let's, let's edit that and let's try this again. Okay. So that's, that seems to do the trick and it's actually working now. Okay, let's check our work and we've already accessed the application. Okay. So that's, that's the end of this lab.