So in the previous demo, we walked through the steps that we needed to perform to properly deploy our voting application onto our Kubernetes cluster. So we deployed all of the pod specifications, as well as the specifications for the different services, so that they can all communicate with one another. And the voting application and the result application were exposed to the outside world using the Nodeport service. Now, since we deployed pods directly, I want you guys to be aware that there are some limitations when you deploy pods directly. One there isn't a way to easily scale up the number of pods, so if we wanted instead of one instance of the voting app, we wanted five. It doesn't provide us a mechanism to easily scale up and scale down. On top of that, if one of our applications goes down, there's nothing watching over it to restart it or deploy a new instance. You don't get that functionality with just pods. And on top of that, there's no simple way to upgrade your application. So if you want version two of the voting or result app, you would have to delete the old one. Deploy a brand new pod spec with the new version, and this could lead to user impact as your service would be down during that time. So instead of deploying pods directly, what we want to do is we want to make use of other Kubernetes primitives like replica sets and deployments. More specifically, we're going to be focusing on using deployments because deployments help address a lot of these concerns. So instead of deploying each one of these components as a pod, we're going to deploy it as a deployment. This is going to give us a lot of extra benefits. Like it's very easy to scale up and scale down. It's going to give us the ability to monitor and watch our pods. So if one pod goes down, the deployment will create a new one, and you'll see that it's very easy to deploy new versions of your application as it has built in rolling update functionality so your users aren't impacted. And we're going to be using deployments because instead of replica sets, deployments actually use replica sets under the hood. So we're going to be using deployments which are an abstraction over pods and replica sets themselves. All right. So the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to delete everything we deployed. So I'm going to do a cube CTL delete dash F. And I'm going to just delete all of those resources. And then what I want to do is I'm going to just kind of organize this. So I'm going to say this is the pod configuration. So for the pod demo and I'm just going to move them into there. And we will create a separate folder for this new deployment configuration using Kubernetes deployments. So the great part is when we configure these deployments it's going to be very simple. So I'm going to have a close all of these. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to open up the voting app pod spec here. And then in deployments I'm going to create the new one, which is going to be called vote dash deployment dot YAML. So this is going to be the deployment configuration. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to split screen it so that it's a little bit easier to see. And you guys can understand just how easy it is to copy the pod configuration to the deployment. And we're going to set the deployment over here. And so to create a deployment we're going to do we're first going to specify the API version. It's going to be apps slash v1. We're going to set the kind to be deployment. And then we'll set the metadata. So let's give the deployment a name. We can just call this vote again. And then labels we can give the deployment label. This is technically optional. So it's not going to really change things unless you want to use it for some other reason. And then under spec this is where we have to provide these specifications. And the first spec that we're going to provide is the template. So this is basically telling your deployment how do I create the pod or what pod are you interested in. And so under template all you have to do is just go to the voting app pod, which we have here. And you just copy under metadata and then you go under template and you paste, and obviously some of the formatting will get messed up. And instead of doing that, I think it's going to be a little bit easier just to I'm going to just paste it here. What I can do is especially if you're using VS code, I could just hit tab tab. Okay. So this is basically telling the deployment how do we create a new pod when it needs to. Then there's a couple of other properties that we need to have which is replicas. So how many instances of the voting application do you want. We'll just say one. And then we also have to provide a selector. So you have to tell the deployment that after it creates the pod in this template, how does it know which pods to watch over. And so we just say match labels and you specify whatever label you gave the pod. So this is basically telling your deployment, hey anytime you see a pod with the label of app vote, then you need to watch over it. And you need to make sure that there's exactly one and only one. Nothing less, nothing more. So now let's do the result applications. We'll say result dash deployment dot YAML. And I'm going to also open up the result app pod here. And actually what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to the vote deployment. I'm going to copy this and paste it in here. And then we're also going to on this tab open up the result application here. All right. So what we're going to do is we're going to change the name. This is going to be result. We'll change the label as well. And then for the template I'm just going to delete this. And we're going to just copy from here. And we'll fix the spacing. And then the last thing we have to change is the selector. So this should be whatever label you put here. So this will be result. Let's now create one for the Redis instance. So I'll do redist deployment.yaml. And then um on here on this tab I'm going to open up the readers. App latest pod. Here we go. And I'm also going to copy the result deployment. So I'm going to do a Ctrl a Ctrl C. Paste it in there. And then let's update the value. So first of all let's um change the name to be readers. Change the label to be readers as well. And then we'll update the template. And then we also need to make sure that the selector is pointing to the right label. So this is going to be readers or whatever we specify here. So now we'll do the DB dash deployment. And I'm going to copy the reader's config. And then let's open up the DB pod here and just go through the same steps. So we're going to rename the name to be DB the label for the deployment to be db. And then the template will change that to be whatever this is. And then we have to make sure we update the selector. So this is going to be whatever label you use on the pod. And last but not the least we're going to create the worker deployment. And here I'm going to open up the worker pod here and let's copy the reader's deployment. And let's update the values. So there's going to be worker. This will be worker as well. The template we can remove that and grab. This here. And then we want to make sure that we update the label to be worker as well for the selector. All right. So that's everything that we need. Now the services uh nothing changes with the services. So you don't have to change anything with the service. So I'm actually going to just copy the service and paste it here. So when you move from a pod to a deployment, it doesn't matter as long as the labels are okay. Everything should be good. Okay, so we now have everything. Let's open up the terminal. Let's just quickly verify that there's nothing been deployed. And I'm going to change into the deployments directory and let's deploy it. And hopefully there's no errors. And we can see it went ahead and created everything. And let's see exactly what it created. So if I do a cube CTL let's do get services. You know we've already seen this. This is just the same services that we saw before. The interesting stuff happens. If I do a cube CTL get deployment. So you can see that we have a deployment for each of our applications. We can see that we have one of one ready. We can see one is up to date and one is available. So that's what you want. You want everything to be ready up to date. Which means you know you're running the latest version and it's available to process traffic. We can see everything is good to go in that case. Under the hood. Deployments use replica sets. So if I do replica sets, you can see that there's going to be a replica set for each one of these deployments. We can see desired current ready. And then you can see the pods that were created under the hood. And if you want, you could always do a kubectl get all that's going to show you everything that's going to show you pods, services, deployments and replica sets. So with everything deployed let's go ahead and try to access the application. So I'm going to do git service. And kubectl get pod o wide so I can get the sorry not o kubectl get node dash o wide. So this is the IP address of our node. Let's go to that IP address. And then let's access the vote service. And we can see the vote service. And what's really cool is the application is actually going to show us. And maybe you guys can't see this. So let me zoom in for you guys. It'll even show us which container is processing that request. So you can see this one ends in NF F. So if I do kubectl get pod for the vote service we can see nf w f processing it so we can vote. I think everything's probably working. If we want to check the result service we can see 100% perfect. And I'm going to go back to the vote service. And now what we're going to do is I'm going to show you guys how we can scale the number of pods for a deployment. So we've got all of these deployments. Let's say we want the vote service to have five instances. So to do that we could do kubectl scale deployment. You provide the name of the deployment to which is going to be scale deployment. And then we say replicas equals and then however many you want. So if you say five, that's going to create five pods for the vote deployment. And so you see we can see it scaled. So if I do a git deployment you can see there's vote. We can see right now at the moment there's 4 or 5 that are ready five up to date four available. Let's run this one more time. And now we can see all five have been upgraded to the latest configuration. And so in this case we now have five pods. If you want to verify that we can do kubectl get pod. And you can see that there's five pods all with a different unique name. And so now if we go back to the application you'll see that every time I hit refresh you're going to get a new container that's processing our request. So now it's GB v nine. You can see that GB v9. And so that's how easy it is to scale our application using deployments. And that's going to wrap up this demo on how to create and deploy the voting applications using deployment.