Hello and welcome to Mastering Databricks for Data Engineers course. This is an advanced course and this course comes with some prerequisites. So before you take up this course, you should have already learned a few of the things. Let me explain those things. For taking the best benefit from this course, I am assuming that you are already familiar with Spark programming. A spark programming comes in three flavors. Or you can say spark offers you three interfaces for writing spark applications. A spark SQL. A Spark Data Frame API and a Spark Structured Streaming API. So I am assuming that you are already familiar with the spark programming. You know, spark SQL, you already learned Spark Data frame APIs and Spark Structured streaming. These are the topics that we will not cover in this course. I will not talk about these. I am making an assumption that you already know all this and we start from there. Python programming is another requirement. We are making an assumption that you have learned spark programming using Pi, spark APIs and you know, Python basic constructs and how to write code in Python. So you should already know Python programming. The last but not the least is the spark architecture and internals. So I am assuming that you already know Spark Architecture and how spark works behind the scene, how we develop our spark applications, how we deploy them, how we manage them, how we run it, and what happens behind the scene. Right. So you should already have all these knowledge before taking this course. If you are not already comfortable and familiar with any of these topics, I recommend you to take up one of my courses or my other courses and cover up yourself on these topics. Once you are comfortable and familiar with these topics, then you can come up here and take this course. You will be benefited without knowing all those things. You might not be the right person to take this course, but if you are the right person to take this course, I will see you in the course. So keep learning and keep growing.