Hello and welcome to Databricks Master Azure Databricks for data engineers. It's a huge course. And before you decide to take up this course, let me give you some introduction about the course and help you understand what you will learn in this course. So let me walk you through the course curriculum. So in this course we basically aim to learn Databricks Cloud Platform, how to use Databricks Cloud Platform and its capabilities to build Lakehouse Solutions, our Lakehouse platform. And we learn to do that in the Azure cloud. So you will be learning Databricks Cloud Platform, its capabilities in the Azure cloud. Are then to be specific, we will be learning Dbfs. Databricks file system and mounting your storage and building your storage layer. Then we will go and learn about Unity Catalog, the data governance tool, or the data governance layer of your Databricks platform or your Lakehouse platform. We will go into detail understand what is Unity catalog, what is the purpose of Unity Catalog, how to use it, how to configure it, and what are the features that Unity Catalog brings on the table? We will also learn Unity Catalog user provisioning. So how we bring corporate users into the unity catalog and then start managing security. How do we secure our tables, our other data assets and objects? We will learn all that in this course. Then Delta Lake and Delta tables are one of the core features of Databricks Platform. Databricks platform integrates Delta Lake and offers delta tables. So we will be learning about Delta Lake, its capabilities, its features, all the Delta Lake tools and optimization techniques, along with the Delta tables and how to use Delta tables in your project. We will also go through schema evolution. In this course, we will try to learn how to handle manual schema evolution, or how do you implement automatic schema evolution with different tools like Delta Lake or during the data ingestion and all that. I will also help you understand incremental ingestion into the Lake House platform. Uh, we will not go into the details of learning any data ingestion tool, but we will learn it from the architecture point of view that how do you architect your lake house solution, uh, for ingesting data from sources into your lake house platform and Databricks? What other tools and capabilities Databricks as a platform has to offer for incremental data ingestion? How do we manage schema evolution during the data ingestion? What are the different tools? What is the preferred tool? We will learn all that in this course. And along with that you will also learn Databricks Auto Loader, how to use Databricks Auto Loader. What it is you will learn that we will go into Delta live tables and Delta pipelines. Delta live tables and Delta pipelines are, uh, declarative ETL tool or declarative ETL offering of the Databricks platform. So we will go into the details of Delta pipelines and learn what is DLT. You will also learn about Databricks repos so you can integrate your source code, uh, or source control with the Databricks platform and work through the source control. So you will learn Databricks repos. You will also learn Databricks workflows so you can orchestrate your job, create job dependencies, and build your pipelines using Databricks workflow. We will also learn Databricks Rest API and CLI, so you understand how project related automation activities can be performed using Rest APIs and CLI. And in the end, we have a bonus capstone project which starts with the basic requirement. We discuss what is the requirement, and then I will walk you through every step of translating a requirement into a solution design, and then taking various design decisions, and then finally implementing the Lake House project using that requirement. The idea behind the capstone project is to help you understand and use whatever you learned during the course. Throughout the course, we will be learning different techniques and tools, but how all that knowledge can translate into solution design and solution implementation and implementing your lake house project. So that's the objective for the capstone project, which will bind all your learning together at one place in the form of a project, and you will learn how to implement Lake House project using Medallion Architecture. Along with the project, you will also learn designing and implementing Lake House platform, designing an end to end solution, various decision making items. Uh, how you implement your testing strategy, how you automate your testing, and your lake house projects, how, uh, you can implement your CI, CD pipeline. So we will be using Azure DevOps because this course is focused on Azure, uh, cloud platform. So we'll be using Azure DevOps to build our CI CD pipelines for the capstone project. So a lot to learn. Don't miss out this opportunity. All you need is some time and focus and the material is with you uh, which will take you to the next level in your data engineering career. I'll see you in the course. Keep learning and keep growing.