Welcome to Mastering Azure Data Bricks for data engineers. First thing first. In this course you will be learning a lot of things. And this course is full of hands on exercises and activities. I'll be giving you a lot of demo. We'll be writing a lot of code and for doing all that, if you want to repeat those things yourself and do it yourself, you will need access to some resources. The minimum resources are you need access to data sets, sample data sets that I'm using in this course. And you will need access to the source code. And finally, this course also comes with a capstone project. So you will need resources for the capstone project also. So all that is provided with this course in your platform itself. And in this video I'll try to help you how to download or how to get access to all those resources and how you can utilize it to, uh, upload or bring it in your platform for doing your hands on. So let's start. You can access your course content, resources, uh, from your platform, from the Udemy platform itself. And it is available at two places. Uh, start your course and you will see one lecture known as node for students before they start in the first section. Before you start section, the last lecture is node for students before you start. So you go through that video. It's a video lecture. Finish that video. But you will see some resources folder in that video itself. Uh below this video. So come to resources. Just click that and you will see three things notebooks dot zip, sample data dot zip and capstone project zip. So notebook dot zip comes with all the notebooks that are used in this course. Sample data dot zip comes with all the data sets or the sample data that I'll be using to give you demo or help you learn, uh, things. So all that data is included. This course also comes with a capstone project. So all the capstone project resources are separate. They are given in the capstone project dot zip. And this zip file contains all the source code for the capstone project as well as all the data for the capstone project. So how do you get all these and how do you bring it in your platform? Let me quickly give you a demo. So first thing to download all this. So you click the notebook dot zip and it should help you download the notebook dot zip. Save it somewhere. I'm saving it on my desktop. So notebook dot zip is downloaded and saved. Uh, similarly you can download your sample data also and save it on your, uh, local machine. I'm saving it on my desktop. And then download the capstone dot zip and save that also. So basically you saved three zip files. So how to use those zip files. Let's try to understand that. So I'll go to my desktop I have uh these three zip files that I downloaded uh from the platform. Let's go with the notebooks dot zip first and you can extract it. It's a zip file. Extract that and then you will see something like this. So there are multiple notebooks. You can import them into your, uh, Databricks workspace. So let's come to the browser and let me show you how do you import it in your Databricks workspace. Creating Databricks workspace and working with the workspace. All those things I have shown in the course. You will learn that in the course. Uh, so, um, but let me show you at this stage itself that how do you import these notebooks in your Databricks workspace? So I'm opening my Databricks workspace. It's, uh, premium workspace in the Azure cloud. And once I logged in into it, it's a new blank workspace. How to create the workspace, how to work with the workspace and, uh, notebook environment, all that is covered in the course. Uh, it will make more sense, uh, once you learn those things. But let me help you understand how to import it notebooks into your environment. So once you are in the workspace, uh, come to the workspace menu and you will see workspace menu, uh, or workspace folder here. Or maybe you will see your home folder. So go to your home folder. You will see uh blank um area here. Uh come here and click the import. And import will show you to browse your notebooks and import it in your workspace. Maybe you can browse and come to your, uh, desktop. And on my desktop. I extracted my notebooks in this folder. So let's say I want to import the utils dot dbc. Or maybe you can select all and import them at once. So all the files that I selected from there are selected. Hit the import button, and all these will be imported in your home directory in your workspace. Right. Close these. And in the workspace you will get folders created in the chapter four. You have these many notebooks in chapter five. You have these many notebooks you have in chapter seven. You have these many notebooks. So all the source code is now in your Databricks workspace. And all the notebooks are in this course are available in two formats. Same notebook, for example zero one magic commands notebook. There are two copies of this. These notebooks. Every notebook comes with two copies. Most of the cases one is solution, one is exercise. So exercise notebook. Let me open it in a new tab and solution notebook also in a new tab. Right. So this is your exercise notebook. Basically exercise notebook is a blank notebook where um some comments are there. And we have some blank cells here where you can, uh, type things or do things that you want to do. All these are used in the course I'll be teaching using the exercise notebook and typing all the code, giving you explanation. But if you want to do it yourself, if you want to repeat it yourself, you can use the exercise notebooks. These are blank notebooks with step by step questions or scenarios listed there. The Solutions notebook is a completed notebook, so if you come to Solutions notebook all the cells are filled right. So similarly if you come to let's say this chapter seven right. And uh look at the exercise notebook. You can expand it from here. Also exercise notebook comes with empty cells. And the copy of that same notebook with solutions comes with the code written in it. So you can use the exercise notebooks for doing your hands on activities. And then if you are stuck somewhere, or if you want to refer to a completed notebook, you can look at the solutions notebook. So that's how the code is structured. The entire source code is available for you as a single zip file download. You can bring them here. Right. So that's all about the source code. Now next thing is how do you access the sample data. So. You also downloaded the sample data dot zip extract that and once you extract that you will see um data folder. And in the data folder you will see some other folders for the sample data. So this sample data is available on your local machine. But we will be using it from the cloud. So you have to upload this sample data into your cloud environment. We will cover that in the course. How to create uh cloud storage. How to create cloud storage account and storage container, how to create directories and how to upload data into the directories. But for for now, let me give you an idea. Uh, so go to your Azure portal. We will be using Azure Cloud for this course. So I'm going to my Azure portal. And in your Azure portal you are supposed to create one storage account. I have already created it. Uh storage account name is uh Prashanth s. So go to your storage account and uh, come to containers and you will be asked to create one container. Container name is Dbfs hyphen container. So create that container and go inside the container. All that is also explained in the course step by step as we are doing activities in the course. But just to summarize, uh, you will be creating a container and once your container is created, you have to upload all your sample data files in this container. Container name is Dbfs container. So for that let's say I come here, take all these, uh, select all these and come back to my browser and drag and drop things here. It will. Let's call the files and hit the upload button. And all your data sample data that you downloaded will be uploaded into the cloud container. And the source code or the examples of this course will be using it from the cloud container, uh, from these directories. So that's how you can upload your sample data, uh, for this course. Uh, but more details about this is uh, covered in your course also. So that's about the sample data. Let me close this and go back to the capstone project. So we have a capstone project also. So just extract that capstone project download. And once it is extracted you will see one folder for Capstone Project. Inside that folder we have three some other folders. So data set comes with all the sample data for the capstone project. Uh notebooks comes with all the notebook for the capstone project. These are solution notebooks and other code. We have some other codes like your Rest API code or uh, shell scripts or other things that are included here. So whatever is needed for the capstone project or whatever we are using in this course for the capstone project is also available to you for download. Let me help you with one more information. So come back to your, uh, course, uh, your, uh, platform. And in every chapter, like the first chapter, every chapter, the last lecture of every chapter comes with resources. So first chapter resources are complete resources for the entire course. We have already seen that you close the first chapter and come to the second chapter. You will see a resources folder here. Also come to third chapter you will see a resources folder here. Also at the end in the last lecture of that uh chapter. So what is included here. Right. So in this you will see either PDF file used in the course, uh slides used in this course available to you as PDF file. So you can download it from there. Or if you close this come to the uh, maybe this chapter, you will see another resources folder here for the chapter. And here we have one PDF file. This is the PDF file. Then we have one DVC file which is Databricks Archive which is nothing but a bunch of notebooks for that chapter. So chapter wise notebooks are also available in the chapter resources. All of it is available in the first resource, uh, itself in the first chapter itself. But if you want to go chapter by chapter and download resources, chapter by chapter, you have the chapter by chapter resources also. Uh, and that includes your PDF, uh, your notebooks and data. This chapter uses only one data file. So we have one data file. So like that you have complete resource in the first chapter resources here and then chapter by chapter resources also available to you for each chapter in the last lecture of the chapter. So it's your preference how you want to download it. One shot or one by one, um, do it whatever way you want. So that's all about the resources. Uh, a lot to learn in this course. I'll see you in the course. Keep learning and keep growing.