Hello, and welcome to this lecture, Firewalls inside VPC. So far, what we have seen is, all about the networking. We saw VPC, subnets, route table, and essentially all these component sets up the network between the EC2 instances and other components. So, what we talked about is, if there are multiple, say, EC2 instances, and they want to talk to each other, what kind of networking things we will set up. So there will be a VPC and route table and everything. And this ensures that traffic can flow from one machine to another machine, right? Now, you consider this network as a say, highway between two cities and we are just making sure there is a road to go from one city to another city. That's all about the networking. Now, in this lecture, we want to talk about firewalls, which are like, you know, toll booths outside of your city. So, if you want to enter the city, you need to take permission from the person. So these are called the firewalls, right? And in VPC, there are two kinds of firewalls, security groups and network ACL, or network access control list. So from this diagram, you can see that, security groups are closely associated with the EC2 instance, however, the network ACL sits at the subnet level. That means when the traffic comes in, first, it hits the network ACL, if it allows that traffic, it will go to the security group, if it allows the traffic, it will reach to your EC2 instances. And the same way, the other way around. If the traffic has to go from your EC2 instances to outside, outside of VPC or to the internet, again, it has to pass both these firewalls, security groups and network ACL. And that's how the traffic can be controlled. So, we are going to deep dive into both these firewalls shortly. Okay, let's look at the security group first. So, these are the fundamental of networking security in AWS, and you must understand security group well. They control the traffic, how it is allowed into, or out of your EC2 machine. And given an example, suppose there is an internet and someone is trying to reach, to say, your EC2 instance, you've make sure you are allowing that traffic to come into your EC2 instance via the security group. So that's an inbound traffic for your instance. And if your instance is going out to internet, that is called the outbound traffic for your EC2 instance. So, it is must that, you understand how security group works, what kind of traffic you can control, and what is the difference between security groups and network ACL. And we'll see that shortly. So, security group typically prevents traffic to reach to certain port of your EC2 instances. And we will see how that works. So, given a security group, which is attached to your EC2 instance, there could be multiple EC2 instances as well. But, here we are showing, like, there is one security group and are some inbound rules here, and there are outbound rules into your security group. So, in inbound rule, if you allow certain IP addresses to connect to your EC2 instance on certain port, then the traffic will be allowed. For example, you want to allow a traffic on port 22, it will be allowed. However, if there is some other machine which has some different IP address, of course, and you do not authorize that rule as an inbound rule into your security group, the traffic will not be allowed, It would be denied. Similarly, from your EC2 instance, if you want to go outside and reach to the internet, and if that traffic is allowed in the outbound rule of the security group, then only from your instance, you would be able to reach to internet. So, security group essentially regulate the access to the ports. Now, what do I mean by access to the port is like, you have EC2 instance and you have some, say, web application running inside this EC2 instance, it must be listening on some port, right? Typically 80 or 4, 4, 3. So in the security group, you will define rule, which is bound to these ports there. Now, as a source, who can connect to your EC2 instance? They could be IPv4 addresses, or they could be IPv6 addresses. So in the source part of the rule, you will define which IPC ideas can connect to my instance. Now they control the traffic which flows inside your EC2 instance, as well as the traffic which goes out of your EC2 instance. So all this is controlled using the security group. Now, there is a very good thing to understand about security group, is that , security groups are stateful. So, this is very important, with respect to exam as well. And let's try to understand what does that mean. Let's take an example. You have an EC2 instance. Pardon my diagram. And, you are again, running a web server, which is listening on port 80 onto your machine. And you want to make sure everyone can access your website. And this is, say, your machine and it has some random IP address, 1,2,3,4, just for an example. So of course, you will attach one security group to your instance here, right? And you will write some inbound rules. That is the first thing you need to do. So there will be some inbound rule and there will be some outbound rule. So, what inbound rule do you need here? Of course, you need a rule which says, for STTP port 80, I want to allow IP address 1 dot 2 dot 3 dot 4 to connect to my instance. Now, as soon as this happens, you can connect from here to here over the internet. Now this is, this is given because we have added this rule. Now, what about the outbound, right? If you see my EC2 will response, respond with the web content, that means it will also send the data out to my this machine. And if you look at, this looks to be an outbound traffic for my EC2 instance. So does that mean you have to also open, say, rule, which says the return traffic has to go to this IP address, like here, that is not required in EC2 instance security groups. So, that's where security groups are called stateful. That means, you don't need to write an outbound, sorry, return traffic into the outbound rules. It is by default allowed. So, if you are allowing the inbound traffic, the written traffic will go automatically. Even if you don't have any rule here, the traffic will still go back. So that's a statefulness of your EC2 instances. And remember this, because it's very essential for some of the scenarios given in the exam, security groups are stateful vs the network ACL, which we'll see shortly, right? So that's the one thing. But, considered another case, where now you don't have, for example, this scenario, but your EC2 instance is trying to reach to www, internet. Now, in this case, in the outbound rule, here, this is an outbound traffic, which is originating on my EC2 instance, right? In that means, also, I need to now open a port 80 of this server, which could be internet. So I'll do that in my outbound rules, because now traffic is originating from my EC2 instance and going out to the internet. And the similarly, I don't need to have now inbound rule again, for the return traffic from here. So, even if my inbound rule does not have anything, this traffic will come back to my EC2 instance. So I know this could be a little confusing, but this is what an EC2 instance security group statefulness means. So remember these things. Okay, one more thing about the security group, which you need to remember is that, you can reference another security group into, as a source into your inbound rule or an outbound rule. Now, what does that mean? So this is just an example of how inbound rules looks like, and this is the referencing security groups into the inbound rules of another security group. So let's take an example, You have an EC2 instance, and there is one security group attached to this instance, what you can do, instead of adding this IP address as a source, you can add a security group of this EC2 instance as a source. Now, this looks something weird. That means, we are not really adding an IP address or a CIDR, we are directly adding the security group as a source. Now, why someone would do that? Let's take an example. Suppose you have a fleet of say web servers, right? And there are multiple EC2 instances in this web server tier. Now these are all EC2 instances, and this is my web tier, and this is my EC2 instances, right? And now this, my web tier talks to app tier. So similarly I have app tier, here. App tire is like application servers. Again, these are multiple EC2 instances. Now, every web tier should be able to talk to any of the app tier. And in that case, it would make sense to create one dedicated security group, and which is attached to all my application servers. And this security group says, connect to say, port 80, 80. Right? 80, 80 of any of these apps servers, and the source would be, you'd have to add all the IP addresses of all the web servers into this as a source, as an inbound rule. Because, you know, this machine should only accept traffic from this web servers. Now that's something extra work, right? If tomorrow you add one more web server here, you need to add this entry here again in the inbound rule. And this concept of referencing security group actually help us here. So for example, now web tier also we have one security group, right? Which allows again, traffic from the internet, say, on port 80, I'm allowing the inbound rule from 0, 0, 0, but we are not concerned about that right now. What we say, in this security group, if the security group ID say 1, 2, 3, we will have an inbound rule here. We say, port 80, 80, allow traffic as a source from this security group, which is SG 1 2 3 Now, even if you add a new EC2 instance in this web tier. Of course, I'm assuming this EC2 instance would be attached to the same security group. You don't need to do anything. As you have source as this security group, that traffic will automatically be allowed. So that's what this referencing the security group means. Here, we are allowing this two security groups to be as an inbound rule for my, this instance, So traffic would be allowed. But if there is a third instance, which has a different security group, the traffic won't be allowed. So essentially, this is what the, referencing the security group means, and you can do that very well. So, good to know about security group. Now, a security group can be attached to multiple instances. This is what we just saw in the web and app tier. Security group can be logged on at region and VPC combination, which means they are at a VPC level. The traffic leaves outside your EC2 instance. That means, it hits the security group, and if security group does not allow, it never hits your EC2 instance. If your application is not accessible, you get a timeout error. Typically, it's a security group problem. If it is a connection refused error, then it means, security group is allowing, but your application is not allowing that traffic. So, this could be helpful in troubleshooting certain scenarios given in the exam. Now, by default, if you create a new security group, all the inbound traffic is blocked. When I say blocked, that means there are no rules in the security group. So, your security group will look something like this, there are no inbound rules. And all the outbound traffic in default security group would be all allowed. So, you'll see all traffic allowed to reach to the internet. So that's a default behavior of security group, but of course you can anytime go and change that behavior, you can add an inbound and outbound rules as you want. So, that's about security group. And we will shortly see now about the network ACL in the next lecture. Thank you.