Hello and welcome to this lecture, default VPC. So, so far we saw custom VPCs typically, we understood how the VPC, route table, subnets, everything works, but if you have ever tried to launch an EC2 instance, by default, it won't ask you to set up the network or anything that's because of for our convenience, every AWS region has one default VPC created by default. And when you launch your first EC2 instance, it gets deployed into that particular VPC, into one of the subnets inside that VPC, and then you can access your EC2 instance over internet and you connect to it. So this all happens because there is something called a default VPC, and there is nothing special about this VPC per se. That means you can anytime go and delete this VPC, but for making it easier, this default VPC is created in every region for you. So let's look at how the default VPC looks like so that we know why certain things are working, why certain things are not working in case you are deploying everything into the default VPC. However, it is highly recommended that you always use your own VPC and you manage your routes and gateways yourself. Default VPC is probably for the quick access to launching EC2 instance like that. So as you can see here in the diagram, every region would have a VPC and this VPC would typically have one subnet per availability zone, because subnet and availability zone is like one-to-one relation. At least one subnet cannot be in AZs, right? So if you want to have your EC2 instance in any of the AZ, that means you need a sub-net in that AZ. And that's your default VPC create as many AZ as those mini subnets are created. So in Mumbai, there are three AZs as of today. And that's why you see there are three subnets created for you automatically as a part of default VPC. If you are talking about Sinatra, Virginia, there are six availability zones, and that's why there will be six public subnets. Now the other thing is the CIDR ranges constant across all the regions. As this is a private IP address range, you can very well have the same range anywhere in any region. So the range it takes is 172.31.00/16. Now, let's talk about the route tables and internet connectivity. This default VPC comes with a single internet gateway, and instead of creating an individual route table for every subnet, there is already a route in the main route table for the internet gateway, which means all these subnets will follow this main route table by default, and they become the public subnet because there is a route for internet gateway and all subnets follow the same rules. So this is how the default VPC looks like. Let's go over the properties again. Every region has a default VPC. Yeah, it has this fixed CIDR. Then there is a subnet in every AZ. The subnet ranges /20. That means two raised to 12 IP addresses, that is 4096 IP addresses in every subnet and usable will be 4091 as five IPs are reserved. Further, it also creates internet gateway and it adds a route table. Actually it adds a rule to the main route table with this IGW, with the destination as internet IP address. So that's what makes the default VPC. Just let's look at the actual default VPC. Now, if you look at this, my console, I'm in the Mumbai region and currently I have two VPCs out of which, the shorter ID is the default VPC. And you can look at its properties like it says here, the default VPC is, yes, right? And if you look at the subnets, this VPC has this three subnets and the CIDR is 172.31.0.0/20, and subsequently for the other subnets as well. Now let's look at the route table, as I said. So this VPC has one main route table, which is this. You can look at the tag as main as yes here. And if you look at the routes now, it has this route for internet traffic. So this eventually makes the default VPC. Now many are times by accidentally, you may delete the default VPC, or if you want to recreate the default VPC, you can do that. You can just go here on the VPC console to your VPCs and through actions, you can say, create a default VPC. Right now I already have a default VPC, and that's why the option is disable. So that's about the default VPC. Just more thing about default VPC is that if deleted, you can recreate it from your VPC's action and create default VPC. So as of now, this is what you need to know about the default VPC. So don't worry if it gets deleted, you can recreate it, and there is nothing magical about it. Everything that we learned applies to the default VPC as well. So that's it about it and stay tuned for the next lectures. Thank you.