Hello and welcome to this lecture. Now is the time where we see what we just learned. So in this particular exercise, we are going to create a VPC and a single Public subnet, then we want to launch an EC2 instance in a public subnet and we want to connect it. So this is typically the first step in AWS whenever you want to launch EC2 instance, but we are not doing that in a default VPC. instead, we will set up a network for this. So if you look at this diagram, essentially, this is what we are going to do. We will create one VPC with the CIDR 10.100.0.0.16. Then we will create an internet gateway, attach it to the VPC. Then we'll create one subnet in one of the availability zone and then we will create a route table for the subnet and make it a public subnet by adding a route for internet. Once that is done, we will launch an EC2 instance, we'll assign a public IP because you know that EC2 instance must have public IP if it has to be reachable from the internet. And once that is done, we will connect to this instance using SSH key peer. Now this will be a Linux machine and that's where we'll be using SSH for the connection. So the route table will look something like this as you understand this, this is a local route which comes by default and we will add the second rule, what you see here. Now, if I want to just list down the steps, again first thing we will do is delete our default VPC, just to make sure that, you know, it don't interfere with your VPCs in the sense like when you go through the console, maybe by mistake, you might select the default VPC while creating a subnet and then you'll wonder where my subnet gone. So initially, people who are new to AWS makes those kinds of mistakes. So in order to make sure you don't do that, we will delete default VPC and as you know, we can anytime go back and create a default VPC as required. Then we will create a VPC as you can see here, we'll create internet gateway, we'll attach internet gateway to the VPC, we will create one subnet with the CIDR range 10.100.0.0.24. Now this is created in Mumbai and we will select one of the easy available in the Mumbai. We will also set this parameter that is auto send public IP to enable so that when instance is launched, it will automatically get the public IP. If you don't do that, then while launching the instance, you can still do that, but by default, it won't have the public IP address. Then again, you will not use the main route table, as you know, we will create a custom route table, we will add a route for the internet gateway and then we will associate this route table with the subnet. So essentially this is what we are going to do in this exercise. So let's go to our AWS console. I have these two VPCs. What I'll do, I'll just delete both of these VPCs so that I know that there are no more VPCs. I'll just acknowledge that and I will say delete default VPC. Now this is a new console. So in your case, if you are still using the older version of the UI, you might not see similar things, but essentially all the controls are the same. I also have some other VPC, which I had created earlier. So I will also delete this VPC. Okay now you can see, I don't have any VPC, I'm in the Mumbai region. Next I'm going to do is to just create a VPC with some name, I'll call it my VPC with the IP address range 10.100.00.16 and rest of the settings, I'm keeping as default. I don't want IPv6 addresses as of now. I just want IPv4 addresses in this VPC. So that's it and I'll create VPC. VPC gets created immediately. As we know, every VPC has subnets and we can also attach internet gateway so that should be the next step. I'm just creating one internet gateway. Maybe I'll just call it "MyVPCIGW". Whatever name you want to give, you can and just create that. Once internet gateway is created, you have to attach it to the VPC. So let's say attached to the VPC and select your VPC and that's it. So if you look at this architecture diagram, we had-- or a network diagram, rather. We just created this VPC and we created internet gateway and attach it. Now, next we need to create subnet. So I'm just going to the subnet. There are no sub networks right now. I'm just creating the first one and I want to make it public so I'll just name it like that. So public subnet. So that just her name, does not really mean it would be a public, unless you are corresponding group tables. Make sure you select the right VPC. Many times people make some mistakes where they select the wrong VPC and then they don't find that subnet. Now at this moment, you will select which EC2 subnet will be created in. Right? And that means your EC2 instance will also be created in that given AZ. So I'm selecting the first AZ (mumbles) 1A and the CIDR block I'll be giving 10.100.0.0.24. I'm just creating that. So subnet is created automatically. Just one more thing I'll be doing is just setting up the auto assign public IP settings to be enabled so that it automatically gets the public IP address when the instances launched. Okay, I have done that, but as of now, this subnet is still referring to the main route table of the VPC. I want to create a dedicated route table for this subnet. So let me go to the route table and let me create a new route table. I will call it again, my VPC and this is a route table for public traffic. So I call it public. I'll select my BPC and create it. And now I have this route table. I need to modify this. As you know, every route table will come with a default route, which is a local for the VPC. I will just edit this and add one route which says, if the traffic is for the internet, it has to go through IGW. That's it. You can also select from the dropdown and just save the routes. But as of now, if you expect it to work right, it won't because we just created one route table, which is not attached to anything right now. Many times we create route table, but we forget to attach it to the corresponding subnets. So right now this is kind of isolated route table within that VPC. So next thing you want to make sure, you attach it to the subnet. So come here to submit association. It say, edit subnet associations and select the subnet that you had created. Right? And just save it. Now at this moment, now my subnet-- if you go to your subnets and just go to the route it will show you the route for the internet because we have attached this subnet that we have created with this table as well. So I think we are done with the network setup, whatever is shown here. Next step is to go and launch EC2 instance in this public subnet. So for that, we need to launch an EC2 console here. Now, as you know, for connecting to EC2, we also need a key peer. Now I had created a key peer earlier. I have two key peers there. So I'll be using one of those key peers. If you don't have a key peer, you can just create a new key peer. It will ask you to download the private key and it will keep the public key here. So in my case, I already have this demo Mumbai key peer created. So let me go to the instances and let me just launch an instance. Now, in this case, I will launch a T2 micro, which is a free instance for first 12 months, comes in a free deal. Maybe my network is little slow so just bear with me or let me just refresh. Sometimes it works. Okay so I'm selecting the Linux on instance, Amazon Linux 2 which comes by default and now I'm going to select the instance types and then I'll select the next storage and network as well. Okay, I'm selecting T2 micro. Let's go to the instance. Now this is a page where you will select the network. So make sure you select the right VPC and right subnet. So I'm selecting my BPC and I'm also selecting my public subnet. Now, in my case, there is only one VPC. That's where these values are populated. If there are multiple VPCs, you might have different VPC selected by default. And now you also can see auto send public IP is enabled by default. If you see disabled, you can also enable it from here as well. If you did not set up that at the subnet level auto send public IP settings. So that's it at this page. We just want to go and add a storage. Now for this EC2 instance, we are going with the default eight GB storage. As a tag, make sure you always add at least this name tag and you call it, let's say EC2A, That is my first instance. And next comes the security group, right? Now, you need to think what security group you will be having. I mean, what rules you will be having, right? So think, right? I need to SSH to this machine on port 22. Now for that, we need to allow this from some IP address, which could be my IP address where I'm sitting right now. So it automatically detects that IP address, but if you want to open it for the world, you can make it anywhere. That's where it allows both IPv4 and IPv6 internet address. Right? So let's keep it secure using my IP address. And if you are hosting a web server, you would really need more rules like port 80, like that. So that's it. And we will launch the instance. At the last screen it will ask for the key peers. So in my case, I already have this key peer. I just acknowledge and launch the instance. So that's it about launching the instance. Now, the last thing we want to do once the instance is up and running, we want to make sure we can connect to this instance from my workstation. So this will take hardly maybe a minute or so for instance to be in running state. So I'm just pausing this video till that time. Okay, my instance is running. Status check is still initializing, but that's okay. Before that, even if it is not a status check two by two, we can still connect to this instance. So for connecting to this instance or internet, what I need is it's public IP and that's what I'm going to copy it. And now from a local client on my machine, I can SSH to this machine. So I'm right now is-- I'm using the windows machine and that's where I can use a putty to connect to my instance. I'm just putting its public IP. And the next thing I'll be doing is loading my SSH key, which I had downloaded earlier. This one and I'm just opening the connection. So it will-- if the instance is up and running, it will just connect me to the instance. So it asks me for accepting the server key so that it is a known server we know. and the default user for this Amazon Linux machine is EC2-user. You just enter that and you are into this instance. So that's what this exercise is all about. If you look at our architecture again, we did everything that is mentioned in this diagram, right? So if you want to do the same, it is included as an exercise. So I strongly recommend if you haven't done that earlier, please do this exercise. Thanks for watching.