Hello, and welcome to this exercise. We are continuing the previous setup that we had created, where we had one VPC with a public subnet, and then we just launched one EC2 instance and connected to it over Internet. Now we are extending the same exercise, and this time we want to add one more subnet to the same setup. But this will be a private subnet. So as it's a private subnet, we will create one route table for the subnet and we won't add any additional rule there. It would have a default route for our local router. So I hope you remember what is private and public subnet. And we are just going to do the same. So essentially, we will create this subnet. We will have now another EC2 instance in this subnet as being a private subnet, we will launch a private EC2 instance with just one private IP address. It won't have the public IP address. Now, the question is, how do you reach to this instance? Can you reach to this instance from Internet directly? No, because it's not in a public subnet and it does not have the public IP address. So if you think, the only way to reach to these instances from this EC2 instance. Because you can reach to this public instance and because these are part of the same VPC. You know that there is a route which is this local route, which allows a traffic to go from this particular EC2 instance to this particular EC2 instance. So this is what we are going to do in this exercise. So the steps are, we will be creating one more subnet with a different CIDR, and then we'll create one more route table and we won't add any additional routes there. Then we will associate this route table with the private subnet that we created. And similarly, we will launch one more EC2 instance in this private subnet. But this time, it won't have the public IP address. Also we'll create a security group for this instance. We'll call this instance as EC2-B. Now you need to think what should be the inbound rule in the security group of this EC2-B instance. Now, if you, again, look at this particular diagram, the traffic, this instance will receive is only from this instance or this sub-net, for example. So you need to open a security group inbound rule only for either this instance, or you want to make it like available for all the instances in this subnet. You can add the subnet CIDR, which is a private IP CIDR. So there are multiple options, but understand that you can't reach to this instance directly from the Internet. So adding my IP or Internet, but they won't help likewise. So let's do the exercise. I'm just going to continue with the same steps that have been shown here. And I'll come to this additional step just after we create an infrastructure. So I'm going to my EC2 instance again. This time first, I'll go to the VPC. I'll go to the subnets, and I will create a new subnet. I will call it my, just a minute. It's refreshing. So I'll call this subnet as a name of my VPC, just so that I can identify and I call it private. I will select my VPC and I will select another availability zone this time, just to make sure I have subnet across two different availability zone and the CIDR 10.100.1.0/24. If you remember, we already had a 0024 allocated to public subnet. That's where we can't use the same range here. If you tried to do that, it will say that it already exist. So we are just making it 1.0/24. Okay. The subnet has been created. Now. I want to create also a dedicated route table for this subnet. I will just do the same thing. My VPC. This is my private subnet. And now if you look at this subnet, which is private, and you look at the route inside this route table, just as this local route. And we don't need to add a Internet route here because it's a private. So I'm just making sure I associate with the subnet that I just created so that my private subnet follows the corresponding route table and the rules. Let's verify that. Let's go to the subnet. Let's look at the private one. And you see there is only one route. So that's the network that we wanted to set up. If you look at this, this is what we did. We just created these two things. Now let's go to EC2, and this time launch another EC2 instance. So I'm going here again. I'm selecting the Amazon Linux again. Let's select Amazon Linux2, and select t2 micro. Now here is the place where you select VPC and the subnets. So there is just one VPC. And here you make sure you select your private subnet and auto send public IP is disabled by default because we did not enable that subnet level. Even if it is enabled, it does not really make sense because subnet is private. So even if you allocate a public IP, you can't connect to instance from the Internet. So rather, we will keep it disabled here. We'll just go with the rest of the things as a default, just reliable and tax so that we can identify our instance, We'll call it EC2-B. And now comes the security group. As I said, you need to think just what rule it should have. So we want to connect it over SSH port 22, and the source should be, again either this particular EC2 instance or this subnet CIDR. Or you can add the security group of this EC2 instance, or you can add whole VPC as a range, because this is ultimately a part of my VPC CIDR. So anything works, I'll just make it like at VPC level. So that any instance in the VPC can connect to this instance. Additionally, I also want to enable the PING so that my EC2-B instance can PING to EC2-B. So PING is ICMP. So I'm just making all ICMP. And again, for the same IP address range. Okay. That's it. I'll be just launching the instance. I'm using same SSH key pair. As you know, you can use the same key pair for any number of the instances. And I'm just launching the instance. Okay. So instance has been launched. It will take a minute or so to get into completely running state. Now thing to consider here is that how do you connect to this instance? So as you know, the first step is to connect to public EC2 instance, which I had shown in the earlier lecture. And from there, now we want to connect to this EC2 instance. But how would you connect? Again, it would be an SSH connection. And that means you also need to authenticate using the same private key while you log in from here to here. Now for that, there are a couple of options with SSH, you can do SSH channeling as well, or SSH forwarding as well. But simplest way is you get your SSH private key onto this machine. And then while executing the SSH command to get to this instance, you use that same private key. And this is what we are going to do. So steps are already listed here. In order to connect to EC2-B, you first need to copy your SSH key file to EC2-A instance. You can create a vi with vi editor or any other editor that you know. You can create a file, copy the content of the pem file, save the file. You can change the permission because this is what is needed. Permission should be 600 or below for the key file. And then you use that key file to connect to your EC2-B instance. So let's do that. First thing, let's try to connect to EC2-A. So this is my earlier session. I'm just restarting this session. If your session get killed, you can always go and restart it. So this is my EC2-A machine. What I need to do is actually create one key file, which I'll use to log in to EC2-B So I'm just doing vikey.pem. I'm pressing I to get into the insert mode. Now these are all vi editor commands. If you are comfortable with some other editor, feel free to use that. I'm just copying my pem file content, testing it here, and saving the file. And finally, I'm just changing the five permissions to 600, or you can even do the 400 as well. That's it. Now what I can do is I can do a SSH-I, I can use this file and then I need to log in to EC2-B. For that, I need to give a private IP address of EC2-B. So I know at least first three octet of my EC2, the last IP address I don't know because it is located from the DSCP. So I need to go to my console again and see the private IP, which is 198.10.1.198. This one is the IP address. And you see my IP is this. That means I am into my EC2 instance, EC2-B instance. So this is what we wanted to do. Also, I'm just exiting. It takes me to EC2 instance E. Let's see if we can PING to EC2-B from here because we had enabled the ICMP traffic. And yes we can. So our connectivity is set up the way we wanted. If you, again, go back and look at your architecture diagram, it has been set up the way it has been shown here. So always follow the diagram. If you really draw the diagram well, probably you need not see your steps. You can implement everything, just looking at the diagram. Just one more thing before we move to the next lecture. Do you think from this EC2-B instance, we can connect to Internet? What I'm trying to say is now we are here in the console. From here, if I do PING to say amazon.com, should I be able to do that? Now let's validate that. First thing is we need to see if a route table has a route to go to Internet. Does it? It does not. Now even if you are that, we need to work? It won't because instance also need a public IP address, which this instance does not have. That means this instance cannot talk to Internet. Let's try to make sure I'm just doing ping amazon.com. Now this is instance E by the way, that's where it's working. So let me go back to instance B, and now let's try to do ping amazon.com. And it does not because there is no connectivity. And we know that for sure. So how to fix that, we'll see that in the following lectures, where we'll understand what is NAT and how to enable the outbound Internet connectivity using the NAT gateway. So that's it for this lecture. You can also do this exercise on your own. And best luck. Thank you.