Hello and welcome to this lecture where we are going to see how to use a NAT gateway inside VPC. So in the earlier lecture, what we have seen is a VPC with a public and private subnet. And we also did a exercise where we launched EC2 instance A into public subnet, EC2 instance B in a private subnet. And then from A we connected to B. And then we also see while we logged into instance B, we could not connect to internet. We could not do, being to amazon.com or google.com simply because there is no outbound internet connectivity. Now, obviously one option is to make instance B also public and also put it into a public subnet, but that's not the way anyone would want to have that, right? Maybe you have an application server, which needs to be only accessed from the web server, but on the application server you want to download certain packages or it needs to access external websites. Now, in that case, you only need an outbound internet connectivity from the instances in the private subnet, like here, you don't need the other way or the other way around the connectivity, like from internet, no one should be able to reach to our instance directly. And that's the purpose of private subnet, as we learned earlier. So what is the solution? Of course, the solution is something called a NAT (network address translation). So what does NAT do is basically, you send all your outbound internet traffic to the NAT, and then NAT will talk to outside world and will exchange a packet for you, and will give you the packet back. So NAT act as a network address translation unit. And how natting work is something like this. You need to have this NAT into the public subnet because it has to talk to internet directly. So that make sense. You can launch it in our existing public subnet, but ideal is to have a dedicated subnets for NAT as well. Now, the scope of NAT is also a AZ level. That means when you create a public subnet, it will be in either of the AZ and your NAT gateway will be in that AZ only. But it is very well possible that instances from multiple subnet in across different availability zones can route their traffic to internet through the same NAT gateway. And shortly, we will also discuss about some highly available architecture for the NAT here. So, when you create a NAT, it should be in a public subnet. And of course, you need to modify the route table now for your private subnet and you need to say, if the traffic is going to the internet IP address, it has to now go through the NAT, right? And this is the device ID for the NAT that we have. So once you do that, your traffic should go out from this instance to the internet. So, what does essentially NAT mean is, NAT is network address translation. That's how it is said, but what exactly it does? So, when this instance wants to talk to say a google.com, it sends one IP packet, right? In that IP packet, there is at least these two things, source address and the destination address. Now, source address is its own private IP address. And the destination address is, say Google service, a public IP address, which for example, we are taking again, an example 1.2.3.4. Now, this packet now reaches to the NAT and what NAT does is, it does this source natting. That is SNAT, right? In that case what it does, it replaces this packet and instead of this source address, it puts its own public IP address or Elastic IP address, right? So NAT needs Elastic or a public IP address. And then it will put its own IP address. Let's take an example, say 10.11.12.13, and the destination address is same as 1.2.3.4. Now, as NAT can talk to internet, now this packet from here goes to the internet gateway, and it will go to the Google's server, which is 1.2.3.4 and Google knows that it has to return the traffic or reply to the message. And it sends the response back to the NAT instance here. So once the NAT receives the packet, it knows that this packet originally I had received from this instance, it again, sends that packet back to this instance. So in this whole flow, this server neighbor knows about this private IP or this EC2 instance, right? Only it knows about this NAT IP address and that's called the source NAT. So, in order to have this NAT functionality, there are a couple of options in a VPC. So, first thing is you could have AWS managed NAT, which is called NAT gateways. And this is what is recommended for your production workloads. So NAT gateway is a managed AWS service, right? You create a NAT gateway into a public subnet, you allocate an Elastic IP to that, and you modify your route tables for your private subnets to send the outbound internet traffic through that NAT gateway. Now, a good thing is that it is highly available within that AZ. You don't need to worry about availability of, you don't need to really monitor those, you don't need to really scale those NAT gateways. So, that's given by AWS itself. But many times you don't want to do that, you don't want to use managed NAT gateway. There could be multiple reasons. One, maybe a cost, that is you see that NAT gateway has a little higher cost than if you launch your own EC2 instance and manage it as a NAT or configure it as a NAT, probably it has a lesser cost. So maybe for your dev and QA, you don't need to pay for NAT gateways. You can very well do that using your own EC2 instance, as well. Again, it has to be in a public subnet, similar to the NAT gateway. There could be other reasons like maybe on this particular instance you want to put additional IPS and IDS system so that you can very well use those software to block certain traffic, right? So, there could be this kind of reasons where you don't want to go with a NAT gateway, but otherwise, it is always recommended to go with the NAT gateway. So, the placement of NAT gateway again, it should be in a public subnet like shown here. It should also have the Elastic IP address. So if you are using NAT gateway, it must have Elastic IP. If you are using NAT instance, that means you own EC2 instance, which acts as a NAT, you can have either Elastic IP or Public IP, anything is okay. There are a few more things to consider when you configure your own EC2 instance as a NAT, and we'll talk about that shortly, but so far, let's keep our discussion for NAT gateway only. So, a NAT gateway is AWS managed, It provides higher bandwidth, better availability, and there is no administrative work. High availability is taken care by AWS. As it's a managed service, there is a per hour charges and there are two kinds of charges for the NAT. One is per hour running cost and then how much data it really processes. So if you are uploading and downloading, say 5GB or 10GB of data, that is per GB charges for the NAT for processing that data. Now, as you see from the diagram, NAT is created in a specific AZ, and it uses the Elastic IP address. Now, this also means that for some reason, if your AZ goes down in which you have the NAT gateway, maybe you lose the outbound internet connectivity for other instances, if you are routing all traffic to the single NAT gateway, and we will shortly see how to handle this. And now with respect to the bandwidth, NAT scales from 5 Gbps up to 100 Gbps. And as I said, it automatically does that, you don't need to configure anything on the NAT gateway site. Other thing to remember is that NAT gateway does not have any security group. That means you can't really control what traffic flows in and out of your NAT gateway. It is completely managed by AWS, however, whatever Network ACL you apply at the subnet level, also applies to your NAT gateways. Because if you, again, look at the network diagram a NAT gateway sits inside your subnet, so it follows all the Network ACL rules, which you set at the subnet level. As a protocol it supports TCP, UDP and ICMP. And for outbound internet connection as we saw, typically our system uses the ephemeral port range, but the NAT uses the port range from 1024-65535. So, these are the thing you need to remember for the NAT. Shortly, we'll also do the exercise around this, in which we are going to see how to set up a NAT gateway and how to route traffic from my private subnet using the NAT to the internet. So, if you see, we have already set up to at least this public subnet, private subnet, and two instances. And in the next lecture, we will see how to add a NAT gateway with the same setup. So stay tuned. Thank you.