Hello and welcome to this lecture. In this lecture, we are going to see how to set up NAT Gateway. So, if you remember earlier, what we had done was created this Public Subnet, Private Subnet and we launched two EC2 Instances. Then we logged into EC2 instance A and from there, we went to EC2 B and now from B we tried to reach to google.com or amazon.com and we could not because, of course, there is no on-board internet connectivity. So as you know, the solution is NAT Gateway. So in this exercise, we are going to create this Nat Gateway in our existing Public Subnet. Ideal would be to have a NAT Gateway into its own dedicated Subnet but for simplicity, let's create it into existing Public Subnet. And once we create the NAT, we will modify the route table for this Private Subnet and add a route. Something like this. Now thing to remember is that a NAT Gateway should also be having the Elastic IP. So first we will locate an Elastic IP and while launching NAT Gateway, we need to then associate the same Elastic IP. So step I have listed here, we'll be creating the NAT Gateway. We'll get one Elastic IP for NAT Gateway. Now it takes typically a four to five minutes for NAT Gateway to be completely abandoning. So will have to wait and once NAT is completely up, we will modify the private route table, as I just said. So just let's verify what setup. So this is my private EC2 Instance and from here, if I do ping google.com or amazon.com, I cannot do because there is no NAT. So let's go back to our console and let's go to our VPC console. That's where the NAT Gateway decides. And, now let's try to create an NAT Gateway. We will give it names, say my VPC, NAT Gateway. The Subnet, we want to have it in a Public Subnet, and we don't have Elastic IP as of now. So you can allocate one Elastic IP for this NAT Gateway. So that has been done and create a NAT Gateway. So it's very simple to create a NAT Gateway, just the steps and it will get created. As soon as you create a NAT Gateway, you would have to modify the route tables, right? So let's do that. Let's go to the route table and as you know, we need to modify our private route table. So I'm just going here and editing this route and seeing if the traffic from this needs to go to the internet, use NAT Gateway. So it populates this NAT Gateway ID and that's it. You save the routes. So, logically speaking at this moment, we are done with the NAT Gateway settings and the route table modifications. There are no security groups to the NAT Gateway as I explained in the last lecture. So there are no more settings to be done. So let's give it a minute or so for NAT Gateway to be completely abandoning. We can verify the status here as well. The status is still pending. So I'm pausing this video for maybe a couple of minutes. Okay. My NAT Gateway is available now that means if I go to my EC2 Instances and try to ping, I should be able to and that's what is happening. So that means our NAT is working perfectly fine and that's it for this lecture.