Hi. So if you are following the Reinvent 2025 announcement, you might heard about AWS regional Nat gateway. So in this lecture let's try to understand what is regional Nat gateway. But before we talk about that let's first talk about the traditional Nat gateway. So the scope of traditional Nat gateway is easy level which means for high availability of Nat gateways, you need to launch these Nat gateways in multiple AZS, which definitely adds some manual overhead. Further, in order to launch this Nat gateway, you need to have your own public subnet and you have to also configure the route for that subnet so that traffic can go from Nat gateway to the internet gateway. So your VPC setup will look something like this where the private subnet has the outbound internet connection for IPv4 addresses through the Nat gateway and Nat gateway subnet route table will have this route table entry to take the traffic out to the internet through the internet gateway. So that's a traditional Nat gateway. Now this Nat gateway is only in one AZ. And which means if this Nat gateway goes down, your application servers will not be able to access the internet. and that's where it is recommended to launch another Nat gateway in another AZ, which is obviously extra work for you. And that's where AWS has now launched regional Nat gateway. And as the name suggests, it works at the VPC level and it can span across multiple availability zone. And when you create this Nat gateway, you have the option to either automatically expand it to additional AZS. So depending on in which AZ you have your workload, this Nat gateway will automatically expand into that Z. However, if you need more control and if you want to configure in which all AZS this Nat gateway should be present, then you can also configure the manual mode for this Nat gateway where you can specify I want this Nat gateway in this specific AZS. Now few additional things that you should know about the Nat gateway is that because it is in multiple AZS, it tries to maintain the zonal affinity, which means traffic from a particular application server in AZ one will be routed through the Nat gateway in that AC only, so that there is no inter AZ data transfer charge further because now it is fully managed service, you do not need to create the public subnet for this regional Nat gateway. AWS will manage it for you. Further, there will also be a route table which will be automatically created for this regional Nat gateway. So this means for the end user, we just need to configure the private subnet route tables and route the internet bound traffic through the regional Nat gateway. And typically this is how the architecture for the Nat gateway will be. So you will have your instances in the private subnet. And for the regional Nat gateway you do not need to create any subnets. You will just create the Nat gateway in the VPC. And that's it. You then just need to modify the route table for this subnet to route the outbound internet traffic through the regional Nat gateway. Something like this. All right. So that's it about the Nat gateway that you should know as of now and in your AWS certification exam, this is not going to be there for at least by the end of 2026. So don't worry about that. This lecture was just for your information. All right with that. Now let's go to the next lecture.