So in bedrock we call rag knowledgebases. That's what they're wrapped up inside. And the idea is pretty much the same thing. So with bedrock, you can upload your own documents that you want to augment your generation with into S3. And that could be structured or unstructured. It could just be raw text, it could be JSON, structured data, whatever you got. And that goes into what we call a knowledge base in bedrock. In addition to S3, you can now also point it to a web crawler. So you can say go crawl this set of web pages that presumably you have permission to do so and use that as a source for your knowledge base. You can also import data from third party connectors like confluence, Salesforce and SharePoint as well are currently supported. Once you have that document, you need to embed it somehow, right? And in order to store that into a vector store of some sort. First you need to compute those embedding vectors. For that you need to have an embedding model and some access to it. So in bedrock you'll go select a model a foundation model that can do embeddings. Right now that could be Cohere or Amazon Titan. And the one thing you can control there is the vector dimension. So you can say, okay, I want this many dimensions in each. Vector that I encode these embeddings into for each chunk of my documents. And you also need to store that into a vector store of some sort. By default if you're just playing around, it will select an OpenSearch instance which has vector store support built into it. Memorydb also now has vector capabilities as well, so I could see them moving to that over time. Other options though are Aurora, MongoDB, Atlas, Pinecone or Redis. Enterprise cloud can also be used with bedrock as a vector store, and you have some control over how that data is chunked. Again, if you have just a big chunk of a big document of text or whatever, you need to break that up somehow. You can't store that all into a single entry into your vector database, or that wouldn't do much good. Right. You want to be able to retrieve the relevant bits of text that are relevant to the query that's being asked by the end user. By default, I think it's chunked by 300 characters. Never really made a whole lot of sense to me to just arbitrarily break up the text by 300 characters or whatever it is, but that seems to be what people do these days. Obviously, it'll be better if you can get sort of a coherent thought of some sort in each entry in your vector store. Maybe breaking up by sentences or paragraphs or something like that would make more sense. Or even better, having some sort of structured data where it makes a whole lot more sense as to how you're storing that. Or maybe a graph database that represents a knowledge graph, you know, that also might be a better way to go than just arbitrarily slicing up your data into 300 character blocks. If you do want to chunk your data, though, in that manner you do have control over what that chunk size is at least, and what the overlap between chunks might be. But just putting it together in this diagram on the right here again, you have a source of documents that you want to ingest into your Rag system that goes through bedrock to create embedding vectors for each chunk of that document, which then gets stored in a vector store of some sort. Might be OpenSearch, might be Memorydb might be something else, and then bedrock, when it's processing, a query can go off and say, okay, retrieve relevant information through some sort of semantic search here relevant to the original query and use that context that gets retrieved by the vector store as additional information for the prompt that ultimately goes down to the LM to produce the response. How do I use the knowledge base? So one way to do it quickly is in the bedrock console. You can use this feature called chat with your document. And it's a very quick and dirty way to get up and running. You just give it some data in S3 and say, okay, I'm going to use a foundation model to interact with that document and actually build a Rag system really quickly. So this diagram on the right kind of shows what that looks like. So let's say you start off with a user query. First thing you're going to do is issue a semantic search to OpenSearch to encode that query and find the most relevant documents using those embedding vectors. Again, that will give you back a set of documents that are relevant to the query. We're going to call that the context okay. We then combine that context information. Those top results that came back from our vector store and augment the prompt into an augmented query that then hits the underlying foundation model in bedrock, which then produces the response that we want. You can also integrate knowledge bases into applications directly. You don't have to use the playground or the chat with your document feature there. There are APIs for using this as well, and you can also incorporate these knowledge bases into agents. And we call that Agentic Rag or LM agents, if you will. And we'll get into an example of that very shortly. But basically you can play around with the console. You can use knowledge bases in an application directly using the bedrock API. Or you can use a knowledge base as a component of a larger LM agent system as well. Let's go ahead and play around. It'll make more sense when we see it in action. So I'm going to create a knowledge base. And this is going to be using a vector store using a OpenSearch. Sorry, I almost said Elasticsearch. It's OpenSearch because we're in Amazon. And as an example, we're going to use the full text of an old book I wrote about self-employment and see if we can quickly create a Rag system around that. So let's play.