Let's talk about LM agents or Agentic AI, whatever you want to call it. It's a very hot and powerful topic these days and something that bedrock supports. So how does it work? What's an agent all about? Fundamentally, it's about giving tools to your foundation model. So tools like the ability to access outside data or outside services and incorporate that into the response that you get back. So it's a way of extending a foundation model by giving it the capabilities of doing pretty much anything outside of itself. It's a very wide open as to what you can dream up with this. The model itself is given discretion on which tools to use for what purpose. So let's take a look at this from sort of a conceptual standpoint. This is how Nvidia sort of describes an agent from a very high level. This doesn't really correspond to a technical implementation level necessarily, but conceptually the agent has some sort of a core that's built on top of a foundation model of some sort. A user request comes in, and maybe that request requires information that the foundation model doesn't have right Maybe it's about today's news, or today's weather, or some external information it needs to retrieve through an API somewhere. The planning module here would be the way that it actually figures out what tools to use. So it's guidance that's given to the LM on how to break down that request into Subquestions, and sort of approach that in a step by step manner and try to get the underlying information it needs to craft a complete response to that request. So that's kind of where the magic lives for agents, its ability to take plain text descriptions of what these tools are for that you're giving to it, and turning that into actual parameters that are passed to those external tools and incorporating their responses back into the ultimate reply given back to the agent. There's also this concept of memory here, and the idea there is just, you know, it's a chat, right? So it has a history of the previous chat that it's been dealing with. It also has a you could call the external data store as a form of memory as well. Right. So conceptually that's what we're talking about. The cool thing though that I want to really reinforce here. The thing that kind of blows your mind is that it only figures out how to use each tool and how to pass parameters back and forth from it through your plain English descriptions of when to use it and how to use it. So it's kind of a very different way of thinking for traditional development, where you have these very tightly defined APIs and rules for when to call these systems that are hard coded. Instead, you're just saying, I have this tool that does this, and here's how you use it, and it just works. So it's pretty neat. But let's get into a more practical approach. What does this really mean? How is it actually implemented? That's what I care about. So tools at the end of the day are just functions. And that's provided to the API that your framework provides to you in this case bedrock. So in bedrock tools can be lambda functions. So you can have a lambda function that's just a bit of Python code. And it knows how to accept those parameters coming from the agent. And then it can go off and do whatever it wants in Python or JavaScript or whatever language you want to use within Lambda, and then return that back in a format that the agent expects. Again, you just have prompts that guide the LLM on how to use these tools. So you just describe in plain English, um, this tool is for getting the current weather for a given city. Right. And it will just know when to use it in that context. And those tools can do anything. They can access outside information. They can access knowledge bases or retrievers, um, they can access other Python modules, other services, whatever you can dream up. So the sky's the limit here. You know, it's basically a way of opening up your AI to the outside world. What could go wrong, right? So how do agents know which tools to use? Let's break this down into more of a specific context for bedrock. So first we have to start with the foundation model that we're building this agent on top of. So there's a foundation model that's parsing all these instructions that we're giving on when to use each tool and how to craft a response and put it all together. Right. So that's where Titan or Clod or whatever foundation model you're using will come into play. That's kind of the base of this whole agent system. So just remember, in the context of bedrock, when we talk about tools, we're talking about action groups. And those action groups can contain a lambda function that actually does what your tool needs to do. So that action group will have a set of instructions that informs the FM the foundation model on when to use it. So, for example, I might associate with my action group, uh, the command use this function to determine the current weather in a city. And that's all you need to do for the foundation model to know when to invoke your tool. So the foundation model will go off to its planning module and say, hey, somebody's asking something about the weather, maybe I should use this tool, and we'll make that decision and it will actually go off and call your tool within your action group. So you need to define the specific parameters that your lambda function expects to take. So in the case of weather it might be the city and the units Fahrenheit or Celsius that you want to get the answer back in. Right. So for every one of those parameters you need to define its name, a description of when to use that parameter and what it's for the type, you know, string, integer or whatever it is and whether or not it's required. And that description for each parameter is actually important. That's going to inform the foundation model how to format the parameters that are being fed to that action group, to that tool, to that lambda function. Again, it's just done in plain English. So you can just say the name of the city for whether it's for which the weather is requested, and it will figure out how to extract that city name from the original prompt and pass that through to that specific parameter. It's kind of magic. Also, you can configure your agent to go back to the user and ask for information that's required, but is missing. So if I asked what is the current weather? And I forgot to say in what city, you could actually have the model go back and say what city do you want the weather in, and actually query the user explicitly for information that it needed to call that action group successfully. And you can specify those parameters either using a JSON schemas like you would do with the OpenAI API, or you can even do it visually just using a table in the bedrock console UI, which will show you shortly. It's quite easy. You can also associate knowledge bases with agents, so if you want to also attach one or more knowledge bases that can query external vector stores for for related information and do semantic searches. Talked about that earlier. You can make that part of your agent as well. So you can have these larger systems that have knowledge bases included in them, and also has external functions included with them. And this is a larger agent. Now when we're using knowledge bases or Rag within the context of an agent, sometimes we call that agent rag. Just another sort of a buzzword there. But the the higher level thing is that rag or knowledge bases are just another tool in the tool chest for this LLM agent. And again, you just tell in plain English when to use that knowledge base. So I could just say use this for answering questions about self-employment. And it would know to redirect any queries about self-employment to that knowledge base that has information about that topic. There's also an optional code interpreter setting that you can set on your agents, and that allows the agent to write its own code to answer questions or produce charts. So with that option on, if you were to ask, for example, the agent to do some mathematical calculation or some complicated operation like that, that would allow it to go off and attempt to write its own Python code to solve that problem for it. So under the hood, it might say, okay, well, I realize that this involves some sort of computation that an LM is naturally good at, and it will automatically go off and write code to try to make that happen. So kind of a self building agent, if you will. It can also use that same capability to produce charts. So Python code is good for creating charts and graphs based on data. So it will have the ability to go off and write that Python code to generate those visualizations. If you check off the code interpreter option on your agent. Pretty cool stuff. Now how do I actually use these things in production? We talked about how to build them and how to develop them, but how do I actually use them in the real world? So before you deploy a bedrock agent into production, you need to create what's called an alias for that agent. So alias is basically an endpoint, a deployed snapshot of that agent that you've published out to the outside world. And you can set this up in two ways. One is on demand throughput, or OT that allows the agent to run a quote is set at the account level. So basically you have, um, a set of capacity for that agent that's predefined there. You can also have provisioned throughput or RT that allows you to purchase increased throughput that you might want for an increased rate of traffic, and maybe an increased number of tokens that you want to use for your agent. So you can use on demand throughput if your traffic is expected to be within a reasonable level. But if you really expect really high traffic and really large queries, you might want to consider provisioned throughput instead. Under the hood, you're going to use the invoke agent request using the endpoint for Bedrock Agent, using your alias ID and an agents for Amazon Bedrock runtime endpoint is how that might be phrased on the exam. Okay, so you just used the bedrock API endpoint for agents and you can call invoke agent with that alias ID that tells it what endpoint for the agent system itself to use under the hood, and which agent to use to fulfill that request. This will make a lot more sense with an example. So let's go ahead and actually create an LM agent using bedrock. It's easier than it sounds. And we're going to uh, tie things together a little bit here. So we're going to use the knowledge base that we created earlier in this course, which is just a knowledge base around that self-employment book that we talked about earlier. I'm also going to add a at least a placeholder for a tool or an action group, again, in the parlance of bedrock. And that's just going to return the current weather for a given city and in a given set of units. I'm just going to hard code it to say it's 75 degrees and sunny all the time, but you can imagine you could call some external API from that code just as easily. And we'll also wrap in that guardrail that we created earlier as well. So this agent's going to combine a lot of things. You know, the foundation model, an action group that has a lambda function that does something special, a knowledge base and also guardrails all in one application. So let's see it all come together, hands on.