So let's have a look at step functions. And for this we're going to just run the Hello World example and get acquainted with the console. So we're going to run Hello World and click here. And here we have a nice little helper that helps us understand how the workflow studio works. So let's start it. As you can see on the left hand side, we have components that we can drag and drop onto the workflow. For example, if we need a lambda function, we just drag and drop it right here, so this is very handy. We have access to the most popular, but also a lot of different services and APIs are available from within step functions. You can also have Flow and Choice, Parallel, Map, and so on. We'll see those in a second in the examples. As well as patterns if you wanted to have quick things, for example to process JSON file in S3 and so on. So here when we are done with this flow, we can generate code. And this is called the Amazon State Language or ASL. And this entire flow, the right hand side, is equivalent to this big JSON document that represents how the step function workflow is supposed to be working. And finally the configuration to actually run this. So here we have access to the state machine name if it's a standard workflow or an express workflow. This is about the duration and how much it will cost. The permissions of the role, especially if your step functions is accessing other services, logging, as well as additional and configuration if you need to. Okay, and then when you're ready, you click on Create and you watch it run. So before we run it, let's just have a look at what it does. So I'm going to go into here and zoom on the right hand side. So we have the start and we go into this Set Variables and State Output. So here this is just the initialization of our workflow. And you can see that by clicking on this I get the equivalent on the right hand side of the code block. And so here what we see is that we're going to pass the state to its output and we're going to set its lower example to true and then this variable called execution wait time in seconds to three. So this is just an output that is passed from the state. This is all it does. It just creates an output. As well as assign a variable called CheckpointCount to zero. And so this is the initialization of our variables in our workflow. And then we go into a choice state. So the type is now choice. And the choice state works so that there are two choices. It goes to next, which is wait for X seconds, which is the one right here. If the condition here is true and the condition is going to evaluate, is IsHelloWorldExample equals to true? You see what it means. So if it's equal to true, then it's going to go into the state wait for X second. Anything else is going to go into the default state called fail the execution. And so this is why in the graph on the right hand side, you see that there is a branch going to the right and there's a branch going to the left, into the failed states. And so this is, in the step functions, a way for you to branch out and to have if statements. So if we go into the wait for X second states, if it's true, then we're going to wait for a few seconds. How many seconds? Well, the variable execution wait time in seconds, variable we said before is going to be used. So three seconds. And then we increment the CheckpointCount, this variable, and then we go to execute in parallel. And here we have a parallel state and so on. So you don't need to know exactly how to write step functions, but it's good for you to see that we can have if statements and parallel executions and so on. And then we go another step, this checkpoint where we again increase the variable and so on and then at the end we summarize the execution and we say, "Hey, we succeed," and we give a summary of the execution. So let's just have a go and run this and see what happens. So we create it. And then we're just going to click on Start Execution. And now it started successfully. And as you can see now the graph is being populated over time. And so we went into a success. So that's perfect. And we can have a look by clicking on all these graph view to see like what was the input and the output. So the input was nothing and the output was IsHelloWorldExample true and execution wait time in seconds three. And the variables, we can have a look and we can see that there's an assigned variable to be CheckpointCount to zero. And so as we progress with this, we can see again the inputs and the outputs. We can see the variables if any, we can see the details into why things happen and the events into, like, why did things work or not? And so we went to wait X seconds and then execute in parallel set checkpoints. And actually at the end we have summarized execution and we can see that the inputs were these things as well as a variable called CheckpointCounts true. And we can view the history of that variable where it's been incremented. And finally it says that, "This Hello World example begin on this date and run for three seconds and passed two checkpoints." So this is a very simple one, but at least we see all the things that happen, and all the events are also going to be here in your Event History tab. So this is very handy. And if you wanted to just try the fail states, you will need to go here into your code and you change this to false. You're going to save this and we're going to execute again. And Start Execution. And now we get a failure. We go to the left hand side, because, well, we are in failed state executed because this wasn't true, this was false and so it went to the left. So that's it for type functions. A very easy example, but hopefully you get the idea of it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.