Okay, so let's go ahead and practice using AWS AppSync. So we're going to create an API and we have two options. The GraphQL APIs or Merged API, which is a combination of GraphQL APIs. So we'll choose the first option because it is by far the simplest and the one you should know about. Then we're going to design this from scratch but you could also import from DynamoDB or create a real-time API. So we'll design it from scratch and we'll name it My AppSync API. This is fine. And then click on next. So this GraphQL type can be backed by DynamoDB table so that the schema is configured and the data is stored. So we will create a type backed by DynamoDB table right now and the model name is going to be Student. Next, we're going to create fields for our students. So the first field is going to be an ID. So the type is ID and required, yes, but we can have, for example, a student name. So it's a type string and maybe it's required. And then we can have a type age, which is going to be an int, not necessarily required, and then certified is going to be a Boolean and not required. Okay, so this is how we model our information. And then we need to configure the model table, which is what is the name of the table going to be in DynamoDB? So I can name it StudentTable. We have to select a primary key, for example, ID, and we don't need any sort key right now. So click on next. And we have designed our first API. So let's create it. So my API is now created, and if I look at the schema, this was automatically created from the schema I have provided for my DynamoDB table. So by the way, we can go into DynamoDB, and we can check whether or not this table got created. So I'm going to go into tables and yes, we can find our StudentTable right here. So let's go back here. So we have a bunch of schema that is created and this is GraphQL-specific knowledge, so you don't need to linger over this. Then data sources. So this is my DynamoDB table that is linked to my GraphQL API. Functions, we don't need to know about it right now. And queries, this is where we can start using this API. So as we can see here, we have the option to run what's called the createStudent mutation or the listStudents mutation. So for example, if I run the listStudents mutation, which is a GraphQL query, right now we see that there is no results in our query. So first, I need to create the students. So we'll run the createStudent mutation and this takes inputs and this input comes from right here. So the name is, for example, we have Mike, age: 25. Certified: true. So let's run this right now, createStudent. So this is done and I can do another one. For example, Alice who is going to be 30, and she's also certified. So let's run this again. And now if I run the listStudents API from my GraphQL, as you can see, I get the list back. So we have Alice and we have Mike available right here from this API. And in DynamoDB, if I go into explore table items, as we can see, both my items get stored and returned in my DynamoDB table. But the cool thing about it is that now we have a full GraphQL-compatible API on top of our DynamoDB table. So we can expose it to our mobile clients or any websites that is using GraphQL and API mechanism, which is very, very handy. We have caching type of settings. So we can have full request caching, per-resolver caching or no caching. We have settings that we can edit. So we get, for example, the GraphQL endpoint. We get the API ID, the real-time endpoints, a bunch of information. We have the authorization modes, so is it an API key? And we can create new API keys if you wanted to as you can see right now. Or is it using IAM or OpenID Connect or Lambda or Amazon Cognito User Pool if you wanted to connect the authorization to Cognito. So we'll leave it as API keys. Then do we want to have additional authorization providers, which you can have multiple ones. As you can see right here, you can select multiple ones. So this is cool. And then finally, monitoring for our API. So how many errors, how many requests, and so on. As well as finally, if you wanted to connect to custom domain names to host this under your own domain name. So that's an overview of AppSync. You don't need to know about GraphQL in great details. As you can see, once you have GraphQL, you can integrate it with JavaScript for your websites or Android or iOS for your apps. So this is really meant to create a API that works for both web and mobile. And that's all you need to know that there is a link between GraphQL and AppSync and that you can back AppSync by your DynamoDB tables. So to finish this hands-on, just go and find your APIs, take it, and then you can delete it. So just enter the name again, My AppSync API, and this is going to delete all the AppSync level stuff. And of course, you also need to delete in DynamoDB your table. So you do action and then delete table. No need to have a backup and we delete it and we're done. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.