So let's go ahead and practice using AWS Amplify. So you click on create a new app, and here for getting a startup project, you click on here to visit the docs and the documentation is going to show us how to basically get started very quickly. So there is a repository we need to clone onto our own GitHub. So you click here and it's going to make you sign in into GitHub. And then when you're good to go, click on create repository. Now that everything is cloned, you can go back into your app and as a provider you will click on GitHub, click on next, and it's going to make you authorize the AWS Amplify console to read your repository. So you go ahead in there and then you choose what you want to give access to. And then in here you select your Amplify VT React template that you just cloned. You click on next and then you leave the build settings on and then you will create and use a new service role automatically. So we come next and then save and deploy. And what's going to happen is that the Amplify is going to bootstrap our account to install whatever it needs to, for example, CDK to build everything. So if you go under CloudFormation, actually you should start seeing things. Let's go into CloudFormation. As you can see, the CDK toolkit is an updating progress. So, or it can be created for you, depends on what you have. And then the Amplify service is going to build our application. So now my app has been built and I can click on this domain and access my to-do app. So to-do is pass my exam and also practice with practice questions. So as you can see, this is working and I can add some information into my to-do app. And this was fully hosted by Amplify. You can always look at your stacks in CloudFormation to see what happens. So here we have multiple Amplify stacks. We have this one, and then we have four nested stacks within that have been created. And it's always good for you to have a look at what is being created as part of the resources. So it's up to you, but this app is managed by the CDK. Okay, so let's have a look next into the Amplify UI. So let me refresh this page. So now you click on your production branch and you have access to more information on the left hand side. So we can look at the deployments, we can look at data and user management. So let's have a look at Data Manager. So this is the data of your Amplify app. And you can see the two records I have inserted from my to-do list are already in here in my data manager. So behind the scenes, if you go into DynamoDB, then you will see a table on the left hand side, which is my to-do table. And if you do explore item tables, you will see that the items are already here. So it's good. But you can manage everything from data manager and you are able to create a to-do if you wanted to directly from here, you can even click on one and edit it if you wanted to. So more capabilities from within this UI as well as downloading everything as a CSV. For user management this is where you would set up your users and so you could create them and then start having security on top of your Amplify app. And so to do so, you will need to create an authentication branch to it, and then push the necessary code to set up authentication. But then everything would be managed from here. And this has, for example, deep integration with Amazon Cognito. You can look at storage. So again, this gives you information can against the kind of storage you can have. And you can click here to view the storage of the configurations you can have, for example, here to set it up, you can create a backend storage and the backend could be backed by whatever you need. So it could be Amazon S3 or other things as well. And then you function. So the functions are Amplify functions, and they're backed up by AWS Lambda. But again, this is all very much abstracted from this Amplify console, which is good because then you just focus only on the code itself and you let (indistinct) take care of all the infrastructure. And then you have a UI library. So you can, for example, take some UI components or do Figma-to-React and so on directly from within the Amplify console. So this is very handy. And of course if you were to do changes, then you would redeploy an application version and automatically thanks to CICD, the build would happen and the deploy would happen as well. So Amplify is just at a high level, very, very powerful. You can also explore if you wanted to, anything around custom domains, build notification, build settings, environment variables and so on. And this is something you would find in competing services such as, for example, Netlify or (indistinct). But I like the fact that on Amplify everything is on your AWS account, so everything is private, which could be quite handy. So that's it, you don't need to know too much about Amplify, just the fact that you have an all in one shop to build and deploy your applications on AWS, which is very, very handy, again. So to just be done, you go to your app settings, and then under general settings you can delete the app, you type delete, and this is going to clean up any kind of resources that has been deployed. And of course you could go on your GitHub and also delete your repository by just scrolling all the way down and doing delete. And yes, I want to delete the repo, and then you enter the repo name and you're good to go. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.