Okay, so now let's go over the VPC section, and first I want to remind you of some basics. Now if you don't remember them all, I'll suggest you take back one of my courses and look at the VPC section, but in here, I would assume you know all the basics of VPC that I'm going to go over right now. If anything is unclear, please investigate on your own. So a CIDR is a block of IP addresses, and is defined as an IP address slash a number, and the number defines the IP range. So for this example, 192.168.0.0/26 is equivalent to the range of 64 IP that start at 192 168 0 0, all the way to 192 168 0 63. The CIDR block are going to be used everywhere on AWS, they will be used when you have security groups, root tables, VPC, subnets, et cetera, et cetera. So knowing what a CIDR block is, is very important going into the exam obviously. A private IP is going to be an IP that's going to be only accessible within a private network, and there is a limited range of private IP that is defined by the norms, so we have the range from 10 0 0 0, all the way to 10 255 255 255, which represents the CIDR block 10 0 0 0/8, which is when you have a big network. Then there is the 172.16.0.0 all the way to 172 31 255 255. And finally we have the smaller 192 168 0 0 all the way to 192 168 255 255, which represents the home network, for example, the kind of things you have using your home router. So these are the only possible private IP you have. Anything else is going to be a public IP. So this is all you need to know right now on the IP side. Next we have the VPC. What is a VPC? A VPC must be defined as a list of CIDR blocks and cannot be changed, and the VPC will represent your virtual private cloud, based on these CIDR blocks. So each CIDR within your VPC must have a minimum size of /28 and a maximum size of /16, which represents 65536 IP addresses. The VPC is by definition private, so only private IP CIDR range are going to be allowed within your VPC. Next, a VPC is made of subnets, so this is within the VPC, and you define, again, a CIDR that is going to be a subset of the VPC CIDR, that's why it's called a subnet. All the instances within the subnet will get a private IP based on the CIDR you have defined for that subnet. And the first four IP and the last one in every subnet are going to be reserved by AWS for networking purposes. Okay, then we have route tables. Route tables are used to control where the network traffic will be directed to, and they're associated with specific subnets. They're an idea that to say, okay, if we're going from one subnet to another, you need to use this route. This is what the route tables are used for. The most specific routing rule is always followed, so as long as the routing rule is going to be smaller, so the slash number is going to be higher, then this route will always be followed by default. And this is something we'll have a look at when we'll look at VPC peering. Okay. Next, we have internet gateway or IGW, to help connect our VPC to the internet. It's highly available and it will scale horizontally. The idea is that it will act as a net for instances that have a public IPv4 or a public IPv6. So any instance that you linked to your internet gateway will have internet connectivity, and this is how we define public subnets. So public subnets are subnets that will have a route that will send 0 0 0/0, so that means all internet traffic to an internet gateway, and the instances must have a public IPv4 to talk to the internet, that's where they're called public subnets and public instances. Whereas private subnets are accessing the internet through a NAT Instance or a NAT Gateway, and that NAT Instance or that NAT Gateway needs to be set up in a public subnet. And then the routes on the private subnet must be so that 0.0.0/0 routes all the traffic to either your NAT Instance or your NAT Gateway. So this is the idea, internet gateway, public subnets, private subnets, NAT Instance, NAT Gateway, you should know this already. So next, we have NAT Instances. So there are EC2 instances that you deploy in a public subnet, and the way it works that we edit our route table so that our private subnet has to route for the internet through the NAT Instance. So it's not resilient to failure because we only have one instance, we have limited bandwidth because it's based on the instance type, but it's a cheap solution. And in case of any failover, it must be managed by ourselves, and for NAT Instance to work, we need to disable the source destination check settings on EC2, and that is the case with any type of instance that proxies internet traffic. So the architecture is at such where we have a public and a private subnet, and in the private subnet we have an EC2 instance, and then in the public subnet, we're going to create a NAT Instance. Now, thanks to the route table, the private EC2 instance traffic to the internet is going to go through the NAT Instance, and then the NAT Instance is going to direct to the public internet. The NAT Instance should be assigned an elastic IP, and therefore the public internet will see all the traffic originating from that one elastic IP. So remember, the source check must be disabled. And so therefore, because we only have one public IP, then if we're trying to access a third party service, we can tell them to whitelist a specific elastic IP to make sure that there is some kind of network security in there. For NAT Gateways, it's a managed solution, so in this case, the NAT solution is managed and the bandwidth increases over time. It's resilience to failures within a single AZ, and if you want to have management of failures across AZ then you can deploy the NAT Gateway in multiple availability zones. So you can also assign an elastic IP to each NAT Gateway and therefore whenever we access the internet, the traffic will be seen as originating from that specific elastic IP. So we have an architecture here with two AZs, two private subnets, two public subnets, we're going to create a NAT Gateway in each public subnet and each will have its own elastic IP. And so therefore the EC2 instance can be routed through the NAT Gateway to the internet gateway and so on, for AZ-B, and we have a highly available kind of setup across multiple AZs. Okay, next we have network ACLs or NACL. They're stateless firewalls defined at the subnet level and they will apply to all the instances within that subnet, and NACLs are special because they allow for allow and deny rules. Stateless, what does that means? That means that any return traffic must be explicitly allowed by the rules. So this is very helpful when you want to quickly and cheaply block a specific IP address, but they're complicated to use because there are stateless and so you need to have both rules allowing traffic in and allowing traffic out. Then we have security groups, and these ones are applied at the instance level, not the subnet level, and they only allow for allow rules, okay? They don't have any deny rules. Stateful means that the return traffic is automatically allowed, regardless of what the rule says, so that means that if your traffic is, if your instance is sending traffic to a third party service, you have the guarantee that it will be able to come back through the security group, obviously, if the network ACL allows it as well, and traffic going into your instance, for example if you're having HTP server, is allowed to go back out to the service that requested stuff from you. Okay. Security groups are very special because they also allow you to reference other security groups in the same region, whether it be even with a peered VPC or with cross accounts. Okay. Next, how about logging? So we have VPC flow logs, and they allow you to log the internet traffic going through your VPC. And you can have three kind of VPC flow logs, the first one can be defined at the VPC level, the second one is a subnet level, or third as the ENI level, elastic network interface, which is the virtual network card attached usually to your EC2 instances. They're very helpful when you want to understand why your traffic is not going the way it's wanted, so to capture denied internet traffic, this will show you why it failed and where it failed. And then these VPC flow logs can be sent to CloudWatch Logs or Amazon S3, which is very helpful if you want to see, for example, an increase in traffic onto your infrastructure, and that will probably lead to your thinking that you're under attack. Next, we have Bastion Hosts, and so they allow you to do SSH into private EC2 instances by using a bastion host which is a public EC2 instance in the public subnets. So it's a two hop SSH. And in case you're using bastion host you must manage the instances yourself, there is no managed bastion host by AWS. That means you need to manage the failover and the recovery, and the security of these bastion hosts. But the new way now to avoid using bastion host is to use, as you know, SSM Session Manager because we can remote control our instances that have the SSM agent running on them, without using SSH, which is a better security model. Okay. And next we have IPv6. So IPv6, I'll try to explain to you in short, but all the IPv6 addresses are going to be public. And the reason why IPvC addresses were included and inserted and created, is that we are running out of IPv4 addresses. So IPv4 addresses are a total of 4.3 billion, but currently we're about to run out. And so we have invented IPv6 to have public addresses and we have a total of 3.4 times 10 at the power of 38 addresses, which is a huge number, okay? So here is an example of a CIDR for an IPv6, it looks a lot more complicated than IPv4, you are not expected to know how this works exactly, but this is the same idea, on the left hand side, there is an IPv6, and on the right hand side there is a subnet mask. The addresses are seemingly random, and the idea is that because there's so many addresses online that can be IPv6, then no attacker can scan them all, it will take forever, and so the idea is that if you're using an IPv6, your instance is somewhat going to be protected from attacks as long as people can't guess its IP address. So this is quite a beautiful thing, and the internet is slowly transitioning from IPv4 to IPv6. Now, your VPC does have support for IPv6. How does it work? We can create a IPv6 CIDR for your VPC like the one I showed you above, and then you use an internet gateway, which as I said, supports IPv6 traffic. So, how to make this work? Well, in your public subnet, you're going to create an instance with IPv6 support, and that IPv6 will correspond to the CIDR that has been assigned to your VPC. And then you have to create a route table entry for ::/0, which is the shorthand of IPv6 also, for IPv4 was 0 0 0/0, and for IPv6 it's ::/0, which represents all IPv6, and so we're saying any traffic to any IPv6 is going to be sent to the internet gateway, which, remember, it supports IPv6. And so for your instances in private subnets, they're still private so they still don't have an IPv4 and they still don't have an IPv6, but they may want to target external services that are only reachable using IPv6, in which case, we have to create something very similar to a NAT Gateway, but for IPv6 which is called an Egress-Only internet gateway, in your VPC, and this has support only for IPv6, and then we had a route table entry from the private subnet for ::/0, so all IPv6, directly into the Egress-Only internet gateway, and this way our instances in our private subnets will have IPv6 support to reach to external services. And that's it. So all of this should be something you seemingly know for the VPC, those are why they're called the basics, and then in the next lecture we're going to view a lot more details on a few aspects of VPC that are going to be critical going into the exam. So that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.