So if we look at a typical architecture or network topology for your VPC, your customer gateway, your VPN connections, direct connect and so on, it becomes very, very complicated because you allow some things to talk to one another, and anytime you need another thing to talk to another thing, then you have to create maybe a new VPN connection, maybe a new VPC Peering connection, and it can become very, very complicated. And so the idea is that as we grow our architectures, the number of accounts we have, we need to have a better way of handling all the network topology in our accounts. And we saw the VPC transits, that was a possible solution, but here we have a transit gateway which is going to be a more modern solution brought by AWS. So the reason we introduce a transit gateway is that we want to have transitive peering between, I would say thousands of VPC, even on premise data centers into a hub and spoke star connection. So why a star? Well, you can look at the diagRAM, it looks like a star. And so as you can see, my treasure gateway can connect many VPCs together. They can also connect to direct connect gateway if we needed to, and also connect to our on premise through a VPN connection and a customer gateway. So similar to the idea of the transit VPC we had before, now we have a transit gateway and all the traffic will flow through the transit gateway and we'll have control over how that traffic is going to be rerouted to different endpoints in our star network. So the transit gateway is a regional resource, although you can peer together many transit gateways across region. And to share a transit gateway into many different accounts, you use resource access manager or RAM, and that is one of the primary use case for using RAM alongside transit gateway. You can peer transit gateways across regions as where as just said, so it has cross region support. And in the route tables, you are able to limit which VPC can talk to which other VPC. So you define these route tables directly at the transit gateway level. It works with direct connect gateway VPN connections. And one thing it supports is called IP multicast. So trendy gateway, to my knowledge, is the only thing that supports IP multicast in your AWS network. No other services will support IP multicast. And so if your architecture and your application is relying on IP multicast, then you have to use a transit gateway. So what does it give us, a transit gateway? Well, instances in the VPC can access any other NAT gateway, network load balancer or private link or EFS in other VPCs attached to the transit gateway. So here we do have edge to edge routing, we have transitivity and this is the whole purpose of the transit gateway. So let's go through an architecture in which we have the transit gateway be a central NAT gateway, and you really have to understand what's going on. So I would suggest you look at this link and open the blog, but I will walk you through this architecture as best as I can. But take your time, try to understand how that works because if you do, then you're good to go for VPCs. So the idea is that we have an Egress VPC on the left hand side, and within it, we have a NAT gateway. And so we want these NAT gateways into two AZs, so AZ one and AZ two, to take all the internet traffic from my other VPCs in my architecture. This is something I've tried to represent to you before in another slide, but I showed you it wasn't possible because of the lack of edge to edge routing for VPC peering. But here, so we have two NAT gateways and two AZ, and they're highly available. And then we have two ENIs, and these ENIs are going to allow us to connect our transit gateway. And so our transit gateway in here is going to be connected to two VPC, so the app1-VPC and the app2-VPC. And through the editing of the route tables, we are going to allow any traffic coming from the app2-VPC to go all the way through my Egress VPC, and get to the internet gateway here and talk to the internet. And why would we do this? Well, because we have more control here over how the internet traffic is going to be distributed. We also have the centralization of resources, so we don't to create one NAT gateway in one internet gateway per VPC, we can keep all the other VPCs private and make sure they have to access the internet through the transit gateway, through the Egress VPC. And so for this to work, you need to edit some route tables. So here, it says 000/0 should go to the transit gateway internet and then the transit gateway internet is saying, okay, anything that comes from 000/0 should go to these ENIs, and then it goes on to NAT gateway and so on. And you look at all the route tables and that works. But something that is happening in that diagram is that the app VPCs themselves, they cannot talk to each other. And the reason for that is that the transit gateway route table does not allow currently these VPCs to talk to one another, but that would be something that's very possible. So meaning that if you have a transit gateway, it doesn't necessarily mean that everything is going to be peered with another. You have to define the route tables to allow things to be talking to one another. So you can also share your transit gateway using the resource access manager service, RAM. And so you can share within other accounts or within your AWS organization. So let's say for example, we have an account A with a transit gateway that's being set up correctly, and then account B, well, first we can share our transit gateway, account B will then accept our request, and then the account B can just use the transit gateway for example, to create more attachments of VPC to the transit gateway, but VPC that belong in account B, therefore simplifying your network architecture. Also using the transit gateway, you can connect it to many different accounts, many different VPCs. So using the resource access manager, we can go into some sort of network topology where different VPCs from different accounts are connected to the same transit gateway. But of course, you do not want the prod and the staging account to communicate together or the dev and the pre-product account to communicate together. So in that case, what you can do is that you can create, for example, a prod route table which gives some CIDRs as well as the next hop, which is a special transit gateway attachment. And if you attach it to these one, the A and B VPC in the prod and pre-prod accounts, we only ensure that VPC A can communicate with with VPC B and vice versa. But C and D are isolated from it because they do not appear in this route table. Likewise, we could create a staging route table with the correct transit gateway attachments to ensure that the staging and the dev accounts can communicate with each other, but not with the prod accounts. So by default, of course, everything will connect to each other, but if you're to create your own route tables and attach them to the transit gateway, you can specify which VPCs or which attachments can route to each other. If you have a direct connect gateway set up, so you have corporate data center, a direct connect location, and a direct connect gateway, you can connect to multiple regions. So if you create a transit gateway in us-east-1 and a transit gateway in us-west-2 in two different regions, it is totally possible for you to connect the gateway to the first transit gateway as well as the second transit gateway. Therefore, you have a direct connection into multiple regions through using a transit gateway. And of course, if the us-east-1 VPCs must talk with the us-west-2 VPCs, you can create an inter-region transit gateway peering to peer the true transit gateway together and then allow the network connectivity to go directly and stay within AWS. So which brings me to the second subject, which is around inter and intra region peering. So say we have a region right here, we create a transit gateway, we can do attachments to site to site VPN to VPCs and so on. But we can also, for example, create a second transit gateway or use a third party transit gateway and connect connected to its own, of course, type of topology. And you can establish an intra-region peering mesh. So you have your own VPC transit gateway or TGW one connected to your second transit gateway. You can do the same thing in another region. So it's very possible for you to have the same kind of architecture. But if you wanted to connect all these regions together, you could create a third transit gateway which is a hub transit gateway, and then you connect it inter-region using an inter-region peering mesh. And then these transit gateways, the hub ones, can be connected to the ones within the region using in-region peering mesh. So you go into this kind of architecture and you can extend it into a third region to have, again, a mesh of inter-region peering mesh between your hub transit gateways, and within each region you have intra-region peering. So you're going to be billed hourly for each peering attachment, but there are no data processing charges. Okay? But if the data, of course, grows cross region through the attachments, then you will have standard charges. So if the data goes from region A to region B, of course, you're going to pay some money. For this to work, you must of course, do all these peerings by specifying the transit gateway ID. Okay. So that's it for transit gateway, I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.