So now let's talk about VPC Flow Logs. VPC Flow Logs allow you to capture information from IP traffic going into your interfaces. So that could be at the VPC level, the subnet level, or the elastic network interface, ENI level. So you have three kinds of flow logs. They're very helpful to monitor and troubleshoot connectivity issues happening within your VPC. So these flow logs can be sent to Amazon S3, CloudWatch Logs, and Kinesis Data Firehose. And they will capture information for also AWS managed interfaces such as ELB, RDS, ElastiCache, Redshift, WorkSpaces, your NAT gateway, your transit gateway, and so on. So in this graph, well, it's very simple. Your flow logs are at the VPC level, for example, or subnet or ENI level and they're sent to CloudWatch and Amazon S3. So this is what a VPC Flow Log looks like. So there is a format associated with it but there is a version, account-id, interface-id, source address, destination address, source port, destination port, protocol, packets, bytes, start, and action, and log-status. So this is metadata about the network packets going into your VPC. And you don't need to remember this at a high level, right? But let's have a look at what information we can get out of these flow logs. So the source address and the destination address help identify problematic IP. This is where you see if an IP is repeatedly being denied, maybe there is something wrong with that IP or maybe you're being attacked by a specific IP. Srcport and dstport helps you identify the problematic ports. Action is going to be either accept or reject, and so it's going to say whether or not it's a success or failure at the SG or NACL level, and we'll see this in the very next slide. And so this can be used, the VPC Flow Logs to do analytics on usage patterns or detect malicious behavior, port scans, and so on. Now, to query these flow logs, you have two ways of doing it. The best way is to do Athena on S3, or if you wanted to do a streaming analysis you could use CloudWatch Logs Insights. So here are some examples that you can have a look on your own time for Flow Logs. So how do we use Flow Logs to troubleshoot security group and NACL issues? Well, we look at the ACTION field. So let's have a look at the typical incoming request for your NACL and your subnet. So remember, your NACLs are stateless and your security groups are stateful. So what happens? Well, if we get an inbound reject, so we see that the inbound request coming from the outside to our EC2 instance is rejected. That can mean that either from this graph the NACL is refusing the request, or the security group is refusing the request. And this makes sense, right? But if we have a inbound accept and an outbound reject, it can only mean a NACL issue. Why? Well, because your security group is stateful, and if the inbound is allowed because of the accept, automatically, the outbound will be allowed thanks to the statefulness of your security group. So after outgoing requests, similar analysis, right? This is the diagram we know already. And so if you get an outbound reject, then you have a NACL or a security group issue. But if you get an outbound accept and an inbound reject, then it must mean a NACL issue. So let's have a look at a few architectures for your VPC Flow Logs. So they can flow into CloudWatch Logs, as we know. And then we can use something called CloudWatch Contributor Insights, for example, to find the top 10 IP addresses that contribute to the most amount of network on your VPC. Or an ENI, or whatever you want. You can also use VPC Flow Logs to send them again into CloudWatch Logs. Here we can set up a metric filter to look, for example for the SSH or the RDP protocols. And if we realize that there is a lot more SSH or RDP than usual, then trigger a CloudWatch alarm and send an alert into an Amazon SNS topic, because something fishy may be happening on your network. Or we can use a VPC Flow Log, and then we send everything into an S3 bucket for storage, and we use Amazon Athena to analyze the VPC Flow Logs with SQL. And we can even visualize that with Amazon QuickSight. So there is one case where you have VPC Flow Logs with a NAT gateway, and it turns out that you have this use case and it seems weird to you. So the VPC Flow Logs show Action = ACCEPT for incoming traffic from public IP addresses onto your VPC. But you know that NAT gateways don't accept traffic from the internet. So you're wondering if your NAT gateway is actually accepting inbound traffic from the internet because you still see it in your VPC Flow Log. So this is the architecture where the internet goes through and talks to your NAT gateway and maybe to your private subnets, so you wanna verify this. So in that case, that is possible if the inbound traffic is permitted by the security group or the NACLs of your NAT gateway itself. But when it arrives to your NAT gateway, it's going to be dropped because the NAT gateway itself doesn't allow traffic. So to confirm this behavior, you run the following query in your CloudWatch Log Group's insights. You do a filter, and in the filter you look for the destination address to be xxx.xxx where this is the first two octets of your VPC CIDR. So you look at destination being within your VPC, and your source address to be like the public IP that's trying to reach you. So you're going to analyze whether or not you see any traffic from public IP that's trying to reach you onto your VPC. And then you sum the bytes as the byte transferred by source address and destination address. And this is going to view a list of all the traffic between the public IP and your VPC. And it turns out that you will see the traffic on the private IP of the NAT gateway because it is accepting traffic because of the security group or the network ACL. But then you will not see any other line than this one, because the unsolicited traffic onto your NAT gateway has then been dropped. So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.