So let's summarize the kind of ways we can protect your network on AWS that we know about so far. So we've seen network access control list, we've seen Amazon VPC security groups, we've seen AWS WAF to protect against malicious requests made through HTTP on specific services that we have we've seen AWS Shield and Shield Advance to protect against DDoS, and we've seen AWS Firewall Manager to manage them all your rules for WAF and Shield and so on across multiple accounts. Okay, so we know about this, but what if you want to protect our entire VPC in a sophisticated way Introducing the AWS Network Firewall. So this is used to protect your entire VPC with a Firewall. So here's my VPC and the Firewall is going to be all around it. And so this AWS Network Firewall protects it from the layer three to the layer seven protection. So you can inspect any kind of traffic in any direction. So you can expect VPC to VPC traffic. outbound to internet, inbound from internet, and to and from Direct Connect and Site-to-Site VPN connections. So I represent that in there. So here we protect anything coming in and out of the internet, in and out of a peer VPC and in and out of Direct Connect or a Site-to-Site VPN connection. So we define rules and then we can control anything that happens. So internally, the Network Firewall uses the AWS Gateway Load Balancer, but instead of us setting up a third party appliance to inspect the traffic, we just have AWS manage it with its own appliances and so therefore we have our own rules on the Network Firewall. And these rules can be centrally managed as well across multiple accounts and many VPCs on the AWS Firewall Manager Service. So with the Network Firewall, we have fine grained controls over all kind of network traffic. So we support thousands of rules at our VPC level. We can filter by IP and by port with tens of thousands of IPs. We can filter by protocol. For example, we can disable the SMB protocol for outbound communication. We can filter at the domain level. So we say, "Hey, you only allow outbound traffic from our VPC into our My corporate domain or any third party software repository that we only allow." We can do general pattern matching with regex and so on, and we can choose to allow, drop, or get alerted on the traffic that will match the rules that we've set up. And we also have active flow inspections, so we can actually have an intrusion prevention capability just like we have with the Gateway Load Balancer, but all managed by AWS and all the rule matches can also be sent to Amazon S3, CloudWatch Logs and Kinesis Data Firehose for analysis. So let's have a look at architectures using the AWS Network Firewall. So let's assume we have multiple VPCs with instances in them, and we want to have all traffic go through an inspection VPC. This is where we're going to analyze all our traffic. On top of it, we have requirements to access the internet. So we're going to create an egress VPC within that gateway. An internet gateway, which gives us access to the internet and we may have also an on-premises data center or corporate data center and therefore we need to have a VPN connection, a Side-to-Side VPN connection and an AWS Direct Connect Gateway. So we want to have everything go through the inspection VPC and in the inspection VPC, we're going to have the AWS Network Firewall Service. So to interconnect everything and make sure your traffic is going to be properly routed, when you see something this complicated you have to think directly about the AWS Transit Gateway at the center, which enables you to do tons of cool patterns. So let's have a look at North South VPC egress to the internet. That means from the VPC to the internet, but through the inspection VPC. So you can just post right now and map it out on here to see how this would work, but hopefully you get it right. So first the traffic goes from the VPC instances to the Transit Gateway, and then you create routing within the Transit Gateway to send everything to the inspection VPC, which sends back the traffic to the Transit Gateway which then forwards the traffic to the egress VPC. And then from there it goes to the internet through the Internet Gateway. So that makes sense and so with this, we send to the Transit Gateway and the Transit Gateway is responsible for setting all traffic into the inspection VPC. So this is similar if you want to inspect traffic before it goes to your on-premises data center. Again, we need to set the Transit Gateway so the traffic goes from the instances into the Transit Gateway, which goes into the Network Firewall back and forth. And then the Transit Gateway will send it to your VPN connection or to your Direct Connect Gateway. And if you want to have East West VPC to VPC, so that means from your VPC to another VPC but through the inspection VPC, again it goes from your instances into the Transit Gateway, through the Network Firewall, and then finally into your instances. So it's a pretty easy architecture once you've seen it once, but everything goes from the Transit Gateway to the Network Firewall to get inspected and then back to the Transit Gateway to go to its final destination. Okay, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.