In this video, we'll learn about the basic concepts of the AWS Relational Database Service, or RDS. So RDS is going to allow us to run databases inside of an AWS VPC. And let's start just by comparing RDDs to EC2. So many of you are probably already somewhat comfortable with EC2, and an EC2 instance is a virtual server running inside of an AWS VPC. So it's going to be very similar to RDS, but there are some major differences. So when I create an EC2 instance, I'm going to choose the operating system. I'm going to choose the instance type and I'm going to manage the operating system. So this is what we call an unmanaged service I manage the operating system, I install whatever applications I want. I have to patch the operating system. I have to update the operating system. I have to manage all of my applications. All of the management of this EC2 instance is my responsibility. So EC2 is not a managed service. However, RDS is a managed service. So when we create an RDS instance, we'll see in some of our demos here that we're going to choose the instance type. We're going to choose the database engine. But we do not have direct access to the operating system. We don't have the ability to patch or update the database engine. AWS is going to handle all of that for us. And so because of that, because the backups are handled for us, snapshots multi-az all of the operating system and database engine upgrades and patches are handled. For us, this is considered a managed service. So RDS is going to allow us to run relational databases. And because it's a managed service, many of the common database administration tasks are going to be performed for us automatically. RDS supports MySQL, MariaDB, Postgres, Oracle, Microsoft SQL, and Aurora. Those are the different database engines that are supported by RDS, and there's different features and versions of those database engines that are supported. And because RDS is a managed service, we will not have shell access. Shell access to the operating system itself is unavailable. Because this is a managed service, AWS is going to provide backups, software patching, failure detection and recovery. We're going to get support for on demand snapshots and automated backups. So the capacity that's available depends on the different database engines. There's different limitations for different types of database engines. There are also different types of storage volumes that we can choose from. We'll take more of an in-depth look at those options later on. The RDS instances are going to run inside of a VPC with a private subnet. Again, that's something that will take a closer look at later on. But the idea here is that we're going to have control over the networking configuration. And we can create firewall rules to protect our databases. We can monitor using CloudWatch. This will give us the ability to do things like look at performance charts, generate alarms, and generate automated actions based on those alarms. The underlying storage is an EBS volume. This is the same type of storage that's used for EC2. One of the big differences, though, is that with RDS, we can automatically scale our storage. So as we begin to run out of storage capacity for our database, more storage can be automatically added without any intervention from us, and we can also specify the maintenance window during which we want upgrades to be performed. AWS is going to perform those upgrades and carry out that maintenance for you, so we will simply tell them the preferred time slot during which can perform these maintenance tasks. From a billing perspective, you're going to be billed based on the type of instance you deploy and the database engine that you choose. There are price differences between the different database engines. You're also going to be billed based on the storage capacity that you use, the amount of storage throughput that you consume, and the number of reads and writes that actually occur, and the amount of storage capacity that you're consuming for your backups. There are also considerations when it comes to data transfers, especially when we're sending data across multiple availability zones. Again, this is something we'll take a closer look at later on. We have the ability to choose between on demand instances and reserved instances. On demand instances you're going to be billed per hour, and these are more expensive per hour than a reserved instance. With a reserved database instance, you're going to enter into a long term agreement of either 1 or 3 years, but you're going to get significant discounts based on that. So on your screen here, you can see a link for the page that I'm looking at. This is a list of the different RDS instance types that are available. And again if you've worked with EC2, this is relatively similar to what you're going to see there. There are general purpose RDS instance types that are burstable. And these instances are going to be very balanced. They're going to give you a balance of compute, networking and memory resources. And these are designed for databases that experience temporary spikes in use. That's what Burstable is all about. It's going to give you the performance when you need it, but it's also going to be cost effective during times of less heavy usage. And so all of these instances will have a family and a generation and a size in the name. So in this case, for example, a DB T4G micro T is the family. That's general purpose four. That's the generation. So this instance is the fourth generation of this type. And then we've got the size. We can go from micro to small to medium all the way up to two x large. The larger the size the more resources you get. There are also memory optimized RDS instance types. These feature high performance memory technology, more bandwidth and faster storage. And you can see here the format of the instance types is the same. They're going to have a family. In this case the R is memory optimized seven. That's the generation. And then we've got different sizes available. So you can pick the right size of database instance that meets your needs, and the size of the instance that you choose. And the type of the instance will impact your pricing. So let's take a moment to look at the pricing for MySQL. Now, the database engine that you choose will also have a big impact on pricing as well. And so let's take a quick look at what some of the pricing looks like. If we're doing a single availability zone, you can see the price per hour for all of these instances is shown here. And we can also take a look here at the pricing for reserved instances. And by the way, you'll see a link shown here on your screen. If you want to look at the pricing page that I'm showing you right now. But basically the idea with a reserved instance is that if you're willing to enter into a long term agreement, then you're going to save a significant amount of money on the hourly rate that you pay for a database instance. So, for example, if I enter into a three. Your agreement. My hourly rate for AT4G micro instance is going to be 0.8 cents per hour. If I compare that with the on demand price, the on demand price is double that cost. And so that's the benefit of a reserved instance, is that our price is much lower. The downside of a reserved instance, however, is the fact that we have to enter into this long term agreement with an on demand instance. I can just delete it whenever I want and stop paying for it. And the final thing that I just want to mention here before we move on is that under pricing, we have different pricing for all of these database engines. So the pricing for Oracle, for example, is going to be very different than the pricing for MySQL. And we can even bring our Oracle licenses. That'll save us a significant amount of cost here. But if we don't already have Oracle licensing we can get the license from AWS. Now if we're getting Oracle licensing with RDS, we are paying for the software licensing in our hourly rate. So our hourly rate is going to be significantly higher if AWS is providing us with the necessary licensing to run a database engine.