In this video, I'll demonstrate how to create an RDS instance. So here I am again in the AWS console. And once again I am in the Ohio region. I'm going to click on RDS and you can see here it says Database instances. I currently have zero. So I'm going to click on DB instances. And then I'm going to choose Create Database. And there's two options here I can do standard create. That's what I'm going to demonstrate here for you today. But I can also click on Easy Create. And what. Easy create is going to do. If I scroll down here it's going to automatically establish a bunch of default settings. It's going to put it in my default VPC which I do not want. It's going to put it in a specific subnet group. It's going to set up automated backups and set up a security group and all of that good stuff. So it's going to do a lot of stuff for me automatically. In this case though, I want to use Standard Create because I want to walk you through all of those settings. So the first thing that we're going to choose when we create an RDS instance is the database engine that we want to utilize. Do I want to do Aurora or Maria or Oracle or MySQL. And in this case I'm going to choose MySQL. MySQL is going to give us a nice low cost option. You can see some of the characteristics of MySQL and what is supported with it over here on the right. So we're going to choose MySQL. And then we're going to choose the addition of MySQL. And specifically which version of MySQL do we want to choose. I can also filter certain versions. So if there's features that I know I want to use, I can filter out versions that do not support those features. So I'm just going to choose this engine version that comes up by default here. And we're going to move on from there. Now I can choose do I want to use Production dev test or the free tier one of my after here. Is this database going to be for production. Because if it is production it should probably be distributed across multiple availability zones. If it's dev test we don't really need that. We can create this instance in a single availability zone. And so that's what we're going to do here. We're going to choose dev test. Now if I wanted to absolutely minimize my costs I could choose the free tier. And if I choose the free tier, there's only going to be certain types of RDS instances that are available. And as you can see here, it's very limited. It's just DB, T3, micro. But if I'm choosing dev test, that'll open up some additional instance types to me that I can choose from. So let's go with dev test here for our environment. And then I'm going to choose, do I want to do this across a single availability zone or create multiple instances across multiple availability zones? Or do I want to create a Multi-az database cluster? The big difference between Multi-az Rdd's and a Multi-az database cluster is with a cluster. Both instances are going to be readable. I'm just going to go with a single database instance for now. We don't need to worry about multi-az RDS just yet. For the database instance identifier, I'm just going to put in Rick demo RDS, and then we'll have a master username and password. I'm going to go with Lab master for the username. And I'm just going to set a password here. Lab 12345. That's going to be the password that I'm using here. I'll go ahead and put it in again here as well. Now we'll learn a little bit more about some of these other options later on. But if I want to I can use AWS Secrets Manager to store my credentials. That could be a really secure way for me to do this. But in this case, I'm not going to do that. I'm just going to create my own master password. We'll learn more about AWS Secrets Manager later on. Instance configuration. Which instance class do I want to use? Which family of instances do I want? Standard instances? Do I want memory optimized instances? Do I want burstable instances? And that really just depends on the use case here. Now in my use case I'm going to go with something relatively inexpensive, like AT3 micro instance or AT4G micro instance. That's actually a better fit for me here. So I'm going to do AT4G. As a rule of thumb, I tend to try to use the newest generation available. And if we take a quick look at the pricing page, you'll see why AT4G micro is 1.6 cents per hour, AT3 micro is going to give you poorer performance than AT4. And notice that it's also more expensive. So if you get the opportunity to go with the current generation, you should definitely consider doing that. So I'm going to go with AT4G here. If I want to see even older types of instances like t two, I can click this little slider here. But unless you have a good reason to do that, you probably shouldn't. The next option that we'll configure is the storage volumes for the RDS instance. And for most situations, GP3 is going to be the ideal choice. Now if I need more control. Over the performance of my storage. If I need to allocate how many read and write operations should be possible, then I'll use provisioned IOPs that's more scalable, and it gives me the ability to push more data to and from this database with a general purpose volume. Here I'm going to pick how big I want it to be. I'm just going to change this to 40GB. And depending on the amount of storage capacity that I identify here, that will affect the amount of reads and writes that I get to do against this volume. So let's, for example, just make the volume significantly larger. Well, in that case, the number of IOPs, the number of read and write operations, the amount of bandwidth that I get to storage changes accordingly. That's one of the things that happens with general purpose storage. If I go with a much smaller volume, those numbers go down. And so I'm just going to create a 40 gig volume here because I don't need a lot of space. And it's going to give me those provisioned IOPs and that storage throughput. And then I can choose whether I want my storage to be autoscaling. So if I enable storage autoscaling, I can specify what is the maximum size of this volume. Let's make it 200GB. Now as I start to run out of storage capacity on this RDS instance, more storage will be automatically added. And with any of these options here, if you're not really sure exactly what it does, the info button is a great option. You can just click on the info button, and it'll also give you the opportunity to click on a Learn More link, and it'll bring you through the specific elements of storage auto scaling. So like here you can see it's going to add storage increments of ten gigabytes. Or if if it's a larger volume it'll actually add it in 10% increments. But that's what storage auto scaling will do. It'll automatically add more storage capacity based on the amount of space that I have left. Let's go down to connectivity. Now I could set up a connection to an EC2 instance. What this is going to do is it's going to create a security group for me. If I already have, let's say like an EC2 web server. And I know that this EC2 web server is going to be communicating with this database, well, I could choose this option and I could identify that EC2 instance, and it'll automatically set up the required security groups so that EC2 can communicate with my database. I'm not going to do that here. We're going to do that manually later on. But right now I'm just going to choose not to connect to an EC2 compute resource. I'm not going to enable IP version six in this case. And I'm going to choose the VPC that I created in the previous demo. The demo VPC. And in the previous demo, I also created a subnet group that included two subnets from this demo VPC in different availability zones. Do I want my database to be publicly accessible? Meaning do I want to present this database on the internet? If I choose yes, here my database is going to get a public IP address. And that's going to allow systems from external physical networks or even the internet to connect to this RDS instance. I don't need that here. And for most instances you won't want that. So I'm going to choose no for public access. And then I now need to set up a security group. This is one thing that we haven't done yet. So I'm going to set up a new security group. If I have existing security groups, I can choose from those. But I'm going to create a new one. Think of the security group as a set of firewall rules that are going to be applied to this RDS instance. And so I'm just going to call this security group RDS demo. What's going to happen when I set this up is it's going to automatically create a security group that will allow access to this RDS instance on the required ports. We'll take a look at that security group when this process is finished. Just understand that the security group that you create here will be usable for other database instances as well. So if I start creating more MySQL RDS instances inside of this VPC, then I can use the security group for as many of them as I want. Now I get to choose which availability zone I want to place this RDS instance in. I'm going to choose US East two A. The idea here is I've got a database subnet group that has subnets in both of these availability zones. So what I want to think about here is where are my database clients. If my clients are in availability zone two A that's the availability zone I want to choose here. So later on when I create a database client I'll make sure I put it in US East two A just to keep my bill to a minimum and eliminate some transfer charges. We are not going to set up an RDS proxy at the moment. Our RDS proxy can be used to improve the availability and the scalability and security of RDS, and I'm not going to create that here. And then we've got database authentication. We're going to stick with password authentication. We could also enable password and IAM database authentication basically granting access to the database itself to certain IAM users. We can also support Kerberos authentication. I'm going to simply use password authentication in this case. And then I can choose if I want to enable enhanced monitoring. So enhanced monitoring this is going to work with CloudWatch. And with enhanced monitoring this is billable. So if I enable this feature, we're going to have the ability to choose how frequently we want our monitoring tool to look at this RDS instance. I'm going to uncheck that option here because in my situation it's not really important to have enhanced monitoring enabled. And then finally let's set up a few options under additional configuration. I'm just going to make my initial database name Rick Demo. I'm going to use the default parameter group and the default option group. But what I really want to look at here is my automated backups. So there's going to be an automated backup that gets taken of this RDS instance. How long do I want those automated backups to be kept for. I'm going to say one day. If I say zero days, then automated backups will be disabled. But I'm going to go with one here. I don't need to hang on to these for a long time, and I can choose a backup window. When are these backups going to occur? We're going to learn more about this later, but understand that when these backups are taken, there is going to be potentially a performance impact. So not necessarily an outage but potentially a performance impact depending on what we're doing with Multi-az. So I'm just going to leave this as is. But just understand. Yeah, you could set a specific time of day where you want those backups taken. I'm going to leave this option enabled copy tags to snapshots. That means if my RDS instance has a specific tag, that tag is also going to be applied to the snapshots. That can make it much easier for me to keep things organized. Do I want the backups of this RDS instance to be automatically replicated to another AWS region? I'm going to leave that option unchecked as well, but if I want to keep backups of my RDS instance in a separate AWS region, I can enable that here. I'm going to leave encryption enabled with the default options. And then I'm going to choose my maintenance window for minor version upgrades for any other maintenance work that AWS is doing. To my RDS instance, I can decide when those maintenance activities are going to occur. And then finally I can enable deletion protection. So if I check this box, if somebody goes into the AWS console and tries to delete this RDS instance, they won't be able to do that. They're going to have to disable this option before they can delete this RDS instance. So it protects the database from being deleted accidentally. I'm going to go ahead and enable that option here. And I'm going to click Create Database. And so now the RDS instance is being created I'm going to just close this. And the last thing that I want to take a look at here in this demo is let's go to our VPC dashboard. Let's go to security groups. And I want to take a quick look at the security group that was created for me here. So remember I created a security group name called RDS demo. This was the security group that I created during my instance configuration. When I was setting up the RDS instance. And what it did was it created some inbound rules and outbound rules. And what this security group rule states is that we're going to allow traffic inbound on port 3306 to this RDS instance. And what I could also do is I could edit these rules and I could specify a particular source. So if I know the EC2 instance that's going to be communicating with this RDS instance, I would include that IP address here in the list of allowed sources. And then there's also going to be outbound rules for this. But basically the outbound rules are pretty simple. It's going to allow all traffic on all ports to all destinations. So the security group is basically allowing everything out, and it's only allowing legitimate traffic on the appropriate port in. And so when we create our database client, one of the things we're going to have to do is modify the security group to allow that database client to communicate with this RDS instance.