In this video, we'll learn how backups and snapshots work. We're going to explore both automated backups and manual snapshots. And the automated backups are going to occur every single day. This is done by taking a storage volume snapshot of your RDS instance, and in the background it's stored in S3. The backup is taken during the backup window that you specify, and you get free backup storage included with your database. Now you only get enough storage space that is equal to the size of your database. So if you store more than one backup, you're going to start to incur costs for the storage of those backups. So just understand that as you choose your retention policy, longer retention policies are going to result in increased cost. But yeah, you can specify the retention policies that you want, and you'll be able to restore your database to any point in time during that retention policy. So the default retention policy is it will keep seven daily backups one week worth of backups. You can set the retention policy to a maximum of 35 days, and you'll be able to restore to any point in time over the course of those 35 days. When you delete an RDS instance, the automated backups are also deleted. Once they're deleted, they cannot be recovered. Manual snapshots are still retained, but you'll see this process when we demonstrate how to delete an RDS instance. Automated backups run during the backup window that you've specified, and as the backup is being taken, there is going to be a brief IO suspension. Now that's only the case if we are not doing a multi-az RDS deployment. We haven't learned about those yet, but with Multi-az, you're going to have a primary instance and a standby. In that case, the backup is taken from the standby. So there's no impact on the performance of the primary. If you choose to set the retention policy to zero, that is going to disable automated backups. If you then choose to change that later on from 0 to 1 or to some other retention policy, then at that point a backup is going to be taken at that exact moment. If you choose to disable automated backups, all of your automated backups will be deleted and cannot be recovered. But one of the key features of the automated backups is it gives you point in time recovery. It gives you the ability to recover to any point in time during the retention period of those backups, down to the second, so you can pick the time that you want to restore from if you need to restore from an automated backup. Manual snapshots are different. You can back up your database instance manually at any time by taking a full database snapshot. This is a full backup. It is not incremental, meaning every time you do this, it's going to create a complete copy of your database instance. It's going to take a snapshot of the storage volume. It doesn't just backup individual databases. It backs up every single database that's stored with that instance. And these manual snapshots are kept until you explicitly delete them. They're not deleted when you terminate an instance. Now, much like the automated backups, taking a manual snapshot causes a brief IO suspension usually lasts no more than a few minutes. And again, if you've enabled multi-az RDS, the snapshot is taken from the standby and therefore there's no impact on IO. Any time you restore, whether it's from a manual snapshot or an automated backup, it doesn't matter. Any restore is always done to a new RDS instance. And because these manual snapshots are a point in time picture, because it's a full backup at the moment that you take that snapshot, it does not support point in time recovery. You can't choose the minute or the second that you want to restore to. You're just restoring to whenever that snapshot was taken.