In this video, we'll learn how to copy and share snapshots, and so you can copy either manual snapshots or automated backups. In the demo we're about to perform, we will share an automated backup. And you can also copy these to different regions or to different AWS accounts. You can also encrypt a copy of an unencrypted snapshot. So if you have an RDS instance that is currently not encrypted, when you take a snapshot of it, the snapshot will also be unencrypted. But if I want to now encrypt that snapshot, I can do so when I copy the snapshot. We can also copy snapshots to other AWS accounts, but before we can do that, we'll have to share those snapshots. So here I am in the AWS console. I'm at RDS and I'm going to go to database instances. And I've got two instances currently running. I've got one that I created and one that I restored from a snapshot. So I'm going to go to the RDS instance that I've created, and I'm going to go to maintenance and backups. And you can see here I've got a manual snapshot that I took. And I've also got two automated backups that have occurred. So I'm just going to pick my first automated backup and just click on the link for it. And once I get into the backup itself, I can go to actions and I can go to Copy snapshot. Now you'll notice the option to share this snapshot is currently grayed out. That's because you can't just share an automated backup. And if I just click on the snapshots link here, you can see I do have a manual snapshot of this instance. If I click on that you'll notice that the share option is available. So that's one of the key differences between an automated backup versus a manual snapshot is I cannot share an automated backup. So we can do that if we copy the automated backup. So let's go back to RDS back to our database instance. One more time. Back to maintenance and backups. Let's find one of these automated snapshots. I'm going to pick my first one again. And I'm going to go to actions. And I'm going to choose copy snapshot. Now the snapshot currently exists in the Ohio region, but if I want to, I can copy it to a different region. So this is useful for a number of things. Number one, I may just want to copy this snapshot to another region so that I have a copy of the database in a different region in case I need to restore it to that region. But what if I wanted to move my RDS instance to a different region? Well, I could just take a snapshot of it, copy it to that other region, and then I could restore in that other region to create a new RDS instance with all of the data of the original RDS instance. So I'm going to choose to copy this snapshot to the Oregon region. I'll give it a name. I'm just going to call it Rick demo copy snap. I can choose the option group that I'm going to use, and I'm just going to leave that at the default. And I am going to copy my tags over as well. Now this snapshot is currently encrypted, so there's no option here for me to enable encryption because the RDS instance itself was already encrypted. So I'm just going to leave that option as is because I can't change it. And I'll click copy snapshot. And now it's going to take a little bit of time, but it's going to copy this snapshot to the Oregon region. So let's go ahead and switch over to the Oregon region. And here you can see the snapshot that's been copied over. It's called Rick demo copy snap. And it's in the process of being created. It's going to take a little while for this process to finish. So I'm just going to pause my recording and allow that copy to complete. Okay, so the process of copying my Ric demo snapshot to the Oregon region is now complete. So now I have a copy of this snapshot in the other region. Now if I wanted to, I could click on this snapshot and I could restore. And like I said, this is a great way to move an RDS instance from one region to another. I just take a snapshot of the RDS instance, copy it over, and restore to that other region. I'll just have to make sure that my clients are configured properly to point to this new RDS instance. We already saw how to copy a snapshot, and we can also share a snapshot. So I'm going to click on Share Snapshot. And now I can specifically choose an AWS account ID. And so here you can see I've added an identifier of a different AWS account here. I'm just going to click on add. And then I'm going to choose save. And so now I have shared this snapshot with another AWS account. Now there's one thing I want to mention before we move on. This is an encrypted snapshot. So when I went to share this snapshot notice that the snapshot visibility was set to private. That was because this is an encrypted snapshot. If the snapshot was unencrypted, I could choose public. And that would permit all AWS accounts to restore a database from this snapshot. So if I'm choosing public, I just need to be careful that I'm not sharing information that shouldn't be shared. Essentially. Anyhow, so now that I've shared this snapshot, I've shared it as private and I've inputted the AWS account number in here. Now I can go into the other AWS account and here I am in my other account I'm going to go to AWS, I'm going to go to snapshots and I'm going to go to shared with me. And here you can see this snapshot that has been shared with this account. And so now I could do things like under actions I could copy the snapshot. I can migrate the snapshot. I could delete the snapshot. Notice I do not have the ability to restore this snapshot. That's because this destination account does not have access to the encryption key that was used to encrypt this snapshot. So they can do things like copy the encrypted snapshot or delete it or migrate it, but they can't actually restore from it because they can't access any of the data that is within that snapshot. Now, I'm not going to go through the process of actually sharing the necessary KMS key, but on your screen you'll see a URL that will take you to the AWS documentation. And this will walk you through the process of of sharing an encrypted snapshot. There is a KMS key that was used to encrypt the snapshot, and in order to allow access to that KMS key, you actually have to set up the necessary permissions in IAM. And there are some policies shown here that will walk you through that process. So that's a little bit beyond the scope of what we want to do here. But just understand that yeah, if you're sharing with a different AWS account, you're going to have to not only share the encrypted snapshot, but make sure that that other AWS account has access to the encryption key so that it can unencrypt the data within that snapshot.