In this video, we'll learn about network security for RDS instances. And the number one topic that we want to talk about here is how to utilize security groups. So let's start with a basic scenario that we've already talked about a few times. Maybe I've got a public facing web application. So I'm going to have some kind of web server. And the web server uses a database on the back end. The database should not be accessible from the internet. And so we're going to configure the necessary security to make sure that that database is protected. So we'll start with our VPC. Our instances are always launched within a VPC. And then within a VPC I'm going to create a subnet group. Now this instance should not be publicly accessible. Therefore I am going to place it in a private subnet. This is a subnet that does not have a route to the internet gateway. It does not give out public IPS and therefore it is not accessible from the internet. And I'm also going to have a public subnet in this scenario. That's where my web server is going to sit. So I'll put the web server itself inside of a public subnet. That public subnet will have a route to the internet gateway. And also the EC2 instance that is going to be my web server is going to have a public IP. And so this web server is going to be accepting incoming connections from the internet. Traffic's going to flow through my internet gateway, and it's going to arrive at this EC2 instance that's acting as a web server. And that's where the legitimate requests to my database should be coming from. The EC2 instance needs to be able to connect to this database across the appropriate ports. And so I want to lock down the database and ensure that only the connections from this specific EC2 instance are allowed to come into this RDS instance. And I can do that using a security group. A security group is a stateful firewall. And the security group is applied directly to this RDS instance. So I could create one security group and potentially apply it to many different instances. But that's one of the key characteristics of a security group. You can pick and choose on every single RDS instance which security group you want to use. So the security group will have rules within it determining, hey, what source IP can the traffic come from? And maybe I'll say the source has to be this EC2 instance. Or maybe this EC2 instance is in a security group itself, and I'll allow incoming connections from that security group. So I'll choose the source and I'll also choose the port. And so I'm going to have a specific port that I'm going to open up for this. And if we quickly switch back to the AWS console, you may remember that when I created my RDS instance, I also created a security group. Let's take a quick look at what that security group looks like for inbound traffic. It is allowing connections on a specific port, so it's not just going to allow all the ports in. It's going to allow the ports that should specifically be used to establish a connection to this database engine. Now, in addition to the security group, I can also configure a network access control list or a network ACL. The network ACL is associated with the entire subnet. So when I create my private subnet I'm going to associate it with a network access control list. The network access control list is kind of similar to a security group. There's a few major differences though. The number one difference is that it is not a stateful firewall. But the most important difference for this case is when I create a network ACL and I associate it with a subnet, the rules of the network ACL are applied to all traffic coming in and out of that subnet. So this gives me some level of defense in depth. So let's say for example, that somebody compromises this EC2 instance and attempts to establish a connection to this RDS instance. Well, if it's not on the appropriate source IPS or the appropriate ports, I could block it with the network ACL. But let's assume that the network ACL has been misconfigured or just isn't set up right. Well, even if the traffic gets through the network ACL, I've still got a set of security group rules controlling the traffic that's allowed to this specific RDS instance. And what you'll see many organizations will do is they'll have one team that's in charge of controlling the network ACL rules, and they'll have a separate team that's in charge of controlling the security group rules. And that way, even if one team or one individual kind of drops the ball here, there's still a good chance that the RDS instance will be appropriately protected. So just bear that in mind. The big difference between a security group and a network ACL. Security groups are applied individually to instances like RDS instances or EC2 instances versus a network. ACL is applied to an entire subnet, and it controls all traffic going in and out of the entire subnet. I can also enforce SSL connections on my database. This ensures that all of the data transmitted between the database client and the database server is secure, and that makes it much more difficult for attackers to intercept and read the data. This is referred to as encryption in transit. It's encrypting the traffic that's flowing over my network. It also ensures that the client that's connecting to the database is actually an authentic server, and it's not a man in the middle attack. So SSL will verify the identity of the database client, and it'll prevent unauthorized clients from eavesdropping on our communications. This makes it much harder for a man in the middle attacker to intercept and tamper with sensitive information as it travels between your application and the database. So essentially, just to give you a quick idea, here's what a man in the middle attack would look like. I've got my database server here and I've got my legitimate client here. Well, a man in the middle attack will basically will a man in the middle attack will basically take over the identity of one of my systems. So the client will be sending traffic to the man in the middle instead of the database. The man in the middle will then be viewing and intercepting whatever data it wants there before it passes it on to the database, allowing the man in the middle attack to go undetected. But if this traffic is encrypted, the man in the middle is not going to be able to read any of the contents of it. So that's a good idea to enforce encrypted traffic between your clients and your database. We will configure this using a parameter group setting. And so I've mentioned parameter groups a couple of times now. The basic idea is that a parameter group is a bunch of settings for the database engine itself. So we can use a parameter group setting to set up our database engine to only accept encrypted communications. So let's take a look at a little diagram here. Here we've got our database server and our client. And the way that the encryption in transit process works is that when the client wants to connect to the database, it initiates a handshake. And during this handshake, the database and the client agree on a way to communicate securely. Once they agree on how to talk securely to each other, all of the data that they send back and forth is basically all scrambled up so that even if someone intercepts these messages, they can't understand what's inside because the contents of that communication are all jumbled up. It also makes sure that the client and the database can prove that they actually are who they say they are. So kind of imagine it like this. My EC2 instance has like an ID card, and it has to show that ID card to the database in order to establish this encrypted session. This prevents imposters and a man in the middle type attacks from connecting to the database, or from pretending to be the client or the database because they don't have this little ID card. And when the session is coming to a close, when they're done communicating, the two entities, the RDS instance and the EC2 instance, basically say goodbye to each other. They close the connection and the process of that communication is all encrypted as well. So enforcing encryption in transit is a great way to secure all of the traffic between the client and the RDS instance.