In this brief video, I'm going to show you how to delete an RDS instance. And so if you're following along at home, one of the things you're going to want to make sure that you're doing is cleaning up as you go. And I restored an RDS instance from backup. So I now have two instances here that are running. I'm going to get rid of one of those because I don't want to be billed for it. So I'm going to choose my Ric demo, RDS restore, and then I'm going to go to actions and I'm going to choose delete. Now you can see I've enabled the deletion protection on this RDS instance. So this is going to prevent somebody from accidentally deleting the RDS instance. So in order to disable that I'll go to modify. And under modify we'll scroll all the way to the bottom. And I'm going to now disable deletion protection and hit continue. And you can choose whether to apply it right now or during the next scheduled maintenance window. I'm going to apply it right now. And I'm just going to now refresh here one more time and go to actions and delete this RDS instance. Now there's a few options when you delete it. By default it's going to try to create a final snapshot just to back up all of the contents of this database. I don't want that. So I'm going to uncheck that. Do I want to retain the automated backups. I don't want that either. So I'm just going to uncheck that as well. Notice it's not giving you an option to delete the manual snapshots. Those are kept either way. So I have to go in and actually delete those manual snapshots if I want to get rid of them. And then I'm just going to acknowledge that yes, once I delete this everything is going to be gone. All of my snapshots and point in time recovery will no longer be available. I'm going to go ahead and click on delete here. And now the database is going to be deleted. So it's a good idea as you follow along with these demos or as you work with an AWS account. Real life to just get in the habit of cleaning up after yourself if there's something you no longer need. Don't wait till later. Go ahead and get rid of it right away, because that's how your AWS bill tends to get out of control is leaving things hanging around that you don't really need anymore.