In this video, I'll demonstrate how to configure Multi-az RDS on a database instance. And so here you can see I'm in the RDS console here. And I've got my database instance that we've been working with. And now we can go to actions and we can convert this to a Multi-az deployment. Now I can choose do I want this to happen during the next maintenance window, or do I want to carry it out right away? You may want to wait until your maintenance window. They don't recommend conversion on a production database instance. Now what you could do is you could create a read replica of this database instance, and you could convert the read replica to a multi-az deployment and then promote that later on. I'm going to show you more about read replicas later on, but since this is just a demo RDS instance, I'm just going to go ahead and convert it to Multi-az. And so now it's going to modify this database instance and it's going to create a standby database instance. Now notice this RDS instance is running in Availability zone US East two A. The new RDS instance that it's going to create is going to be in a different availability zone. So now we can see that we have successfully converted this RDS instance to a Multi-az database deployment. And if I scroll all the way over to the right here, you can see here this one is marked as Multi-az. So let's go back to Ric demo RDS and just notice what we have here is the DNS name of this RDS instance. Now this DNS name is currently pointing all traffic towards the primary RDS instance. And you can see here that the RDS instance is in the US East two Availability zone. Notice what we cannot see. We can't see the standby instance here. So which availability zone is the standby instance running in. Well let's click on our database identifier and go to configuration. And if we scroll down a little bit here you can see that Multi-az is enabled. And the primary is in availability zone two A the secondary is an availability zone two B. So now that we understand which availability zones we're working with here for this instance I'm going to go to actions. And we have the ability to reboot this RDS instance. And it's giving me the option to reboot with failover. So if I select that option the primary instance is going to get rebooted and we are going to fail over to the standby. So I'm just going to hit confirm here. And then we'll give this process a moment to complete. And this will take anywhere from 1 to 2 minutes for it to fail over. You can see right now it's still pointed at availability zone US East two A. Now one thing I do want to make a quick side note of even when this process finishes, even when this reboot is complete and we fail over to the other availability zone, you may notice that it doesn't immediately reflect that in the AWS console. Sometimes it takes a little bit longer for the AWS console to update and reflect that. We have moved to a new availability zone, and so now you can see the status of my database is available again, but it's still in the US East two A region. I'm going to pause my recording and wait a couple of minutes and see if that availability zone successfully updates. And actually, before I pause my recording, let's just explore a little bit. You can see it still says US East two A here. Let's just click on the database instance and go to configuration. Again you can see it still says US East two a if I scroll down here it's showing the secondary zone is to be. So this part of the console still hasn't updated yet either. So we're just going to give it a couple moments and hopefully soon it'll show us east to be. All right. So I waited about ten minutes and you can see the console has finally figured out what's going on. This database has failed over. So the primary instance is now in the US East two B region. Let's click on the database identifier here. Let's go to configuration. And let's look at multi AZ. So now the primary is in US East two B and the secondary is in the US east two A. You'll notice that the endpoint name has not changed. This means the DNS name of the database instance has not changed. If your client was pointed to this end point prior to failover, it'll still be using the same endpoint. So therefore the failover will be completely transparent to your client application.