Hi, and welcome to the AWS Certified CloudOps Engineer Associate Course. The name is SOA-C03. My name is Stephane Merrick, and I will be the instructor for this course. So we're going to prepare for the CloudOps exam, and it's quite a challenging certification. This course is going to be long, but I hope interesting. So this is for me the most difficult associate level certification and it builds upon the other two associate level certifications. So I really recommend that you at least pass one of them before doing this course. So that would be the Solutions Architecture associate level certification, or the Developer Associate Certification. Once you've passed one of these two, you could be ready for the CloudOps exam because the CloudOps is going to test you on real-world knowledge and how to actually use the cloud. So here, because you need some base knowledge, I've still imported videos from other courses that you may have done from me, such as the Certified Cloud Practitioner course, the Certified Solutions Architect Associate course, the Certified Developer course, and they will be marked with brackets. So feel free to revisit these videos if you have seen them or to skip them if you think you've mastered them. Finally, the videos specific for this course are not marked with any brackets. So now a little bit about me. So my name is Stephane Merrick, and I will be your instructor for this course. I have 11 AWS certifications, so all of them, and I've worked with AWS for many years. I've built websites, applications, streaming platforms, and so on. I've been teaching for almost seven years on Udemy about AWS certifications or services such as CloudFormation, Lambda, and EC2. As you can see, I have over two million students that have went through my courses, and everyone has been very successful with this course, so I'm very happy that you're here following along with me. So you can connect with me on social media. You can follow me on LinkedIn, on Instagram, on Medium, Twitter, and GitHub, and the links are here. I thank you very much for choosing this course and choosing to learn with me. I hope you're as excited as I am and I wish you a very happy learning.