Hi. Now let's quickly look at the technical requirement for DirectConnect connection. So first we'll see at very high level, what are those.. And then we will have some more explanation regarding those. So very first thing is a single mode fiber. This is required for the physical connectivity between your data center and AWS direct connect location. And depending on the port speed of the DirectConnect, this type of the cable will differ. So there are right now three kind of Dedicated connections supported. In the future. if AWS has the higher bandwidth, then you might see different type of the cable there. Second, at Layer2, you need to have 802.1Q VLAN encapsulation protocol enabled and we'll talk about that third, auto negotiation of the ports must be disabled. DX supports the BGP protocol and your side of the router should also support the BGP protocol with MD5 authentication. And there is one optional setting which is BFD, which is used to detect the failures in the connection. And you can also enable BFD at your end. But this is an optional setting. Now let's quickly look at all these things in a little more detail. So very first thing is single, more fiber which looks something like this. And as I said, you have to set up this physical optical fiber between your data center and your direct connect location. Now typically it will be your network service provider who lays down this cabling and you have to work with that partner for this connection. OK. Next is 802.1 Q VLAN. This is a protocol which works at Layer2. And for DirectConnect, you must support this protocol. Now, you know the LAN -local area network in which all the hosts within the LAN can communicate with each other. But in this case, even if the hosts are sitting across the different networks, they can still be part of the same LAN and that is called virtual LAN (VLAN). So if you see here, this host here on the left side is a part of the VLAN10 group and there are hosts on the other network as well. Similarly for other hosts. Now, how is it possible because when the traffic flows from host A here to host B on the right side, the traffic goes through the same network. But still when the packet arrives at this router on the right side, it knows that the destination is this LAN and within that LAN there is that host. Now, typically if you see the IP packet, it has a source and destination IP address. But in this case, different LAN could have the same IP addresses. And in order to resolve that problem, you additionally add something called a VLAN ID into the Ethernet frame. Now, in this case, all these packets would have corresponding VLAN tags. And then the same network here between this two routers will carry all these packets with additional VLAN tags. So now multiple VLAN tags can go through the same channel. And then at the router end, it exactly knows where to route that traffic. Now, this is called VLAN tagging. And when you send multiple VLANs through the same point to point network, it is called trunk. And that's what is shown here. So for DirectConnect, it's a one big fat connection and you then segregate this one connection into a logical connection in the form of virtual interfaces with which we will see in the next lecture. And every VIF will come with the VLAN tag. And thus we are on the same connection. You could have multiple logical connections in DX, Okay? Next is auto negotiation of the ports. So for DX connections which are greater than 1 Gbps port speed, this setting should be disabled. But what this setting means is that, when two networking devices wants to communicate with each other, they will negotiate few settings like what should be the port speed, what should be the duplex mode, whether it should be half duplex or full duplex. So these settings can be negotiated automatically or you disable it and manually configure these settings. So for DX connection, you are advised to set these settings manually. OK. And for the connections which are 1 Gbps or less, it depends on the router vendor, whether this setting should be enabled or disabled. So you would have to read the documentation. Next is BGP Border-Gateway-Protocol. So DX supports BGP and at your side of the router should also support the BGP protocol. And we have already seen BGP in detail in the "Hybrid networking Basics" section. So please revisit if required. So all these things we have already seen. And in the following lecture, we are going to deep dive into everything that you see on this slide. And finally, as I said, there is something called BFD which is Bidirectional Forwarding Detection. This is used to detect the failures early in the link. So if anything goes wrong in the network connection, then if you enable the BFD, which is a simple hello network protocol, you can detect that failure really, really quick. That is, in less than one second. Otherwise, typically it will take maybe 60 seconds or 90 seconds for detecting the failure and then you would have to failover to the redundant connection. So again, this is an optional setting but recommended one for DX connections. OK. So those are the technical requirements for DX connection just to reiterate again, you should have single mode fiber. And depending on the port speed, the type of the fiber will change. You should have Layer2 protocol that is 802.1 Q VLAN encapsulation. The auto negotiation for the ports must be disabled for the connection greater than 1 Gbps. And then most important is that your router should support the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) with MD5 authentication. MD5 is message digest hashing algorithm. And then there is an optional setting that is BFD, which you can enable for fast failure detection. So that's it for this lecture. Now, in the next lecture, we will see more about the BGP and we will start with the autonomous systems and later get into the more details. So thanks for watching and stay tuned.