Hello and welcome to this lecture. So in this lecture, let me quickly walk you through the steps on AWS console to create Dedicated DirectConnect connection. And this is really, really very simple. So it must be very quick. Now, what you need to do is to just go to your AWS console and go to DirectConnect AS a service. Once you are in the service, go to the connection and directly, you can go and say create a connection. Now, here there are two options, classic and connection wizard. The connection wizard is more important when you have to have, you have to create a resilient connection where it allows you to create multiple connections at multiple DX locations. And we will talk more about that, when we talk about High-Availability of direct connect connections. But let's go with the simple connection, which is a classic. Of course, we need to give some name. So my first DX connection and then you have to select the location. Now it will show you the location across the globe. Now understand that the direct console is the Global one. There is no Region here and you will see all the regional direct connect locations right here in this dropdown. So maybe if you want to select something from Mumbai, I will see what all options are there. And maybe let me select GPX Mumbai India. Now as per the DirectConnect location, it will give you option for the posts speed 1 Gbps, 10 Gbps or in certain cases where 100 Gbps link is supported, you will also get that option. But at Mumbai GPX I only have option for 1 and 10 Gbps. So I can select one of them. And if I don't have my router already in the DirectConnect location, then I can also asked to connect me with the DirectConnect partner so that I can get that router. Now, if you already have your presence in that location, then you just unselect that and you don't need to select that partner and that's it. And you have to just create the connection. Now, there is something called MACSec security, which we will talk again later. But again, this is very specific to the direct connect location. It is not available at all the locations. And ultimately, what it does is, it encrypts your direct connect traffic as well. But for Mumbai, this location, it is not applicable. So I'm not doing anything and I'll just go and create the connection. So now you can see that the status of this connection went from requested to the pending. And so I'm just pausing this video for a couple of seconds and I'll show you the new status of this connection. Ok. So now you can see that the connection has turned to be down. That means the network set up at least has been done. And you can see the details of this connection. You can see that state is down the location. The AWS device has been identified, the LOA is yet to be issued. but then once it is issued, you can download the copy of LOA and then you can give it to your direct connect location provider to make the cross connect as well as if you don't have your router. You can also provide that copy to your DX partner and then partner will provision in the router for you and then we will also issue a cross connect request on behalf of you. So in general, those are the steps for setting up the Dedicated direct connect connection. So I hope that is clear. And now let's get to the next lecture. Thank you.