Hi. as of now, we have seen what is DX connections and how to create those connections. And now let's focus on the next step. That is DX virtual interfaces. While DX connection provides the physical connectivity, the virtual interfaces provide the logical connectivity. So in order to really have the traffic flowing end to end, you need to create the virtual interfaces and you have to make sure that the BGP session is established and then actually packet starts flowing through the DX connection. So you must first provision the virtual interfaces on top of your DX connection. Now when you create the virtual interfaces, you have to use 802.1 Q VLAN tagging feature and this is what we had covered in the previous lecture. And now we will see its applicability in this context. All these services have the public endpoints or public IPs. Now, one way to reach to these IPs is over the internet and this is how typically we access AWS services, but you can access these services over the DirectConnect, which is a private network between your data center and AWS. Second type of the VIF is a private VIF as the name suggests, it allows you to connect to the VPCs and then all the resources inside VPC which are typically your EC2 machines or ENIs can be accessed over the private IP. And with private VIF, either you can directly connect it to virtual private Gateway which is attached to the VPC or you can attach private VIF to DirectConnect Gateway. And then same DX Gateway can be attached to multiple VPCs. And we will see all those architecture in the following lectures. Third type of the VIF is Transit VIF and this allows the connectivity to the Transit Gateway, but you can't directly attach a Transit VIF to the Transit Gateway. For this, you have to also have the DX Gateway in between. And then you can attach Transit VIF to the Transit Gateway. And once you attach the DX connection to the Transit Gateway, it can be then attached to the hundreds and thousands of the VPCs. And once that happens, now you create a logical connectivity on top of this connection in the form of VIF. So you create a private VIF and attach it to virtual private Gateway attached to the VPC. And while creating the VIF, you assign the VLAN tag and these VLAN tags help segregate the traffic across multiple VIFs on the same connections. And we already talked about how this VLAN tagging works. So likewise, you can create another private VIF which goes to DX Gateway and then one DX Gateway can be attached to the multiple VPCs and for connecting to the public services, you create a public VIF. Now, in all these cases, there are different via tagging that we are using so that traffic can be isolated. OK. Now let's look at the VIF with respect to the Dedicated or a Hosted connection. So if you are using the Dedicated connection, then you can have multiple VIFs created on top of the same connection. And as of today, the limit is 50 VIFs, but in the future, it may increase. So always refer AWS documentation for the current limits. But in case of Hosted connection, which means the connection is owned by the DX partner and then it is allowing you to use that connection. So in that case, you can create only one VIF on that Hosted connection, which means if you want to have multiple VIFs created, then you need to have the multiple Hosted connections. Now, in this case, the VLAN tag number is allocated by your DX partner and you can't edit that. So whenever you will create a VIF, there will always be this VLAN tag, prepopulated and grayed out for you. So this is how the Hosted VIF looks on top of the Hosted connection. Now, let's look at the third VIF that is a Transit VIF as we said, it allows you to connect to the Transit gateways. But for that you have to create a VIF and attach it to the direct connect Gateway first and then you can attach multiple Transit gateways to this DirectConnect Gateway. Now, DirectConnect gateways are the Global routers. That means you can connect the Transit gateways across different AWS regions. And then you can create VPCs inside those regions and connect to the Transit Gateway in that Region. So again, Transit VIF is very important when you have to have a scale out architecture over a DX connection. And in the following lectures, we will see some architectures which covers this in more detail. So thanks for watching and stay tuned.