Hi. So in the earlier lecture, we understood different type of the VIFs. Now let's understand the VIF parameters. Now, in this lecture, we are not going to very detail about individual VIF that is public or private or Transit. But we are talking about general parameters which are applicable to most of the VIFs. And then while we get into the more detail, we will talk about individual VIFs. So let's get started. So the very first thing as you know, for creating the VIF, you need DirectConnect connection. Now that connection can be a Hosted connection or a Dedicated connection or it could be a LAG. Now we haven't seen LAG so far, but it is link aggregation. That means you can consolidate multiple dedicated connections as one logical connection so that you get multiplied bandwidth. And more about that will cover shortly in the following lectures. But then you need a connection on top of it, you create a VIF, right? So that's obvious, then comes the VIF type which is also self-explanatory. And then VIF name, you can put any name, essentially it is a tag, a name tag for your VIF like any other AWS resources now comes the other important parameters which you need to understand why it is required VIF owner. Now, we have been talking about a normal VIF as well as the Hosted VIF. Now, if you remember, we said like in case of Hosted VIF, the VIF owner is some other AWS account. And that's where in this case, you have to provide whether it's your own AWS account or it's someone else AWS account who will be owning the VIF then comes the Gateway type. Now, this is applicable to the private VIF. only because for public VIF, you don't attach it to the VPC but private VIF can be attached to the VPC through virtual private Gateway or it can be attached to the direct connect gateways. Now, we haven't seen direct connect gateways as of now, but this is what the two Gateway types that you have to select when you create the private VIF then comes the VLAN. Now VLAN ID is something that you want to assign it to the VIF. And we understood about that in the basics of DirectConnect where we say like there is a VLAN trunking happening and then you have to tag your VLAN frames so that your traffic can be segregated through the same connection. And that's where you have to provide this VLAN ID. So it should not be duplicated on the same DX connection. Of course, two VIFs on the same DX connection cannot have the same VLAN ID. But  across different connections, you can reuse the same VLAN ID and the value should be between 1 to 4094. Now, for Hosted connection, as you know, the Hosted connection is not owned by you, right? In that case, VLAN tag is provided by the Hosted connection owner. In that case, you don't get that option to select the VLAN tag or put the VLAN tag on the VIF. It is inherited from your Hosted connection. So it's configured by your partner. Now about the BGP, as you know, for DirectConnect, it is required to have the end to end BGP routing configured. Now, all these parameters will be related to the BGP. So first of all, the BGP Peering happens over the IPv4 addresses or IPv6 addresses then BGP peer IP addresses. Now, this would depend on whether you are using a public VIF or a private VIF. Now, if you're using the public VIF, in that case, you need to give the public IP ranges for BGP peering in the range of /30 CIDR block. And if you don't have public IP ranges in this CIDR block, then you can ask AWS to provide you those public IP ranges and those IPs will be used as a BGP peer. In that case, in case of private VIF, you can provide any IP range from the given range that is 169.254.0.0/16. And if you skip it, AWS will automatically pick some range from that CIDR block and we assign it to your BGP session. Now, one thing to understand is that in case of IPv4 addresses, you can't choose the BGP peer IP addresses. It is allocated automatically by AWS in the range of /125 IPv6 CIDR block. So these are the things about BGP peer IPs and we'll understand more about those when we talk about a specific public VIF and private VIF than how these BGP peer IPs can be allocated. So just to summarize what we saw so far for creating VIF, you need to have the connection, the type of the VIF, the name of the VIF who is the owner of the VIF. Now, in case of private VIF, whether it is going to be connected to a virtual private Gateway or a DirectConnect Gateway, then you need to provide a VLAN tag in case of Hosted connection, VLAN tag is already provided by the Hosted connection owner that is your partner. And otherwise you will provide a unique VLAN ID on that particular connection. Then for BGP Routing, you need to choose the address family and then based on whether it's a public VIF or a private VIF, you have to give the BGP Peer IP addresses. Ok. Moving on, let's understand additional VIF parameters. So as you know, there is a BGP peering, that means there should be BGP peers and their ASN numbers, autonomous system numbers. And in the previous lecture, we learned that in a provides a range of numbers for public and private ASNs. And in that case, AWS also have some ranges. So for VIF creation, you could either have the public or private ASN assigned to your side of the router. Now, here we are specifically talking about the VIFs and we are not talking about the ASNs for other components like DirectConnect Gateway or a Transit Gateway or virtual private Gateway. Those are all private ASNs that AWS side of the components, right? But here we are talking about the VIF on your side of the router connection. So if you own the public ASN which you have registered with IANA, then of course you can use your public ASN and that number will be the same that you are already having, right? But if it's a private ASN, then you can have either 16 bit or 32 bit number. For 16 bit, It is from 64512 to 65534 and default is 64512. And if it is 32 bit, then this range differs a little because IANA provides much longer range because its full 32 bit number, but AWS supports only 31 bit and that's where this number could be between 1 to 2147.., whatever that number is. So again, you don't need to remember all these numbers, but just for your information. So if you go to the AWS console and try to create a VIF, you will see the BGP ASN number at the bottom and the range is specified here. So I just tried putting the IANA provided range which starts with 4200 for the private ASN 32 bit number, but it doesn't accept that. Ok. Moving on, you also need to provide the BGP MD5 authentication key. Now, if you don't provide this key, AWS will automatically generate it for you. But if you have a security policy to have your own keys, then you can use any plain text kind of keys as well there. Moving on for public VIF, you also need to specify the prefixes to be advertised from the on-premises side. Now this isn't true for private VIF or a Transit VIF because once the BGP session is established, then the BGP peer will exchange those routes. But for public VIF, you would have to advertise these routes and as AWS router learns those routes, so any traffic going to those routes from AWS end it will use the direct connection for that and you can advertise both uh IPv4 routes or IPv6 routes how it looks like. So this is kind of DirectConnect connection and there are multiple public VIFs. So you need to advertise the prefixes while you set the VIF. OK, moving on about the Jumbo frames. So AWS DirectConnect also supports Jumbo frames, but this can only be enabled for Transit VIF or a private VIF. So if it is a private VIF, then you can have Jumbo frame up to 9001 byte default is 1500 byte. And if it's a Transit VIF, it can be up to 8500 bytes. So if you go to VIF creation page again, in additional settings, you can enable the Jumbo frame. Now this is for private VIF. Similarly, if you create a Transit VIF, then you could also enable the Jumbo frames. So just remember that Jumbo frames are supported in DirectConnect but not for the public VIF but for Transit or private VIF. So that's it about this lecture. Now, let's get into the individual VIF creation process. Thanks for watching and stay tuned.