Hi. as of now, we have seen the public VIF and a private VIF. Now let's quickly talk about the Transit VIF. And then in the following lectures, we will see architectures using the Transit VIF and private VIF along with the DirectConnect Gateway. So in this lecture, we will just cover the features and then we'll dive deep into the following lectures. So as you already know, Transit VIF allows the connectivity between the DirectConnect and the Transit Gateway and this Transit Gateway will be inside your AWS account. And as you know, Transit Gateway are the Region routers, that means every Region would have the Transit Gateway, they can't go across the AWS Region. And we will again talk about this architecture shortly. Now, the way you connect Transit Gateway to the DirectConnect is that first you have to provision the DirectConnect Gateway, create a Transit VIF attached to the DirectConnect Gateway. And then you can associate DirectConnect Gateway to the Transit Gateway in your AWS account. Now, with respect to the Jumbo frames, you know that on a private VIF, you can enable the Jumbo frame of 9001 byte but in case of Transit Gateway and Transit VIF, you can support 8500 byte size of the Jumbo frames. And you have to explicitly enable this while creating the Transit VIF. Now, you can also attach multiple Transit Gateway to a single DirectConnect Gateway. So if you want to see how it looks, now, this is a DX connection and there is a Transit VIF, you attach that to a DirectConnect Gateway and then you can associate multiple Transit gateways across different AWS Region to the same DirectConnect Gateway. You can also attach multiple DX gateways to a single Transit Gateway. Now again, this is an architecture pattern where you have multiple customer sites and all sites needs to communicate with your VPCs in a particular Region. For example, in that case, you can set up the architecture which does this and just one more thing to remember is that because there are now 2 gateways, Transit gateway and DX gateway, you have to make sure that the AS Numbers for those are different. Otherwise you can't associate these two gateways together, right? And what I mean by that? So this is an architecture where you are connecting multiple DX gateways to the same Transit Gateway. And with respect to the ASN it should be different when you associate Transit Gateway and the DX Gateway. So those are the things to remember for Transit VIF and the Transit gateways. And I hope that is clear. And now in the following lectures, we will dive a little deeper into the DirectConnect Gateway and some more architectures. Thanks for watching and stay tuned.