Hi. So now in this lecture, let's understand more about DX gateways. And you know that DX Gateway can be attached to the private VIF or a Transit VIF. But in this lecture, let's understand DX Gateway with private VIF. And in the next video, we will see DX Gateway with Transit VIF. OK. So very first question, why to use DX gateways? I know that you already understood that. But just to reiterate, if you want to access multiple VPCs over the same DX connection, then you can use DX gateways because without that, you would have to create multiple private VIFs which connects to the virtual private gateways (VGW). And then you would have to have as many BGP sessions as your number of VPCs. Now, in order to solve that problem, AWS had introduced DirectConnect Gateway. Another benefit is that with DX gateways, you can connect VPCs from different AWS regions, which wasn't possible using just the private VIFs to the virtual private gateways. So a single DirectConnect Gateway can be connected to multiple VPCs in the same or different AWS regions and in the same or different AWS accounts using the VGW or TGW and we will talk about that. So this is an architecture with private VIF. Here, we are not using the DX gateways. And as you can see, you have to have as many private VIFs as your number of VPCs and then you are restricted to single AWS Region. But here in this case, if you want to connect to different AWS Region VPCs, then you cannot with just the private VIF. So the solution is using the DX gateways. So these are accessible in all AWS Region and you can integrate DX Gateway with private VIF or a Transit VIF. So the architecture looks something like this. Now, instead of private VIF connecting directly to the VGW, you connect it to the DX Gateway first and then this DX Gateway can be connected to multiple VPCs across AWS regions. And there is a BGP session between customer router and the DX Gateway. Now, with respect to the AWS account ownership, the VIFs and the DX gateways must be owned by same AWS account. However, the VPCs that you attach to the DX Gateway or Transit Gateway can be in a different AWS account. Now, what I mean by that is if this is the architecture, then your VPCs could be in different accounts and your DX connection could be in different account as well. But the DX Gateway and the private VIF should be in the same AWS account. Now, you understood the Dedicated connection and the Hosted connection. In that case, the underlying DX connection can still be owned by either yourself or it could be owned by the partner. But when you create a VIF, that VIF and the DX Gateway should be in the same AWS account. So that's the restriction so far with respect to the ownership of the DX gateways. So moving on now, there are certain restrictions and this is obvious because you are connecting multiple VPCs to the same DX Gateway. So the VPC CIDR should not be overlapping. If they are overlapping, you can't associate them with the same DX Gateway. And again, there is no VPC to VPC communication allowed via the DX Gateway, unlike the Transit Gateway, which allows that communication, DX Gateway doesn't allow that, which means VPC can communicate to on-premises network, but inter VPC communication is not allowed. So first of all, all these CIDR which you allocate to VPCs should be different. And then this communication via the DX Gateway is not allowed. OK. So moving on with respect to the routes, the maximum 100 routes each for IPv4 addresses and IPv6 addresses can be advertised from on-premises to AWS over the DX Gateway. Now, this limit is ultimately same as the private VIF or Transit VIF limit. So when you associate this connection from AWS side, you will publish all the routes from your VPCs. So DX Gateway will learn about those routes. And as the BGP session is established between DX Gateway and the customer router, it will advertise all the VPC prefixes, right? And at the same time from corporate data center, you will advertise your side of the CIDR ranges. Now, you can't publish more than 100 routes each for IPv4 and then 100 routes for IPv6 addresses. And if you do that, that means if you advertise more than 100 routes, then your BGP session may go down, right? So you have to take care of that. And one of the ways to do that is aggregating your routes. So instead of sending multiple smaller prefixes, you just combine it into a larger prefix if it is possible and then just advertise limited number of routes. Now, with respect to the limits as of today, you can associate maximum 20 virtual private gateways, which means ultimately VPCs to the same DX Gateway and this limit may change in the future. So always refer to the AWS documentation for any limit numbers. Now, typically in the exam, you won't be asked about these numbers because they are ever changing. But just for your understanding, when you design the architecture, you need to consider those limits moving on. Now, quickly, let's look how to create the DirectConnect Gateway. So I'm into my AWS console and if you go to the DirectConnect Gateway, you can see that this is a Global service again and you can just say create DirectConnect Gateway and say my DX Gateway. And then you have to provide the Amazon side of the ASN. Now, there are no other settings here because most of the settings will be taken from your private VIF. That means what is required here is just an Amazon side of the ASN and then you can provide a private ASN in the range that is given here. So I can take like 64512 as it is given there and just create the DirectConnect Gateway. Now, if you remember while we created Private Virtual Interface, it was asking like whether it has to be connected to the VGW or a DirectConnect Gateway. And that's where now when your direct connect Gateway is created. So you can see that my private VIF would allow me to connect to that particular DirectConnect Gateway. So here if you select DirectConnect Gateway, then it is automatically populated. So this is how you create a direct connect Gateway and then create a private VIF and attach it to the DirectConnect Gateway. So with that, now let's move to the next part of this lecture. So let's look at a few DX Gateway architecture while you associate that with the private VIF. So this is one architecture where you can have multiple DX gateways and you can associate that on the same DX connection using different private VIFs. Now the question is why you will do that. Typically, this is required if you want to go beyond the limit, how many number of VGWs you can associate with a single DX gateways. as you know, this limit is 20 currently, which might increase. But if more than 20 VPCs you want to connect, then you can go with this kind of the architecture. Now, there is other architectures like using Transit gateways. But we'll talk about that shortly. There are reasons for using it and not to use it. But in case where Transit Gateway is not recommended, you can then use multiple DX gateways in this fashion. So this will allow the connectivity between all these VPCs across AWS Region to your corporate data center. Similarly, if you have multiple customer sites and all needs to communicate with your VPCs in AWS, then you can associate multiple private VIFs to a same DX Gateway. Right? Again, this is a very common architecture where customer has a Global presence and sites across the world. And customer will use multiple DX location depending on where that site is located. But ultimately, all this DX connection can get into the same DX Gateway, which is a Global Gateway. And then you associate all your VPCs across the Region to this DX Gateway. However, one thing to remember again is that you can't have VPC communicate to each other through this DX Gateway. And we will see that while looking at the Transit Gateway with DX Gateway architectures, OK. Another thing is that even this corporate data center network cannot communicate with each other over this DX Gateway. That means if site A is not connected to site B directly, but they are attached to the DX Gateway in this fashion, they cannot also route the traffic between them through this DX Gateway. And later, we will see how to solve this problem. OK. So no Routing between the customer sites. Again, the summary, while using the DX Gateway with private VIF DX gateways are globally accessible, they allow the connectivity between the om-premise network and AWS VPC. As of today, you can connect 20 VGWs to a single DX Gateway. But this limit can change for connecting VGW, the VPC CIDRs should not be overlapping, VPC to VPC communication is not allowed via the DX Gateway. And then with respect to the account ownership, the DX Gateway and the private WAF should be created in the same AWS account. With respect to the cost. DX Gateway doesn't have their own cost, they come free. But as the traffic flows through the DX Gateway, and we are talking about the ingress and egress traffic. So for ingress, there is no particular cost with respect to the data transfer. But as the traffic goes out of the DX Gateway to your on-premises network, again, the standard DirectConnect egress charge will be applicable. And at all the time, the DX port hour charges will be applicable. Now, these are not the charges which are directly associated with the DX Gateway, but these are the charges for DX connection, which anyways you will pay whether you use DX Gateway or not. So those are the few other things that you need to remember. So that's it for this lecture. We learned about using DX Gateway with private VIF. And now let's look at using DX Gateway with the Transit VIF. So thanks for watching.