Hi. Now, in this lecture, let's look at the DX Gateway with Transit VIF and with Transit gateways. And let's look at the architectures that you can build when you use these three components together. So very first thing you know that you should have a DX connection and it can be a Dedicated connection or a Hosted connection. And once you have that connection, you should create a Transit VIF and then you attach it to the DX Gateway. And then this DX Gateway can be associated with a Transit Gateway in a particular Region. And this Transit Gateway further connects to multiple VPCs. So this is a fairly standard architecture with Transit VIF and DX Gateway and Transit Gateway. However, you can further scale this architecture because you can create multiple Transit VIFs and also a single DX Gateway you can attach to multiple Transit gateways. So let's look at those architectures. So as of today, on a single Dedicated DX connection, you can create up to four Transit VIFs. So you can connect four DX gateways to a same DX connection using four Transit VIFs. And you know that a single DX Gateway can further be then connected to multiple Transit gateways in the same or different AWS regions. So architecture will look something like this. Now, with respect to how many Transit gateways you can connect to a single DX Gateway. So again, as of today, there is a limit of six Transit gateways. And with that, now if you make your calculation on a single Dedicated connection, you can create four Transit VIFs. Every Transit VIF will connect to a one direct connect Gateway and one direct connect Gateway can connect up to six Transit gateways across different regions. So four into six, that is 24. So you can connect up to 24 Transit gateways in different AWS Region. So with that, you can connect to almost 24 AWS Region on a single DX connection and that gives you kind of Global network in AWS world. So again, these are the limits which are currently applied and these limits will always change. So refer to AWS documentation. Whenever you are designing your architecture with respect to the routes, you can advertise up to 200 routes per Transit Gateway towards the on premise network. Again, these numbers need not be remembered. But if you are advertising many more routes than that, then you should aggregate your routes. With respect to the AWS account ownership. Similar rule applies as the private VIF which means that your direct connect connection can be owned by a account which is your account or it could be a Hosted connection. In that case, your DX partner has the account, but the connection is provision into your account. So anyone can have that AWS account. But when you create a Transit VIF or a DX Gateway, this should be a part of the same AWS account. Now, this account can be same as the account one, but it can be also a different AWS account. But the point here is that both the Transit VIF and DX Gateway should be part of the same AWS account. And then on the left side, you have Transit gateways and the VPCs again, Transit Gateway can be in different AWS account and even these VPCs can be in different AWS account. So in true sense, you get a flexibility to have multi accounts set up with respect to the network connectivity. OK. Moving on. So now with Direct Connect Gateway and Transit Gateway, let's look at how you can build architecture to have a connective between on premise network and VPCs and also inter VPC communication. So this is the same architecture that we have been seeing and you get a full Routing between the VPCs and on-premises network. Now this was also true when you were not using the Transit Gateway and you were just using the Direct Connect Gateway, attaching it to the VPC virtual private gateways and similar connectivity you get with the Transit gateways. However, I would like to mention one thing here is that Transit Gateway has additional charge, they have the charge of per GB data processed. So if you don't need Transit Gateway don't use it. But it is recommended for the large enterprises where there are hundreds and thousands of the VPCs and you have the true Hybrid connectivity. OK. Coming back to the topic. So you have full connectivity between VPCs and on-premises network. But Transit gateways being the regional router, you still don't have the connectivity between VPCs across these regions, right? So Routing between VPCs and on-premises network is possible. VPCs within the same Region now can communicate because Transit Gateway can allow that. But if you see the Routing between the VPCs across the Region is not possible, because DX gateways are not transitive in nature. So how do you solve this problem? Now, in this architecture, you can simply just add the Peering between the Transit gateways across AWS regions. And now these VPCs across Region can communicate with each other. So you can very well do this thing. So full Routing between VPCs and on-premises network and also Routing between inter VPCs. But how about the Routing between the customer sites? And we had seen similar pattern when we were connecting DX Gateway directly to the VPCs. And we know that this kind of connectivity is not possible where site A wants to communicate with the side B. But now because we have Transit Gateway Peering in place, do you think this routing is possible? So the answer is no, even if these Transit gateways are peered, but because they are connected to the same DX Gateway, this Routing is not possible between the sites. And for that, you have to do exactly the same thing. You have to have multiple DX gateways, something like this. And you should also have the Transit Gateway Peering. And now there is a connectivity between Site-to-Site through this Transit Gateway Peering. This is possible. So this is an interesting pattern if you want to enable the inter site connectivity. Now again, this is kind of the pattern until last year, I will say. But AWS then launched a new feature called Direct Connect SiteLink which enables the connectivity between these data centers without the traffic going through the direct contact Gateway or a Transit Gateway. That means traffic can be routed from the DX location itself. So we will also visit those architectures. But with respect to the Transit gateways, if you want to have the Site-to-Site connectivity, then this is a pattern that you need to follow. OK. With that, let's quickly summarize. So if you're using a Transit VIF, then there can be four Transit VIFs per DX Dedicated connection. And if you're using the Hosted connection, then you can only create one VIF. Now that's true even for the public or a private VIF that you can only create one VIF on a Hosted connection. TGW is associated with the DirectConnect gateways. And as of today, you can associate up to six Transit gateways to a single direct connect Gateway. And for inter VPC communication, you can peer the Transit gateways across the Region and then you get full connectivity. Now, these are the limits as of today that is until September 2023 and always look at the AWS direct connect quotas for the latest limit while you design your architecture. So that's it about this lecture. Hope you understood the architectural pattern that we discussed and going forward, we have more architectures to discuss. So thanks for watching.