Okay, so now let's look at the public wifi routing policies first, and let's see how it influences the traffic, which flows from AWS to on premise as well as from on-premise network to AWS. So, there are two type of the policies, inbound policies and outbound policies. As I said, inbound policies means the policies which are applicable to the traffic or routes flowing from customer router to AWS. So in this case, of course, when you create a public wifi, you remember you have to provide the IPv4 prefixes or IPv6 prefixes, right? To advertise over the BGP. So what that AWS learns, which are the IP addresses on the customer insight. So you must specify those IP addresses and you must also own those IP addresses. So AWS verifies that you own those IP prefixes. And this is important because, you know, if you advertise the IP prefixes not owned by you and maybe some other customers own it, then AWS would wrongly send this traffic to you instead of sending it to the other customers. And that's where this is very important that you own these public prefixes. Now traffic must be destined to AWS public prefixes. That means all the traffic that you are sending from customer router to AWS should also have the destination as one of the public IP addresses on AWS site. The transitory routing between the connection is not supported and I'll talk more about that shortly, but essentially what it means is once AWS learns about your side of the prefixes, AWS does not further share these prefixes with, you know, other customers because AWS would be having direct connect connection with multiple customers. So AWS does not advertise it further to the other customers. AWS also performs the inbound packet filtering now because AWS knows your side of the IP prefixes. It makes sure that AWS is receiving traffic only from those prefixes. So if you send the packet from a new IP prefixes, which is not advertised over BGP, AWS will reject that traffic. So let's look at through this architecture. On the right side, of course you have corporate data center and on left side, you have all AWS regions. Now, because we are talking about the public wifi, then you can access all AWS region as you know. So on your corporate data center side, you might be having some network ranges. One of the range is this, 192.168, and there could be additional network ranges as well. Now you want to advertise these routes to AWS over a BGP session. So first thing you must own these networks and AWS will verify that before setting up this BGP connection. And once that is done, you advertise these routes and these routes get advertised to all AWS regions because public wifi allows you to connect to all AWS regions. Now once AWS learns about these prefixes from your end, AWS could also propagate these routes to the other customer, but as transitive routing is not supported, and this is not something that you want, right? You don't want your routes to be published to some other customers, right? So that's where this is not supported. That means transitive routing is not valid. So that's one thing that you need to understand with respect to the inbound routing policies. Now let's talk about the public wifi outbound outing policies. Outbound means the traffic, which is flowing from AWS to the customer router. Now in this case, how AWS takes that decision, like I want to take one path over the other, and this is essentially applicable when there are multiple direct connect connections between AWS and your on-premise networks, right? So the longest prefix match takes the precedence. That, that is obvious and we have been seeing this in the various section, like a VPN as well, right? So what essentially this means is that if on AWS side, you have multiple routes in the route table and say, one route is with a slash 16 prefix, another route is with slash 28 prefix. And if there are two connection to reach to the destination, which route it will take? So if your IP address falls in slash 28 range, then it would take that prefix, even though the IP address also falls into a slash 16 range, but slash 28 is more, you know, longest prefix, I would say. More specific, right? In that case, that route will be, or that path will be selected for sending the traffic to customer router site. And the other thing is ASPATH. We learned about ASPATH in BGP session as well. Essentially, this means how many hubs are there to reach to the destination. Longest ASPATH, less paper path it would be, right? So these are the outbound policies, which also influence the routing decision for outbound connection. Now, AWS also advertises all local and remote AWS region prefixes to your network. And this is important because otherwise, if your network does not know about those public IP prefixes, then it does not really help you to route the traffic to AWS. AWS will also advertise all the public prefixes with something called NO Export BGP communities. Now what that means is once you learn the routes from the AWS, you should not further export these routes to the other networks outside of your network. Not similar to what AWS does as a non transitory routing in case of inbound, right? We said that AWS does not share those routes with the other customers. Same thing applies to you as well. You should not further export these routes to the other networks. Now, additionally, AWS also advertises some BGB community tags. Now, what does BGB community tags mean? We will see shortly, but what the purpose of this community tag is to filter the traffic at your end. And in the start of this section, I told you that, you know, you can filter whether you want to talk to only one AWS region or you want to the multiple AWS region, that can be done using this BGP community tags. And we'll see example of that shortly. Now, the prefixes advertised by AWS Direct Connect must not be advertised beyond the network boundaries of your connection. We just talked about that when we say there is a No Export BGP community tag, which AWS sends along with the routes. And finally, with the combination of this ASPATH and BGP communities, you can actually design different type of the network architecture. That means if you're multiple direct connect connection to reach to the target, you can decide if I want to do a load sharing of the traffic between these two connection, or maybe sometimes you want to have one connection as an active and one connection as a passive. Now this can be done using the combination of, you know, routing policies as well as BGP communities. So now with basic understanding of how the routing and BGP communities work, let's try to build some architecture when it comes to the traffic flowing between the AWS and on-premise network and when there are multiple direct connect connections. So how do you make a choice for one connection over the other? So let's get into that. Thanks for watching.