Okay, so now that you understood the basics of routing policies and BGP communities for public VIF, let's understand and go through a few architectures, and how you can influence the routing decision while using the multiple direct connect connections. So let's look at some of the architectures here. Now, first let's look at how to achieve the active-active connection using the public VIF. Now, one thing to remember is that, while we saw the public VIF, you have to provide the ASN for that VIF, right? And we understood that this ASN can be a public ASN or a private ASN. And in case of public ASN you have to own that. And it has to be registered in a regional registry, Y-R-I-N-E. So the routing would also depend whether you are using the public ASN or a private ASN. So considering the case, when you're using a public ASN for public VIF, then how the routing happens is that, on the customer gateway site, you have to advertise the same prefix with the same border gateway protocol. So you have two public VIFs created on AWS site, and you have to direct connect connections. And if you want to have the active-active connection, that means it should be a load balanced traffic from AWS to on-premise network. In that case, on both the connections or both the VIFs, you would have to advertise the same BGP attributes. And if you do that, then the traffic from AWS would be load balanced across both the connections. Now, this is applicable if you are using the public ASN. However, if you are using the private ASN, then the load balancing is not possible. That means you can only use the private ASN for use cases like active-passive connection. And we'll see that shortly as well. So now let's try to understand how the architecture should look like. Now, this is pretty much what we have been working upon this architecture, right? So you have corporate data center on AWS site. Now we have public VIFs. So there are two public VIFs here, because there are two direct connect connections. Now, if this is the architecture, then there are two parts to reach to AWS, as well as from AWS to optimize. Either using public VIF-1 or public VIF-2, Now idea here is that you want to load balance this traffic, whatever originating from AWS, then how will you achieve that? Now, remember that we are using the public ASN here for the public VIFs, right? So in this case it should be public ASN, and that means you own that ASN. Second, you have to advertise the same BGP prefix and BGP attributes. Now when we say same BGP prefix as in, when you advertise your prefix information, then it should be same. As well as if you are using other BGP parameters like MED or local preferences, those should also be the same. If you do that, of course the routes are sent over the BGP section, or both the connections, to the both the public VIFs, and then this is the issued at AWS end. And now what AWS would understand, is that both the parts are the same. The BGP attributes are same. Then it would start sending the traffic in a load balance mode, right? So some traffic will be sent to the VIF-1 and some traffic through VIF-2, Now this is called load balancing of the traffic. Now for this AWS uses a protocol called ECMP, that is equal cost multi-path. And as I said, this kind of load balancing is not possible if you are using private ASN here for your router. So this is what the active-active connection architecture looks like. And now let's look at the other scenarios that is active-passive connection. That means at any moment, you want one connection to be primary and one connection to be the secondary. So in this case, if you are using a public ASN, now in this case you can use both public ASN for a VIF or a private ASN for the VIF connection. Right, so if you are using a public ASN , then on the customer gateway site you have to advertise the same prefix on both the BGP sessions again. That means from customer end you will advertise the same prefix. Now, this is similar to your active-active connections as well. However, for influencing the routing decision at AWS end, you would have the longer AS_Path for the secondary connection. Now, while learning about the BGP, we talked about this, right? AS_Path has the hops, like how many hops it takes to reach to the destination. Now, if you add more hops, then it considers that network as inefficient network or a longer part. So it won't take that part. So what you do is on the primary, you advertise the short area spot and on the secondary connection, you advertise the longer area spot. Now, when AWS learns about this BGP parameters, it will take always the primary connection as, you know, the first choice, if the primary connection is done, then it will look for other paths. And so this is the case where AWS parts are influenced. Now, you also have to tell on your site, like you know, out of this connection, which of the connection I should use as a primary or secondary. Now this is something within your network, within your AS, right? And that's where the local preference comes into the picture. If you said, say a higher local preference, that part will be preferred over the other part. And we'll see that shortly, why the architecture again. But this is all you set the active-passive connection using the public VIF. Now things change a little while you use the private ASN. If you're using private ASN then longer prefix, you have to send on the primary connection, and then generic prefix has to be sent on the secondary connection. That is what we know, right? If the prefix is longer that means it has a closer match to the destination IP addresses, that part is preferred or the other. Now this is applicable to the private ASN for your public VIF. So let's now look at how the architecture should look like. Now here again we want to achieve the active-passive connection. And we are using public VIF with public ASN at your end. So this is a public ASN. As I said, if you want to have active-passive connection while using the public ASN, first you need to advertise the shorter AS_Path for the primary connection. So if you want to use this as a primary and this as a secondary connection. And for secondary connection you will just add more hops. So you just repeat the same AS_Path attribute again and again. Now as this reaches to the AWS side, it understands that it has to take the primary part via this connection. Now, what if the primary link fails for some reason? Of course there is another part that AWS knows how to reach to your router, so it will take the other part. Now, this is a case when AWS wants to send the traffic to your router, right? But how do you influence the decision in your router? Like it has to take the part via primary most of the time, and if primary is done it has to take the secondary part. And that's where the local preference comes into the picture, right? So you will set up the higher local preference on the primary part, and lower local preference on the secondary part. Now again, if your primary fails, right? In that case the secondary part will be taken for the outbound traffic from your customer router. So this is how you can see that, you know, you can have the active-passive connection using the public VIF. So there are two things, right? How to influence the traffic from AWS to your site, and how to influence the traffic from your site to AWS. For influencing traffic from AWS, you will use the shorter AS spot, and from your AWS you will use local preferences. So I hope that is clear. And now let's get into what if I have a private ASN, right? This is all when you are using the public ASN for your router. Now if there is a private ASN then things change. As I said for primary connection, you have to send more specific prefixes, and for secondary connection, you have to send more generic prefixes. So for example, you will send something like a base address/25 here. Right? And you can see multiple blocks of 25. So ultimately you are using the same range as X-X-X-X-zero slash 24, but you divided that into two ranges to be more precise, or more closer to the IP addresses. And in case of secondary connection, you will advertise the generic prefix that is slash 24. Now in this case, AWS learns that this is more specific prefix, even though the ultimate- The range is same, but this is more specific. Then that part will be taken over the secondary connection. So if the primary connection fails for some reason, then the secondary connection will be taken. So this is how you can have, you know, active-active and active-passive connections using the public VIF. So just to quickly, and realize again, for active-active connection, you need to have a public ASN for your public VIF. With private ASN and you cannot achieve that. And in that case, you have to just advertise the same VGP attributes from your on-premise router, and AWS will automatically use ECP to do the load balancing for active-active connection. Now for active-passive connection, things change a little when you use a public ASN or a private ASN. If you are using the public ASN... Again, you can use the AS_Path for influencing the routing decision at AWSN, and local preference for choosing- Again from on-premise to AWS, you can influence that decision using local preferences. Now instead if you are using the private ASN, then you have to send the more specific prefixes for the primary connection, and generic prefixes for the secondary connection. Okay, so hope what we just discussed is clear. And I know that this could be overwhelming to understand all these concepts at once, but maybe this is not asked in exam with that detail that we saw. But then this is always good to know when you actually work on direct connect, and when you actually get a chance to set up those routes, right? So with that, now we will get into the BGP community side of it, and let's see how BGP communities influence the routing decision, as well as scope for your routes while using the public VIF. So stay tuned and thanks for watching.