Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now that you understood the routing scenarios in case of using public VIF, now let's understand how BGP communities influence the route advertisement for the public VIFs. So in this lecture will also learn about BGP communities and then how BGP communities can be used in a public VIF. Now understand that BGP communities play different role while using the public VIF and a private VIF. So this discussion is for public VIF only. So as you know, the BGP communities are used to control the scope of your routes. Now let's understand what do I mean by controlling the scope of the route. So typically when you receive the on-premises prefixes or routes or a BGP session on AWS site, you have a choice or you have a control where those routes can be propagated to all AWS regions or you know particular AWS region, for example, and the requirement could be, you only want to have the connection with one AWS region because your company do not operate or do not use other AWS regions so there is no point in opening the routes for the other regions to communicate with your on-premise network. Now in that case you can control that advertisement that I am sending these routes from my customer gateway, but these route should be advertised to only the primary AWS region where the direct connection is established and do not advertise it to other AWS regions. So this is a kind of example, and you can completely control that route advertisement. So as with the public VIF, there are different community that support it for inbound connection, there are three BGP community tags which are supported 722491001900 and 9300. That means this will be applicable for the routes which are received from customer network to AWS and similarly, AWS also attaches the BGB community while AWS sends those route prefixes to your end or the customer end. And now we'll understand the effect of using different community tags. Apart from this community tag, AWS also supports the NO_EXPORT BGP community tag. And again, we talked about this briefly in the last lectures, but we will explicitly now understand what that means. So if I just want to show here, whenever routes are advertised from customer router to AWS customer route can set any of this BGP communities and when AWS sends the route of AWS public IPS and prefixes to the customer network, it can also set this BGP community tags. And now let's understand what that means. So first look at the inbound communities. Now, the prefixes received from the customer on public VIFs are advertised within the AWS as per the BGP community tags. As I said, you can set the BGP community tag then you advertise the route from the customer network to AWS, right? So if you set the community tag 72249100, then those prefixes or routes are advertised only local AWS region where their direct connection is located, right? That means those routes are not advertised to other AWS region. Now, if you're send the BGP community tag with 9200 instead, then get outside propagated to corresponding AWS continent, or there is a continent and multiple regions that included those in those continents. So for example, there is North America as a continent. So most of the AWS regions in North America will be a part of that continent. So your routes will be advertised to Northern America continent. As similarly, there is Asia Pacific, as well as there is a Europe, middle east and Africa. So these are the three continent currently supported. So now this again, depends on how far do you want your routes to be advertised within the AWS regions? If you think that you operate or use only North America based US regions, then you will set the BGP community tag is 9200. And similarly, there is one more BGP community tag, which is 7224:9300 and this means that everything that AWS city sees as the routes in a BGP session, it will advertise it to all AWS regions. And this is the default option as well for your BGP communities. That means if you do not attach any BGP community while advertising the route, then 72249303 it's considered and routes are propagated to all AWS regions. So this is what the inbound BGP communities looks like. Now, if you are using the community tag as 92249100, then all the routes received are only published or advertised to the local AWS region in which the Direct Connect connection is located. So in this case, my Direct Connect location is a Frankfurt. So only this particular region would receive that route. And which means that you can't really access the public AWS services from other AWS regions, because they don't know how to route traffic back to on-premises. They do not have your route prefixes. Now, if you change it to 9200, then as I said, it goes to per continent. So Ireland and Frankfurt are part of a same continent. So route will be advertised to both of these regions and any additional regions if they fall into that particular continent. And you can look at the AWS documentation around which region falls into which continent and this list will ever grow, right? Because number of regions are increasing. So that's not the point. The point is that with 72249200 BGP community tag, routes will be advertised to a particular continent. Similarly, if you send 7224:9300 as a BGP community tags, then anyways, it will be advertised to all AWS region. And this is also the default BGP community tag. So if you don't send anything, then also the same thing will be done. So this is how the inbound community tags works. Now let's look at the outbound community tags. Outbound means, for the routes which are sent by AWS to on-premise router. Now, in this case, AWS applies different BGP community tags, and let's understand what those are and what that means. So AWS can send you know 72248100. And this means that the routes are being sent from the same AWS region in which the AWS Direct Connect point of presence is associated. Now, this is something like, when you receive the routes at your end, you can understand that these routes am receiving from a local AWS region in which I have Direct Connect connection. So AWS will always associate this particular BGP community tag. And if the routes are being sent from that continent on the AWS site, then AWS will also attach this additional BGP community tag that is 72248200. So now at your end, you understand that if you see on the routes, you see this BGP community tag, you understand that, these routes are getting published by the continent. So it can be a local reason or it could be another region from the same continent. And that's where on your site, you can then put a filter, right? If the outside from local region or outside from continent. Accordingly, you can take decision whether you want to accept that route or not. Right? Similarly, if the routes are being advertised from region outside of the continent, then AWS does not put any tag, that means there is no tag and then at your end, you understand that this route is coming from the global AWS region, which is not part of a continent in which you have the Direct Connect connection. So ultimately looking at this BGP community tags, you can understand that whether I'm receiving these routes from the local region or the continent, or from the global AWS region. And now it's up to you now, whether you want to accept those routes, or you want to drop those routes so that you can control that your customer network can talk to a local region or multiple regions in the continent or all the regions, which AWS has. So that decision is with you by using this BGP community tags. So hope that is clear. And now, apart from this tags, AWS also advertises another tag which is no export community tag, and I just talked about that briefly earlier that NO_EXPORT means, you should not further advertise these routes, which you receive from the AWS to other networks out of your network, right? Because this is a private connection between AWS and your network. So there is no need that you advertise these route, which you receive from the AWS to the other network, which you are connected to, but AWS is not connected to. So that's where that NO_EXPORT Community tag is put on all the routes with AWS sends. Then the customer router can choose which prefixes to accept by filtering the routes based on the BGP community associated with this routes. And I just explained that based on whether you want to have a connection or the communication between local region or whole continent or to all public AWS regions. So now let's try to understand the same thing here. Okay. Now let's try to visualize what we just said, right? So maybe you have your Direct Connect connection in the Frankfurt region. And then there is a AWS Frankfurt region and there are public services, and this is a European continent as for the distinction that AWS has done. And there could be other regions in this continent, right? Now, in this case for the outbound traffic or the outbound routes from AWS to your network, you can see that AWS publishes the routes as well as the BGP community tag. Now, this is a local region because the connection is in the same region. AWS will advertise the prefixes. Now this prefixes means the public IP address, prefixes of all AWS services in the Frankfurt region, right? And along with those routes, AWS will also associate this particular BGP community tag that is 72248100, which means that the routes are coming from a local region. So you're connected to local region as in Frankfurt via Direct Connect. So routes are being sent by the Frankfurt region. Now, if you have another region like Ireland, it falls into the same continent. Then also you will receive those routes, but then there will be a different BGP community there. That's what we just learned. And there could be also routes sent by the public region like North Virginia, which is not part of the same content, in that case from Ireland, when the routes are received, it has the community tag as 72248200. And if they're outside from North Virginia, then there will be no tag. Now, along with all these different tags, it would also have the NO_EXPORT tag. So whenever routes are received along with whatever BGP community tag it has, along with that, additionally, there will be no export tags. So they, they have like multiple tags on the same route. Now, what you can do is you will receive this routes as well as BGP communities at your end and with the NO_EXPORT, you can't really have this advertised to other route table or a public route table which are all over the internet, right? You should keep those routes within your network. That means that's what this NO_EXPORT means. Now, additionally you can filter the traffic as we are saying, right? So you want to only have the communication with local AWS region in that case, what you'll see, you'll see the routes coming in, say for example, routes from the Ireland region, and you will see that there is a BGP community tag 8200 but I don't want to have my communication with the Ireland region. So you drop those routes. You don't accept those routes. You don't publish or further advertise those routes to your route table, right? So all this kind of filtering you can do while you receive those routes from the AWS end. So this is how the BGP communities work for our public interface, and I hope that is a little more clear what is the purpose of BGP communities and how the scope the route advertise meant for inbound as well as outbound route advertisement or BGP session. So with that now, I think we covered everything about the public VIF, the first talk about the routing policies for public VIF, these are various architectures like active, active, and active passive connections. And then we saw the BGP communities, how you can have the different scope of the routes while using the inbound as well as outbound BGP communities. So I think that's it for the public VIF routing policies and BGP communities and now let's look at the private VIFs routing policies and the BGP communities. So thanks for paying attention. And now let's get into the next lecture. Thanks for watching.