Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now, let's understand some of the architectures with respect to the DX connections. Now, having the Direct Connect connection from on-premises to AWS does not guarantee that this connection will be up 100% of the time. You know that the failures can happen. Now, there could be a fiber cut, there could be some issue with the router, your router or AWS router. And in that case, you can expect downtime over the long period of time. In this case, if the network connection between AWS and on-premise data center is really critical, then you should also design the high availability of the Direct Connect connections. So in this lecture, let's look at some of those options, how you can achieve the high availability of your Direct Connect connections. So this is the simplest example, where you have a single Direct Connect link between AWS and on-premise data center. Now, if you are cost-conscious and you don't have an option to have a second Direct Connect connection, then probably you can go with a simpler solution of the VPN as a backup connectivity. So if Direct Connect connection fails, then traffic can go over the VPN. Now, please understand that VPN traffic goes over the internet, which also means that you can get the same kind of bandwidth and the latency over the VPN. So you can expect the higher latency than the Direct Connect, and probably the connection may not be that stable as the Direct Connector. However, it's a good solution. It's a cost-effective solution, I would say. And again, it is not really recommended for critical workloads when you are really operating in a hybrid mode. So in that case, it is recommended that you go with at least two direct connections. Now, in this case, you can leverage a single Direct Connect location, and then you can go for two Direct Connect connections which are terminated at two different Direct Connect devices. Now, this is important because if both of the connections dominate on the same AWS Direct Connect device, then the failure in that device will cause, again, the disruption of both the connections. And while creating the Direct Connect connection, you can request AWS that you want to leverage another AWS device. And even if you don't specify that, AWS will always try to find different AWS device to terminate your second connection, because there is already a mapping between your connections and AWS devices being used at the Direct Connect location. So, this also provides some kind of higher resiliency. But again, if you look at the Direct Connect location, there is just one location. So for some reason, if there is outage at the Direct Connect location, then again, both the links will be down. This is not that frequent and the probability is very less, but still there is a chance, right? So in this scenario, make sure that both the VIFs terminate on different AWS devices. And you can check the AWS device ID by going through the AWS console. And if you look at VIF details, it will also show you the AWS device ID. Now, as I said, if you want to avoid the location level failures, in that case, you can go with the two Direct Connect locations. So first connection is in Direct Connect location one, and the second connection in Direct Connect location two. Now, this is better than the earlier architecture, because it can withstand the failure of a single Direct Connect location as well. So this is a better architecture, and this is called high resiliency architecture in AWS stomps. Okay, so far so good. This works well. And then you are connected to multiple corporate data center sites, and this is pretty much good for most of the workloads. But as I said, if it's really, really critical workload, probably you would also need to have for the redundancy, anti Direct Connect location itself. That means you'll go with this kind of architecture where you have two Direct Connect locations, and within that location, you again have two devices where the Direct Connect connection terminates. So this is called a maximum resiliency architecture for Direct Connect. And this is what AWS recommends for your critical workloads. So, important that you decide what kind of workloads you have, can they withstand the network failure, then, what is your RTO recovery time for that, and what's the cost implication of having the multiple Direct Connect connections? So now with that, you can also set up these connections using AWS console as well, what AWS provides you some options while you set up your Direct Connect connection. So there is one that is a Classic setup, which is like a single connection creation process. But if you want to go with the Connection Wizard, then it provides you three options, maximum resiliency, high resiliency, and development and test workloads. So let's just look at those options in the console, and that would give us the overview of how the network's setup looks like in all these three cases. Okay, you can see that I'm in Direct Connect console and I'm going to the connections. Now, here, you can create a new connection and AWS provides you two options, either Classic mode or Connection Wizard. Now, we already saw the Classic mode. So it is like creating a single connection, and what we are interested is in looking the Connection Wizard. And Connection Wizard, it provides the three options. Maximum resiliency, now, that's where you are leveraging two Direct Connect location, and within those locations, you are again leveraging two AWS devices. So, total four connections here, and that's where you get the maximum redundancy for your network failures. Now, you can also go with higher resiliency model, where you have single device into every Direct Connect location. And then, if it is a development and test enrollment, then AWS suggests that you have two connections probably dominating in the same Direct Connect location. So these are the three options that you can choose, and then accordingly, would select multiple locations. Now, we are not going to create these connections, but ultimately, that choice is there. That's what the resiliency means for Direct Connect. So with that, I hope it is clear now how to have the multiple Direct Connect connections and achieve the required resiliency levels. And this is, again, some kind of information which will be useful for your exam. Thanks for watching, and stay tuned.