Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now let's talk about the security of direct connect connection. Now, there isn't much there to talk about, but then again, it's important for your exam. So, you know that the direct connection itself is a private connection between AWS and on-premise data center. And when we say private, that means there is actually a dedicated line as well from direct connect location to your data center. And at the AWS end, it makes sure that the ports, which are located to a particular customer is dedicated to that customer. Now with that, sometimes it's still required to have the traffic to be encrypted, what flows over through direct connect. And which also means that the traffic is not encrypted by default. So it is not like a VPN where all the packets are encrypted, right? So direct connect does not encrypt your traffic. So if you require that traffic to be encrypted, what options you have, right? Now, that would depend on at which layer you want to encrypt that traffic. So, essentially you can use layer three protection or layer two protection. So if you want to use or say, if you want to encrypt the traffic at layer three of the OSI layer, then you will use VPN over a direct connect. Now that seems to be something weird, but ultimately it will do the job, right? And then if you want to do the encryption at layer two, then earlier it wasn't possible. But now AWS has introduced something called MACSec. With that, you can encrypt the traffic at layer two. Now, apart from this, if you want to encrypt the traffic at above layer, like layer four, you can always use say STPs kind of protocol, which ultimately uses TLS at layer four to encrypt the traffic. And this is what I would say is most desirable, but in certain cases, maybe some appliances to work at both the end, you need layer three encryption or layer two encryption. And that's where you will look at these options. So what does it mean by encrypting the direct connect traffic, right? Why we need that? So first of all, because direct connect traffic is not encrypted as I said, if you're not applying those encryption techniques. So the ideal way to encrypt the traffic is to have layer four that is transport layer security encryption enabled on the host communicating over the direct connect. So host should handle that encryption and not the PII, which is taking your packet from source to the destination. So as I said, if you still require to have the layer three encryption, then you can set up a VPN over direct connect connection using the Public VIF. Now, can you think why we are talking about the public VIF here? If you remember we said that in a VPN session that you need to have public IPs at both the end and then VPN is formed over the internet, right? So in this case as well, you need to have the public IPs at both the end. And in that case, the traffic will flow over through Public VIF, right? Now, how it is possible to have this VPN over a Public VIF? Because you know that at AWS side, if there is a VPC, you can terminate your VPN at virtual private gateway, right? Now, virtual gateway also has its own public IPs. And that's we understood while looking at the VPN station. Now this public IPs falls within the AWS public IP ranges, to which you can reach over public VIF. And that's the whole point that AWS uses this public IPs of VGW to establish this VPN connection. Now you can do that over VGW, as well as we can do that over a transit gateway. Because the transit gateway also uses the public end point. And you can also terminate your VPN on the transit gateway. So both options are there. With that, of course you can set up the IPsec tunnels using the public IP of VGW or transit gateway. And on your end, you need to have your public IPs so that the connection is established using the public VIF. So if I want to talk about the architecture, you have the public VIF, and then you can connect to AWS region. And now you would have the IPSec VPN, by using the public IPs of this VGW. And for high availability, you would have again, two tunnels because VGW provides two tunnels there. Now one thing to understand is that you are still limited by the bandwidth of VGW, you know that VGW provides maximum bandwidth of 1.25 GBPS per tunnel. And that's where even if you have the direct connect connection over, say, 100 Gbps, but you would be able to use only 1.25 Gbps. And that's what the limitation of this architecture, if you are using the VGW to terminate your VPN, that means you can use transit gateway as well, instead of VGW. So you just replace VGW with transit gateway, and then you terminate your VPN connection to multiple VPCs. Now transit gateway does not apply that limit of 1.25 Gbps. You can aggregate all your VGW limits into one transit gateway, and then you can get aggregate bandwidth out of multiple VGWs. And then AWS uses the ECMP per tunnel to, you know, allow the bandwidth aggregation. So this is a good architecture where you have the end-to-end direct connect traffic to be encrypted. And also you are not limited by the VGW bandwidth. Now, just one more thing about this architecture is that you might be wondering that we don't have the direct gateway here in between, because you know that if you want to connect transit gateway to the direct connect connection, then you need to have the direct connect gateway. But if you remember our discussion, we are talking about connecting over a public VIF to the public IPs of the transit gateway. And this is not the connection through a private VIF, right? It is over a public VIF, and that's where you won't have the direct connect gateway. You just have this public IPs from transit gateway, which you can reach over the public VIF, and then you form this VPN connection over those public IP addresses. So I hope that is clear. So this is all about the layer three encryption, and this is IPSec encryption. Now, as I said, you can also use something called Mac Security, which operates at layer two. Now this is a relatively a new feature. Earlier it wasn't there, but if you just want to know more about the MAC Security, it's IEEE 802.1 layer two standard. And ultimately what it provides is data confidentiality, integrity, and data origin authenticity. And typically this is what is required to make sure the connection is very secure. So it provides the layer two security for dedicated connections only. Now that is also something you need to remember. It cannot be applied on the hosted connections. Now, as it is a newer concept, MACSec security is not available at all direct connect locations. So you need to look at the list of the direct connect locations and the partners who can enable the MACSec for you. So ultimately over the time, it would be applicable on all direct connect locations, but not at the moment. Also understand that in order to have the MACSec, you have to enable it at both the ends, on AWS side, as well as customer router side. So make sure that, on customer device as well, the MACSec is enabled and it supports the MACSec. Now, there are also a lot of details about the MACSec, like how it manages the encryption and authentication keys. And for that, it uses something called MACSec key agreement. Now you don't really need to get into that details. And just one more point about the MACSec is that when you configure your connection, you can specify one of the values for your MACSec and those values are, should encrypt, must encrypt, or no encrypt. So what this should encrypt means is that it will try to encrypt the traffic. That means, you know, for encryption, there is handshake of the keys, the keys are exchanged at the border end for the encryption. So it would attempt to have that key exchange. And for some reason, if the key exchange or authentication fails, then encryption won't happen. And in that case, the frames, which are sent from source to the destination will be unencrypted. And which also means that traffic will still flow without the encryption. But if the encryption is successful, then it will always send the encrypted frames. But if you sent this MACSec parameter to must encrypt, so it will attempt to have the key handshake. And if that handshake fails, then your connection will be down and your encryption status will also be down. So remember, you know, the effect of the settings. And of course the no encrypt means that if you are encrypting the traffic, then those frames will be dropped. And only the non-encrypted frames will be transmitted over the direct connect connection. So there's other few things you need to understand about the MACSec security, but to be honest, I haven't seen MACSec coming into the exam as of now, and this, you can consider more as you know, for the future exam. So with that, for the security of the direct connect connection, you have multiple options to encrypt the traffic. Obviously, the first choice should be encrypting at layer four. That means you can use the higher layer protocol like HTTPS, which uses the transport layer protocol. But in case you need to encrypt this traffic at layer three or layer two, then you have two options. For layer three you can use IPSec VPN. Now this VPN can be terminated on virtual private gateway or a transit gateway on AWS side. And for this connection, you need to have the public VIF, because it is terminated over the public IPs on the AWS side. And if you want to do layer two encryption, then you can use MACSec security protocol. Now MACSec security protocol is not available at all direct connect locations. So before you apply that, make sure that it is available on your connection. And second, the MACSec security protocol is only applicable for the dedicated connection. So I think that's it about the encrypting the traffic over a direct connect. And I think we'll wrap this session here. So thanks for watching.