Okay, so in this lecture now let's look at some of the troubleshooting tips with respect to the DirectConnect issues. Now, this would be again helpful for your exam because, given a scenario, you should be able to know where exactly to look for solving that particular problem, or an issue. So with respect to the DirectConnect, there could be issues at different layers. I mean, you can categorize these issues in the VSL layer model. For example, there could be a issue at the physical layer or there could be issue at the routing layer. So depending on at which layer the issue is, we can definitely put some troubleshooting steps. So let's get started. First thing, when there is no physical connectivity, that means you are not able to really receive any signals from the DirectConnect connection. So primarily these issues could be at Layer 1. Now, in this case, what you need to check is, of course, the Cross Connect is complete by the DirectConnect location provider. When you go for a dedicated connection or a hosted connection, you have to make sure that the DirectConnect location provider has completed the Cross Connect. Now, in case of dedicated connection, if you remember for this you are to hand over the LOA/CFA to the DirectConnect provider, and then he will do the Cross Connect for you. In case of hosted connection, it is... A DirectConnect partner from whom you are taking the hosted connection will do this activity for you. Then you are to make sure ports are correct, the routers are powered on, the Tx and Rx signals are being received. Now we know that using CloudWatch we can see that. And then if there are no Tx/Rx signal, then you can contact the colocation provider and they can give you the report of the Tx and Rx signals. Now, looking at that report, you can see that where is the problem with respect to the signals. Also, you know, in the CloudWatch, it also provides the physical error count on the AWS devices. So that will also give you some indication of the problem at the physical layer. And nothing out of this works, then obviously you can contact AWS support. So this is how you will troubleshoot the Layer 1 issues. Now, if the connection is up, but still your VIFs are down, so you might've created a public VIF or a private VIF and those VIFs are not working, then you are to make sure the IP addresses that you provide while creating the VIFs, right, those are correct. Now, if you remember, while creating the public VIF you provide the public IP ranges on the customer router end as well as AWS end for BGP session, as well as you also advertise the prefixes on the customer end. Now those IPs must be owned by the customer, you know that, so you are to make sure it is correct, VLAN IDs are correct. So what are tags you are using now? You know that if it's the same connection VLAN tags should be unique across all VIFs on the same connection. So you have to make sure VLAN IDs are correct. The router MAC address in the ARP table, that means... You know, ultimately at Layer 2, the IP addresses are mapped to the MAC addresses for the routers, right? So in that case, you are to make sure MAC addresses are correct. If not, then you can also try cleaning your ARP tables and also you are to make sure if it's a issue with the VLAN, then VLAN truncing is enabled at the intermediate devices. Now this is more on your side of the network because the connection from DirectConnect location to AWS is, again, managed by AWS, but from DirectConnect location to the on-premise data center, whatever network is there, if there are multiple hubs and routers in between you are to make sure VLAN truncing is enabled there as well. And of course, if nothing out of this works, then contact AWS support. So now assuming that your connection is up, the VIFs are up, but still the traffic is not going, and you see that the BGP session is down. So for that, you are to make sure when you give the parameters for the BGP session, you give the correct ASN numbers. Now, you know that if you are using the public VIF and you are doing a public ASN, that ASN has to be owned by the customer and AWS verifies that. Then you also provide the peer IPs for the BGP session. Those needs to be correct as well. Now, in case of public VIF you know that these IP addresses should also be owned by the customer. Then comes the MD5 Authentication key. Make sure that there are no additional spaces and you provide your own MD5 Auth key or you use the one generated by AWS. But when you expose these configurations and apply the same key on your side of the router, that means customer side of the router, you don't make mistake while putting those keys. Then you know that in case of private VIF you can't advertise, or you shouldn't advertise more than 100 prefixes. Otherwise the BGP session goes down and for public VIF this limit is 1000 prefixes. So no more than 1000 prefixes should be advertised from customer into AWS side. You also know that for BGP session, it uses TCP 179 port number. So you are make sure that the firewalls at customer end are not blocking this port. Otherwise you can always look at the BGP logs and again, if nothing works, your BGP session is still down, you can contact AWS support. Now let's take the final approach where everything is okay, connection is okay, VIFs are up, BGP session is also up, but still the traffic is not reaching to the destination. So in that case, it could be a problem with your maybe routing tables, but we can see that if you are advertising the right routes for the on-premises prefixes. Because on AWS end those routes will be propagated, and if your IP address is not part of the prefixes that you advertise, then AWS won't route that traffic to your network using the DirectConnect connection. Now for public VIF it should be publicly routable prefixes. We already talked about that. Now on AWS side, you are to make sure your security group, which is attached to EC2 machines or ENIs, are not blocking the traffic or at subnet level network access control lists are not blocking the traffic from the source IP addresses of your on-premise network. And you should also check your VPC Route table that there is route exist to take that traffic from AWS to on-premise network. Now these routes could be static or these routes could be dynamic propagated one. So make sure those routes are available, without that traffic cannot flow in either direction. Now, if you want to further understand these troubleshooting steps, then I would recommend that you visit the AWS documentation where the troubleshooting steps have been explained in further details. But as of now, that's it for troubleshooting AWS DirectConnect connection issues. So I think we covered pretty much about AWS DirectConnect and it's time now to just recap what we saw for the DirectConnect. And in the future if there are more topics, I would be happy to add it in the same section. So thanks for watching.