Now let's have a detailed look at the first type of invocation for lambda functions that we've already been using, called the synchronous invocation. So you're doing a synchronous invocation when you're using the CLI, and the SDK, the API Gateway, or even an Application Load Balancer. What does that mean by synchronous? that means that you're waiting for the results, and then the result will be returned to you. And any errors that come backs to you must be handled on the client side. That means that if my lambda function fails, and I just invoked it from the console, I want to click on the retry button to retry it. So that means that any time there is an error on lambda, the client has to figure out what to do. Do you want to retry it, do you want to do an exponential backoff, etc etc. So synchronous means a direct invocation that you weight the result of. So the CLI and the SDK would just invoke our lambda function, the lambda function would do something, and give us our response. This is the same when we'll use the API Gateway in the future sections, so the clients will invoke the API Gateway, the API Gateway will proxy its request to the lambda function, so it will invoke the lambda function for you; the lambda function will give the response to your API Gateway, which will give you the response. And so in this schema, we're just waiting for the response that makes it a synchronous type of invocation. So, what services are synchronous with lambda? Well, first of all, any time it's user-invoked then it's going to be synchronous. So: Elastic Load Balancing through the Application Load Balancer, the API Gateway, CloudFront with Lambda@Edge that we'll see. Anything in bold right now is stuff we'll see in this course, and anything not in bold will not be seen in this course. So Amazon S3 Batch; all the services, such as Cognito, Step Functions, and other services: Lex, Alexa, and Kinesis Data Firehose. So in this section we're going to see Application Load Balancer, API Gateway, CloudFront, we'll see Cognito and Step Functions, in their respective sections. Okay. So, now that we know what services invoke a lambda function synchronously, let's have a play with the hands on.