Okay, so let's have a look at the synchronous invocations. And actually when we had our code over function, and we just did test, then this was a synchronous invocation because we are waiting for the results of the invocation, and we get it here in this window. If it took maybe two minutes for this invocation to complete, we would have waited two minutes to get the execution results. Very simple, this is what goes on through the UI. The other thing we can test the synchronous invocation with is using the CLI. So I'm going to open AWS CloudShell which is available in my region, otherwise you can just use the CLI for this use case with your terminal, and in here, as we can see the errors command line is available to us. So if I do give us management version we get the fact that it is version 2.1. So this is perfect. Okay. So let's use this CLI to list our functions. So it was Lambda list functions and this should list the functions within the region. Make sure to add the region flag if you're using this CLI so for me, it's EU west 1. if using the CLI in your terminal and not using CloudShell, but here we go, we have found that we have our function name or function ARI and the runtime and so on out of the function that is right here. So next we want to do a synchronous invocation from the CLI of our lambda function, and for this this just go into our code and under a synchronous.sh we have the different commands. So I'm on Linux Mac because this is CloudShell and this is using the CLI V2 versions. So if you see have CLI V1, a version one version is going to be a slightly different for the command line but you should have version two by now. So use this command and then you paste it. And this is going to invoke my function name hello world is going to pass in this payload. And then it's going to write the response of json as a result. And I can remove this region argument right here. Otherwise it's not going to work. So I press enter. And it says a function has not been found, for some reason. So yes, the name is not hello world. It is a demo Lambda in this example. So I'm going to go in here and change the function name to demo lambda. As we can see now this is working, we get a 200 result back. And then if I do go into response to json we get the value 1 as a response to that. I mean, my synchronize invocation has worked. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.