Okay, so now let's practice event mappers and for this we'll just author a new function from scratch and the invent mapper we'll be using is SQS so I will name my function lambda-SQS, python 3.8 and I will go ahead and create my function. Also, we need to create an SQS queue for this for my lambda function to be able to retrieve the messages from our SQS queue. So I'm just gonna to create a queue and I will name my queue lambda-demo-SQS. Okay. So this is a standard queue and I will just scroll all the way down and create this queue. Okay. So my queue is created and my lambda function is created as well so now for my lambda function to retrieve messages from our SQS queue, what I need to do is to click on add trigger. So add a trigger and here we have all the options of triggers within, for our lambda function so as you can see, there's a lot of AWS type of integrations, but also some partner events sources that you can get directly into your lambda function, but so for this example, what I'm going to do is go into SQS, which happens to be right here. Okay. So we need to choose an SQS queue so I will choose the lambda-demo-SQS and next we have to specify the batch size. So how many messages we want to receive as part of a single batch. And you can go anywhere from one message, all the way up to maybe a bigger batch size. Okay? And you need to look into the documentation to see what is the biggest batch size. I thought it used to be 10, but now I guess it is longer. So then the batch windows so how long to gather records before invoking the functions in seconds so this is to be more efficient and invoke the function less while having a bigger batch for your lambda function to process. And finally, you need to make sure to enable the trigger. So I will enable this trigger and click on add. Now we're going to get an error saying that the execution role does not have the permissions to call ReceiveMessage on SQS. So yes, because our lambda function is reading from the SQS queue and there is a IAM role attached to the lambda function, then we need to make sure that it is properly configured and has the permission to read it from SQS. So fairly easy. Let's go back to our lambda SQS function. We're going to configuration, permissions and here is the role name. So we're going to click on this role, which is going to take us into the IAM console and I can attach a policy to my role and I will just type Lambda SQS and there should be a role for that. So let's just type SQS then and we have an AWS Lambda SQS queue execution role. And this role is enough for it to read it from the SQS queue. So attached to this policy, this Lambda SQS queue execution role and if I go back into my Lambda trigger and add again, this time it works because we have the permission. So as we can see now, SQS of the Lambda function is linked to my SQS queue. Okay so now in terms of what the code of my Lambda function will be doing, it's going to learn the function and we're just going to print the events yet again to get some information. And instead of returning this, let's just return success. Okay, let's deploy our changes. Perfect. This is good. And now let's test our Lambda function by simply going into SQS and sending a message. So in my SQS queue I'm going to send a message. The message body is going to be hello world and then we can add some message attributes for example, the foo is going to be of value bar. Just to try it out. Then we're going to send it this message so now the message is sent and is ready to be received. And so, because my Lambda function is continuously pulling from SQS, then it should process this message. And how do we make sure? Well we are logging the events right here by going into the console logs. So if we go into monitoring and again we open the logs in CloudWatch, now we see one log stream so this is perfect let's click on it and we do have a request in here indeed. So we have a look at everything. and as we can see, the body is hello world as well as the message attributes contains foo bar in terms of attributes. We get some information around when it was sent, the event source being SQS and so on. So that means that the invocation was working. And also, well, if we go back to SQS into our queue and go into send and receive messages, as we can see there are zero messages available in our queue, well that's because the messages has been processed by our lambda function. So finally you need to make sure to disable this event mapper. So as we can see right now, it should be in the enabled state, but you need to disable it because if you don't disable it, then lambda is gonna be continuously pulling from your SQS queue, which can incur some costs in the long run or count against your frequent out for SQS pulse. So let's just disabled SQS queue, but let's go ahead and add another trigger. I just wanna show you the Kinesis trigger because it is another event mapper and I want to show you the different options that are available when you use Kinesis to get lambda. So Kinesis stream, you need to choose obviously Kinesis stream to listen for updates on. Then consumer, so this is if you have a enhance final consumer then you can create a consumer application and enable the enhance on that consumer mode right here. But right now we have no so we'll be falling back to the standard way of consuming from Kinesis. Batch size, which is how many records should read at once so 100. Batch window again, if we want to have a bit of wait time to create a bigger batch before invoking our lender function. Starting position so do we want to read the latest data? Do we want to get the earliest data? Or do we want to get a specific timestamp to read from for our lambda function? And then you can see some additional settings such as on-failure destination to discard some data in case it cannot be read. How many retries, the maximum age of record, if you wanna split batch on error, how many concurrent batches per shard? So if you want to process the same shard concurrently and if you do so then you have more record processors, but Lambda will be ensuring the fact that there are still read in order at the partition key level. Tumbling window duration in case you want to do an aggregation and report batch item failures. So lots of options for Kinesis, you don't need to know them all for the exam, just need to know that Kinesis is an event source member for your lambda function and if you want to have more details into all these options, then the documentation is going to be your best friend. And then enable trigger if you're good, but let's just cancel this cause we just wanted to see the options. So that's it for this lecture. We've seen how event mappers work and we've seen how to add the missing item permissions for lambda functions to be able to read from our event mapper. So that's it, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.