So for this hands-on, let's go into the lambda-config-demo and we're going to have a look at the different options that impact our Lambda function. So if we go into the configuration, our Lambda function, the first thing we see is that under general configuration we can edit the basic settings. So we've seen them before, but now let's have a look again, so the memory can be anywhere between one and 28 gigabytes to 10,240 megabytes in total, and so the more memory we add, the more CPU we're going to have. So as you can see here, we can have as much memory as we want, okay. And the CPU is proportionally located to the memory. And the idea is that if you have maybe 10,200, so the maximum amount of memory, then you're going to pay a lot more for your Lambda function then if you had the minimum. So the idea for you is to really monitor the Lambda function memory usage, and make sure you set your memory accordingly so that you have enough memory to perform what you need but not too much so that you don't get over billed. And the very popular exam question is that if you need a faster CPU or more CPU cores for your Lambda function, the setting to do it is by modifying the memory. There is no way to change the CPU independently from the memory in your Lambda function today. Okay, in terms of timeout, this is how long your Lambda function will run before throwing an error and run out. It's set to three seconds and we're going to have a play with it in a second, so let's leave the timeout to three seconds and let's have a Lambda function do some work. So let's keep this in the function, and I'm going to import the time library at the very top, and then we're going to time.sleep2 and this is to simulate some work. So by sleeping the Lambda function for two seconds, we are saying that the Lambda function does some work and after two seconds it's going to return the results. So let's deploy this and test this. As we can see, after two seconds we get the response prod, so the duration was 2000 milliseconds, approximately. But what happens if we make the Lambda function sleep five seconds? So now the Lambda function is doing a lot of work, maybe more than what we expected from before. So let's deploy the changes and click on test. Now what's going to happen is that the Lambda function will fail. Why? Because it will timeout. So we got an error message here saying, Hey the tasks timed out after three seconds and this is because, well under the configuration tabs, our Lambda function right here, we did decide for the timeout to be three seconds. But now if we change the timeout to be six seconds, okay, because we know that our Lambda function is doing more work than expected and then we test our Lambda function again. Well, this time the execution results should be successful after five seconds because we don't hit the timeout, and then yes, we get the response properly and the duration is 5,000 milliseconds. So we really see the impact of timeout on the function itself. And so something you may ask me is, "Hey, Stefan, why don't we just always set the timeout to be something very large, like the 15 minutes or 10 minutes?" Well, if you do so and imagine your Lambda function gets stuck and you know that on average Lambda function takes no more than 10 seconds to execute, then you may not go fast enough into an error case and therefore, maybe you retry something or get your function unstuck. So it's up to you to set a timeout to something that you think is reasonable for a function because you want it to fail when something within your function goes wrong and analyze that error case, instead of just waiting 15 minutes for your function to timeout and maybe get an error, so it's up to you. It depends on use case and what your function does but set the timeout accordingly. Last thing to optimize your Lambda function performance is around where you set the initialization of your function. So if you're connecting to a DB, connect to DB function. You want it to have outside of your function handler. Well, let's say for example that you put it inside, okay, and that your function connect to DB right now does time.sleep3 Okay, so connecting to the DB takes about three seconds. If we have this function right here where we connect to the database within the Lambda handler, that means that every time we invoke our function this function connects to DB is going to be run it's going to take three seconds because it takes a long time to connect your database and then is going to return the results you have. So if we test it, this is going to take 3 seconds. So we wait,, one, two, and three. Okay, great. We want to run it again. So one, two, and three. So as you can see, every time we run our function, it lasts three seconds because we are connecting to database every single time, okay? But the optimization that we saw and something the exam will ask you is that instead of doing the connection to the database within the Lambda handler, you do it outside of it. So let's deploy this and see the difference. So now we connect to the database before doing the Lambda handler. So we'll test it, one, two, three, this takes a lot of time and this is not working because we need to.... Yes, so if you go to the results it says that connect to DB is not defined so I need to define my function connect to DB before invoking it. That makes a lot of sense. So let's just move this function definition up. So we're going to deploy the changes, test again. So one, two, three and this is how long it takes for my function to initialize. So as we can see here, the duration of the function was one millisecond but the INET duration was 3000 millisecond, so this is the time it took for my function to run the very, very first time. But now if I test my function again, it takes less than one millisecond because this part of the code is not run again. So we can test, test, test, and now my function is much quicker because we've done the database initialization again outside of the function handler. So hopefully this is a good demo. Imagine that instead of here, instead of sleeping, you actually connect to the database and you get a database object out of it that you can use within your Lambda handler. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.