Okay, so now let's talk about Lambda Layers. They're a newer feature of Lambda, and they allow us to do two things. Number one is to create custom run times for Lambda. So that means languages that are not meant for Lambda initially, but that the community has decided to support through Lambda Layers. So we have C++, and we have Rust, for example. So these are two examples that allow you to use a C++ language or the Rust language onto Lambda functions. The other more common use case for Lambda Layers is to externalize dependencies in order to reuse them. So, if we look at a zipped application package, it could be pretty big, we have a Lambda function and there'd be some heavy libraries, heavy dependencies. And so that's maybe 30 megabytes. And we saw that to update another function, we need to re-upload that zip over and over and over again. So that would mean that every time we repack your application and re-upload everything, but sometimes the dependencies we're using are not changing or are changing very, very, very slowly. And so it would be better to externalize them into what's called a layer. So the goal is to have your application package which is what you could change very, very often your code externalize. So this has maybe 20 kilobytes, so very, very small. And then you have created layers for your heavy libraries. So you've created a first and then the layer of 10 megabyte the second limited layer of 30 megabytes and these layers together can be referencing your function and sorry your functioning can be referencing your layers, obviously, and therefore we have a much faster way to deploy our functions and we don't need to repackage every time our dependencies and because our layers are externalized, another function another application package could create another function maybe 60 kilobytes and reference these, same layers. So this the whole purpose we are packaging our application dependencies and layers and we can reuse them across Lynda functions. Now let's go in the hands-on to see how that works.