So in this lecture we're going to create a CloudFormation template upload it that will create a Lambda function for us. So let's open the lambda-CloudFormation and then the lambda-xray.yaml And let's have a look at this CloudFormation template. So first of all, we see that there are three parameters available to us. The S3 Bucket parameter, The S3 Key parameter and the S3 object version parameter. And these will be helpful to tell CloudFormation where to get the function zip from in Amazon S3. Next we create resources. And the first resource we create is a Lambda execution role. So it's an IAM role. There is a policy document which allows Lambda functions to assume this IAM role as well as the policy itself. And the policy contains multiple statements. The first one is actions on CloudWatch logs The second one is action on x-ray to be able to send traces to x-ray and the last one and finally some allow operations on S3, Get star, List star to be able to read it from Amazon S3. Next to function itself, Lambda with x-ray. So it's a function in which we have to specify the handlers so Index.handler the role which is the Lambda execution role Arn that we get and retrieve thanks to this interesting function get attributes that will be get gotten from this Lambda role right here and the code itself which is having three inputs the S3 buckets the S3 key in the S3 object version. And all of these are references to the parameters we have specified at the beginning of the templates. Okay So we're good to go with this The runtime is Nodejs14.X, the timer is 10 seconds. And then we enable x-ray by having tracing config mode active. So as we can see, the entire configuration of our Lambda function can be done through CloudFormation which is really awesome. So next we need to just set up things to run these CloudFormation templates. So the first thing is that we can go into Amazon is free and I need to create a new bucket. So let's create a bucket and I'll call this one S3 CloudFormation Lambda demos Stephane and in the same region, as I am with my Lambda functions and I will enable buckets versioning so that we have a bucket So we have an object version necessary for uploading this file through confirmation. So, okay. So we're good to go. We create this bucket. It has versioning enabled and I need to just go in it. So let's open this CloudFormation buckets right here and I need to upload my function.zip. So if you're going to go to CloudShell or wherever you were having this, let's go into the Lambda folder and have created a function.zip file. So let's just get the full path to it and I'm going to download it. So I copy this, I do actions, download file and I copy the entire path to my function.zip within my CloudShell environment. So I download this file And the file has been downloaded So now we can reuse this function.zip and I can just directly upload it into my S3 buckets. So it's going to be uploaded upload and we're good to go. So now we are able to reference this function, zip directly from our CloudFormation templates. So very good, now lets go to Cloudformation. So that's open the CloudFormation Console. And create a stack. The template is ready and I will upload the templates and I will choose the templates from before. So let's take the code, go into the lambda section Lambda CloudFormation and Lambda x-ray.yaml. Okay. So next I click on next. This Stack name is demo LambdaCF. And now we need to specify three parameters the buckets parameter the S3 key parameter and the object version. So the bucket name is right here. So let me copy this and paste it. The key is the name of the zip file So function.zip and the object version I can get by just clicking on the object. And because we have enabled versioning before on the buckets the object version should be somewhere around here versions in here, and here is the object version of I'll just copy like this and then paste it here. Okay So everything looks good here. And then I'm going to click on next and I will scroll down click on next and then acknowledge the fact that CloudFormation will create an IAM role for us which is necessary for our Lambda function and then create stack. So my stack creation is in progress and I'm going to wait for it to be done. Okay So my CloudFormation stack is now completed. So my Lambda function was created. So if you go back into Lambda, refresh this I have now nine functions and this one was created by CloudFormation. So really cool though. As soon as we opened this function we get an information message. This function belongs to an application because there was an integration between CloudFormation and Lambda that was detected by the Lambda console. So it knows that it is managed by a CloudFormation template. And so, as we can see the function zip was uploaded correctly and then you could test their function as with a simple events, click on create and then test. And obviously the function would succeed because it has the necessary permissions and returns a list of the buckets. And if you took your time and went into the x-ray console you should see the extra traces as well. Appearing. Thanks to the integration we have with x-ray. As we can see, if we go to configuration we can see that active tracing is enabled for Ireland function. So that's it. You can just leave things as is or if you wanted to clean up, you could take this stack and then delete it to clean up the Lambda role as well as the Lambda function within your accounts. But that's it for this lecture. We've seen a lot of different moving parts in here, but really cool. I will see you in the next lecture.