So let's talk about the concepts of Lambda Version and Aliases. So far when we've been working on the Lambda functions, we used this &amp;LATEST version. So this version was immutable because we were able to edit our code and so on. But one thing we haven't done is that when we're happy with our code states, we can publish the Lambda function and create a new version. So as soon as we hit publish, it will become V1 and V1 is immutable. What does immutable mean? That means that you cannot change the code or the environment variables, or anything else afterwards. So it is fixed as a version. And so as you keep on publishing, the versions will have an increasing version numbers. So you go from V1 to V2, et cetera. Each version is independence and will get its own ARN, so Amazon Resource Name. And so if we do know whatever it is now, it is your code and your configuration. Nothing can be changed. It's immutable. So each Lambda function version, can be accessed as well as your latest. So this is great to iterate and mark your advance until it releases you Lambda function. But what if he wants to give your end user a standard endpoint? So for this, we can use Lambda Aliases. Aliases are going to be pointers, that points to your Lambda function versions. And we can define a DEV test and PROD Aliases. For example and have them point to different Lambda versions. Aliases this time are mutable and this is why we want to use them. And so we have the latest, which is a version in Alias, This is fine. Then with V1 and V2. And so we're going to create a DEV Alias. That's going to be mutable pointing to the latest version of Lambda function. This way we can edit code and quickly see how it's going on. In our users will interact with a DEV Alias which will in turn call the latest version of our function. But we can create a TEST Alias to test the V2 version of our function. Again, that's mutable. And we can create a PROD Alias two test and not two test actually two points to the V1 function that we know is stable and working. So why do we do Aliases Well they enable canary deployments Because we can assign weights to the Lambda function versions we point to. So for PROD for example, say we want to switch from the V1 function all the way to the V2 function. Instead of switching the pointer, we can say 95% of the traffic is going to go to V1. And only 5% of the traffic is going to go to V2. And the purpose of this is that now we're testing V2 in PROD, making sure it works before we switch the full power onto V2 and 100% of the traffic there. So Aliases, enable stable configuration for our triggers or user destinations. They can be invoked stably, but they can point in the backend to whatever Lambda version we want. So these Aliases will get their own ARNs. And the great thing to note, Aliases cannot reference other Aliases. They can only reference version and it's something the exam may try to trick you on. Okay. So let's go into the hands-on to see how they work.