Hi, welcome to this section, hybrid network in AWS. Now, hybrid networking is one of the most important topic for your exam. And when we talk about the hybrid network in AWS, typically there are multiple AWS services which comes into the play. But the most important AWS services are AWS Site-to-Site VPN and AWS Direct Connect. So please make sure that you go through these topics in very deep and you understand all the concepts, you understand various architecture that we are going to discuss. And if required, you can also try to implement the exercises that we are going to cover in this section. Okay, if you see this diagram, we have been talking about this from the beginning. And so far, we talked mostly about the VPC and then how to connect to other AWS services within AWS region through the VPC endpoints and through VPC pairing connection and transit gateways. But now, let's focus on the hybrid side of the network, which means what if you want to connect your on-premise data center to AWS network? And when we say AWS network, it means primarily AWS VPC or it could also mean connecting privately to other AWS services like S3 and/or any public IPs. And we will talk more about that later. So to begin with the most simple option for this is to have the AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection. And for that you can have virtual private gateway attached to the VPC, and then you can establish this IPSec Site-to-Site VPN. Now, site-to-site connection typically flows over the internet, but it is secure with IPSec protocol. And we are going to talk in detail about this. So that's the first option. And once you do that, then resources in both the networks can access each other using their private IPs. Now they don't need to access them over the public IPs. So that's a site-to-site VPN. Now, second option is client-to-site VPN. Now this is similar, but here we are not talking about connecting to networks, but rather if there is a client, which means if you are working from home and you want to access your company network, then you can connect to AWS client-to-site VPN, and then you can use your VPC resources privately. So for that, you have to connect from your machine to the client VPN endpoint, and then you get access to the AWS network. So that's a client VPN. Now, in both the cases, whether it's a client VPN or site-to-site VPN, the traffic goes over the internet. And you know that though it's a secure communication, it is not reliable in the sense that you may face some problem with the bandwidth or there could be jitter or there could be additional latency, right? And most of the enterprises would need a consistent network between the data center and the AWS. And for that, you have to use then AWS Direct Connect because with Direct Connect, you actually put a physical fiber connection from your data center to AWS. And again, we are going to have a lot of lectures covering Direct Connect in detail. Okay, so I hope that sets the ground. Okay, so before we get into this topics, I think it's very important that you understand the basics of the routing and what I mean. So for understanding the Direct Connect in particular, you need to understand how typically the static and dynamic routing works. And then you should also understand how the border gateway protocol works, and then how the border gateway attributes impact the routing decision which BGP makes. So in this section here, I have provided the lectures, which covers these basic concepts. And then we will actually get to the core topics, which are around VPN and the Direct Connect. So if you're already familiar with this concepts, then feel free to skip this lectures and directly go to the VPN section. But if not, then let's get started here. Thank you and see you in the next lecture.