Hello and welcome to this lecture. Now in this lecture, let's understand how the routing happens for the VPN connection. Specifically, there is something called static routing and the dynamic routing, and let's understand what that means. So before we talk about the routing, let's understand something called Autonomous Systems or AS. So as you know, VPN connects different networks. Now these networks would have some unique identifier. Now that identifier it is called Autonomous Systems or AS. And the unique identifier is an ID. So that ID is called ASN Autonomous System Number. Now this ASN can be public or private, and if it's a public ASN, then it is assigned by IANA that is Internet Assigned Number Authority, which is a standard organization that typically oversees the public IP allocation, then autonomous system number allocation. And in case of DNS, it also manage manages the root domain management. So this IANA would assign a public AS into your router, and then your router can exchange route information across the internet. However, if these two networks wants to communicate with each other, as an example, network A and network B then it could also be a private ASN. And then you can exchange information, Routing information with other network over a protocol like BGP Border Gateway Protocol. And in that case, you can also use your private ASN. So here you can say that the public ASN ranges from zero to 65525. And private ASN number ranges 64512 to 65534. So when you work in AWS, there is also a default ASN, private ASN, which is assigned and which you can use to connect to other networks. So in short AS is an autonomous system and every router which can exchange the route with other network, you will use this ASN number. Now let's talk about the routing. So, as I said, there are two types of the routing. Static routing and Dynamic routing. Now let's understand what that means. So here we are talking really about the, how the route information is shared across two networks. And in that sense, we are talking about the static routing and dynamic routing. So let's take an example. Suppose there is a network A with CIDR 10.10.0.0/16 and network B with CIDR 10.20.0.0/16. Now these are two different networks and in order for the packet to route from network A to network B, of course, there should be a route table for router A which has an entry for target destination as a network B, and the target should be router B. Now when this configuration is done, your packets can flow from network A to network B. Now similarly at network B, you should also have the route table, but this time the local route would be itself. And the, for router A, there would be a destination 10.10.0.0/16. So that resources from router B or network B can communicate with resource in network A. So this is given and you understand this. Now what happens, suppose there is a new new network that comes in and suppose you connect router B here with router C, or you connect these two network like this. Now in this case, of course, in router B, you need to modify the route table. And then you will add a route saying like, if the traffic is going to 10.30.0.0 which is network C, then it has to go through router C. Now this is okay, but at this moment, what about a network A Or I say route table of router A? Can packet flow from network A to network C?. Now we know that there is a route, if you go through the router B, router B know how to send the traffic to network C, but A does not know that. So if you send the packet with the destination IP address at 10.30.15.16, just an example. It will come here and it will see there is no route for that destination IP address range. So it would just drop that. So that's the problem with the static routing. These routes needs to be manually added to your route table, right? So unless you make this entry here again, the traffic is not going to flow from network A to network C. So in static routing, you have to manage these routes. You have to modify your route tables and add a new routes as the new networks are discovered, or your network or your peer network is connected to for the network or it expands its own IP address range. So that in short is a static routing. And as you might have understood, that's a problem. And in order to solve that problem, there is something called Dynamic routing. Now in dynamic routing what happens, as your network B router learns the new route about network C, it would dynamically propagate that route to your router A route table. So this route will be updated in network A automatically as there is a new network discovered on the other side. And this routing information is shared over a protocol, something like a border gateway protocol. And there are other protocols as well, but we will learn about how route information is propagated to the other networks using protocols like border gateway protocol. So that's a Dynamic routing in short and in the next lecture, we'll understand more about BGP. And then we'll see how this dynamic routing happens in AWS. So thanks for watching.