Okay, so now let's talk about read and write capacity modes for DynamoDB. So this is how you control your table's capacity. So you have to specify in advance the read and write throughput. So you have two modes actually. The first one is called provisioned mode, in which we specify the read and writes per second, so also called read capacity unit and write capacity unit. So you need to plan your capacity beforehand. You're going to pay for whatever is going to be provisioned. So if you say I want 10 read capacity units and five write capacity units, you're going to pay for that every hour. And you have the option to do auto-scaling as we'll see very soon. There is the second mode called the on-demand mode. And this one will automatically have the reads and the writes scale up and down based on your workloads. And there's no capacity planning needed. So you don't need to provision capacity units. They will just be there. And you're going to pay exactly for what you use. But it's going to be a lot more expensive than provisioned mode. So the idea is that you have different use cases, and we'll see them in this lecture in details. So you can switch between the two modes, provisioned and on-demand, once every 24 hours. So we're going to do a deep dive on both of them. So do not worry right now. It's just an introduction. But now let's do a long deep dive on provisioned read capacity mode. So you must provision read and write capacity units, also called RCU, which is the throughput for reads, and WCU, which is the throughput for writes. Now, you have the option to set up auto-scaling of throughput to meet demand. So don't you think too hard about your RCU and your WCU value. You just say what's your target capacity usage, and DynamoDB will scale those for you. Now, in case you go over the RCU and over the WCU because you are consuming more or writing more than what you provisioned, it's completely fine because you can tap into, temporarily, what's called a burst capacity. But if you exhaust the burst capacity because it's been fully consumed, then you're going to get an exception called the ProvisionedThroughputExceededException, which is very obvious about what it is. Then in case you get these things, you need to obviously retry. And the strategy to retry your write or your read is called the exponential backoff retry strategy. Now let's look at WCU in detail. So the exam will ask you to perform some computations, and so therefore, you need to understand the formulas to compute WCU and RCU. So one write capacity unit, WCU, will represent one write per second for an item of up to 1 kilobyte in size. And if your item is obviously larger than 1 kilobyte, then you're going to consume more WCUs. So let's go through examples to understand the computation. And you can pause this video if you wanted to do the computation on your own. So if you write 10 items per second, and the item size is on average 2 kilobytes, how many WCUs do you need? Well, we do the math. We need 10 W, 10 items per second, so 10 times, and then the item size is 2 kilobytes, which we divide by 1 kilobyte, which is the number of WCU you need for 1 kilobyte. And you get a result of 20 WCUs. So this was a very easy example. Now, in Example 2, we write 6 items per second, and this time the item size is 4.5 kilobytes. So it's a little bit trickier, this one. So we need 6 times 5 divide 1, which is 30 RCU. Why? Well, because the 4.5 kilobytes is always going to be rounded to the upper kilobyte by DynamoDB to get an idea of how many WCUs you've consumed. So remember you need to round to the upper kilobyte for WCUs. Now, if you write 120 items per minute, and the item size is 2 kilobytes, the trick here is that we have items per minute. So you need to do a small computation, which is 120 divided by 60 to get items per second. And then this gives us 4 WCUs. Okay, so write capacity units are very basic and honestly very easy to understand. The more complicated ones are going to be around read. So first we need to define two kind of read modes for DynamoDB, which is the strongly consistent read and the eventually consistent read. So if you consider DynamoDB, it's a serverless database, of course, but behind the scenes, there are servers. You just don't see them or manage them. So we have servers, and let's just consider three servers right now to make it very, very simple, but it's obviously a lot more. And your data is going to be distributed and replicated across all these servers. Now, if you consider your application, your application is going to do writes to one of these servers. And internally, DynamoDB is going to replicate these rights across different servers, such as Server 2 and Server 3. Now, when your application reads from DynamoDB, there is a chance that you're going to read not from Server 1 but from Server 2. Now, two things can happen, right? If we are in eventually consistent read, which is the default mode, then if we do a read just after a write, it's possible that we'll get stale data because the replication has not happened yet if we're very, very quick. But after, say, 100 milliseconds, you're good to go, obviously. But if you do a strongly consistent read, you're saying, hey, I want to read the data just after the write. And you're going to get, for sure, the correct data that was just written. For this, we need to set a parameter called ConsistentRead in our API to True. And it could be applied to GetItem, BatchGetItem, Query, and Scan. And why we wouldn't we do this all the time? Why wouldn't we want to have strongly consistent reads all the time? Well, it's going to consume twice the RCU. So it's going to be a more expensive query and also may have a slightly higher latency. So you need to ask yourself, do I need eventually consistent reads, or do I need strongly consistent reads? Now let's talk about RCU regarding these two things. One, read capacity unit, RCU, represents one strongly consistent read per second, or two eventually consistent reads per second for an item of up to 4 kilobytes in size, which makes the computations a little bit trickier. And if your items are larger than 4 kilobytes, more RCUs are going to be consumed and again is going to be rounded up to the nearest upper 4 kilobytes. So let's go through examples again, and feel free to pause the video. So if you have 10 strongly consistent reads per second, and the item size is 4 kilobytes, how many RCUs do you need? We'll need 10 times 4 kilobytes divided by 4, which is goal to 10 RCUs, okay? Now, if you have 16 eventually consistent reads per second, and the item size is 12 kilobytes, so this is a bit more complicated, this one, we're going to get 16 divided by 2 times 12 divided by 4, which is 24 RCUs. So in this example, obviously, we need to divide 16 by 2 because we don't need, because we have two eventually consistent reads per second in one RCU, and then we divide 12 by 4, which gives us 24 RCUs. And last example, which is 10 strongly consistent reads per second with an item size of 6 kilobytes, okay, so this one is a little bit trickier, so what is it? Well, it's 10 times 8 divided by 4. And why 8? Well. we round up 6 kilobytes to the nearest 4 kilobytes, so it's going to be 8 kilobytes, and you have to always go up, okay? And in this case, we get 10 times 8 divided by 4, which is 2, so 20 RCUs. So now that we know about WCUs and RCUs, let's talk about how DynamoDB works in the backend with partitions. So DynamoDB is made of tables, and each table has partitions. And partitions are just copies of your data that live on specific servers. Now, when your application does writes into DynamoDB, what's going to happen is that your application will send a partition key, a sort key maybe, and some attributes. And all this data is going to go through a hashing algorithm. So only the partition key actually is going to go through a hashing algorithm to understand which partition to go to. So if we take the partition key of ID_13, it's going to go through this internal hash function of DynamoDB. And it's going to say, hey, anytime I see ID_13, this is going to go into Partition 1. And if you have ID_45 in the second row, then ID_45 is going to go through the hash function, and the hash function will say, hey, this ID_45 should go to Partition 2. And this is how your data gets distributed. So obviously, if you have what's called a hot partition, the data is always going to be a hot key. The data is always going to be into the same partition. So to compute the number of partitions, there are some intense formulas that you do not need to know for the exam. So let's go over them very quickly. But you compute the number of partitions by dividing the RCUs by 3,000 and WCU by 1,000 and adding those up. You can also have a look at how much data you have, so total size of your data set divided by 10 gigabytes. And then the number of partition is going to be the max of these two things. Now, you don't need to know this formula, so do not worry about it at all, okay? But what you need to understand, though, is that if you have 10 partitions, and you provide, you new provision 10 WCUs and 10 RCUs, then they're going to be spread evenly across partitions. That means that each partition is going to get one WCU and one RCU. And this is the point I want you to remember, okay? WCUs and RCUs are going to be divided and spread evenly across partitions, which brings us to throttling. So in case you exceed the RCUs or WCUs, and this is at the partition level, then you're going to get a ProvisionedThroughputExceededException. So maybe because you have a hot key, so one partition key is being read too many times from a specific partition, which is because maybe you have a popular item, or hot partitions or very large items, because obviously, when WCU and RCU is computed, it depends on the item size. And so if you read or write a very large item, you're going to consume a lot of RCU or WCUs. Now, solutions for attacking this ProvisionedThroughputExceededException, is, number one, to do exponential backoff when the exception is encountered, which is, if you're using the SDK, something that's already included. You have to distribute the partition keys as much as possible, which was the exercise we did in the first lecture to understand how we can choose a really good partition key. And if this is an RCU issue, because you're reading one data point and one partition very, very heavily, then we'll have a look at the feature called DynamoDB Accelerator, or DAX. Now, the last mode we need to understand, and this is a much easier mode to understand, is the on-demand read/write capacity mode, which is going to automatically accept any reads and writes, and is going to scale up and down based on your workload. So there's no capacity planning needed. You do not specify the RCU or the WCU. It's unlimited. There's no throttling. But obviously, this is more expensive. And you're going to charge for the actual reads and writes. This one is called read request units, so RRUs, and write request units, which is WRUs. The computations are the same, but the idea is that, because we have every request that succeeds, it's not a capacity we talk about. It's just on the request. Now to give you some overview, on-demand is about 2.5x more expensive than provisioned capacity. So make sure that you have it only for specific kind of use cases, for example, unknown workloads or when it's unpredictable application traffic. So that's it for capacity modes in DynamoDB. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.