So let's have a look at how we can define the RCU and WCU of our tables. So if we take our User's table, for example, and you go on the right hand side and you do Additional settings, you have the Read/Write capacity and you can edit it. So this is what we had defined at table creation time. But the cool thing about DynamoDB is that we can switch between the capacity modes if we needed to and then we can also change them over time. So let's take the most simple capacity mode right now, which is On-demand. And this is simplified billing for paying for the actual reads and writes of your application. But this is twice or three times as more as expensive as provisioned. And so obviously this is when you have a very unusual, unpredictable type of workload, or maybe this is like in your development environments, and let's consider that you're not using the table at all for like 24 hours a day, but maybe one day for one hour, you'll be using the table a lot. And so therefore this is a great capacity mode because it actually builds you for what you've been using, which is quite amazing. Now there's Provisioned capacity mode, and this is the one we spent most of the time on to understand and to compute the Reads and Writes. And so let's go into the capacity calculator. So as we can see here, you can specify the average item size, for example, six kilobytes, how many reads per second you want, so maybe three reads per second and two writes per second. The type of reads you want to have so eventually consistent and strongly consistent, there is transactional, but I will define this a bit later on. I didn't want to overwhelm you right now. So eventually or strongly consistent, and then for the write consistency same standard or transactional, but again, traditional, we'll see it a little bit later. And as we can see, based on what I choose, it gives me the RCU and the WCU as well as the estimated cost I will have for my table. So this is quite a handy calculator, and I would suggest that you practice a little bit with these settings and you try to guess correctly what's the RCU and WCU for this table, because this is something that the exam will ask you. Cool. Now, let's take a look at the table capacity. So we can obviously have Off Auto scaling and Off Auto scaling for read and write and so therefore you need to Provision capacity units and they won't change over time unless you manually change them. But you can also set up Auto scaling. And Auto scaling is really cool because we're just saying what's my min and my maximum limit to consider? And what's my target utilization as a percentage? And DynamoDB will try, for example, if we have a maximum capacity of 100, it will set it to 100 the WCU if you're actually consuming on average 70 WCUs and so on. But if you're consuming, say seven WCUs, then automatically the Auto scaling will kick in and the desired capacity units will be 10 for that table. So Auto scaling is nice because you don't have to think too hard about setting the WCU and RCU. You just need you to think about what's my min, what's my max, and what's my target utilization and your application and then DynamoDB will do the rest, which is nice to have a better pricing and a better scaling. Okay, so this is applying to both Auto scaling for Reads and for Writes. So this is good. And then you would get the estimated cost and so on. So if I set it to Auto scaling max three and min one, and then again, max three and min one, and click on save changes. Now, what I'm going to do is just to wait a little bit of time for Auto scaling to kick in and to see the auto scaling activities. And as we can see, the Provisioned was two and two for WCUs and RCUs. But we had 1, 2, 3 in terms of range for Auto scaling and I refresh Auto scaling activities. And as we can see for this table, the Setting Read capacity and was set to one and Write capacity was set to one because I'm not using a table. And so auto is getting kicked in and it worked. And so therefore, if I refresh this page and remove this here, as we can see now, the RCU and WCUs are one and one. So I'll just going, it's quite cool. It works just like EC2, but for DynamoDB. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.