In the exam you will see the IPI calls of the DynamoDB referred by their name. So it's good for us to see them once. So if you want to write data, you have a few options. You have PutItem, and when you do a PutItem, it creates or fully replaces a new item that has the same Primary Key. It will consume write capacity units. And so the idea is that you wanna do a full replace or writing a new item. The second one is UpdateItem, which is a bit different than PutItem. This one will edit the existing items, attributes, or we'll add a new item if it does not exist. But the idea is that with UpdateItem, we only edit a few attributes, not every other attribute. So this is the difference between PutItem and UpdateItem. And we can use it with Atomic Counters that we'll see in this section as well. And then you have Conditional Writes, which is to accept a write/update/ delete only if a condition is met. And this is helping with concurrent access to items. And we'll see this as well in this section. To read data, we have a GetItem. And GetItem is very simple and easy to understand. You read based on the Primary Key and the Primary Key again, can be a HASH or a HASH+Range, so you have the two options. And you get two modes to read from. So you have the Eventually Consistent Read Mode or to have Strongly Consistent Read Modes, but you need to specify it. It will take more RCU and then maybe a little bit more latency. You can also specify a Projected Expression in your API. And this Projection Expression is going to help you receive only a few attributes out of the DynamoDB. Next we have the query. And the query is to return items based on a Key Condition Expression, which is a Partition Key, so it must be the equal operator. So you're saying, Hey, I want to query for John 123, and also optionally a Sort Key, and because you can sort, then you can have equal, less than, over than, begins, between and so on. Then you can specify a FilterExpression. And this is to add additional filtering after the query operation has been done, but before the data is returned to you. And this is to use with non-key attributes. So, you cannot use a FilterExpression with HASH or RANGE attributes. And what the query returns is going to be a list of items, obviously. And you have a limit of how many items you retrieve based on the limit query parameter. And either you're going to reach that limit of never items or you're going to get up to one Megabyte of data. But if you want to get, obviously, more data of your time, you can do pagination on the results, and ask for more and more and more. Now you can query a table, or a Local Secondary Index or a Global Secondary Indexes, and we'll see those in the next lectures as well. And finally, you have a Scan, so GetItem was for one item, then the query was for a specific Partition Key and a Sort Key. And Scan items is to read an entire table. And then if you wanted to, you could filter it, the data, but this is only done on the client side, so this is very inefficient. So Scan is to really export the entire table. And each Scan will return up to one megabyte of data, and if you want to keep on reading then you need to use pagination techniques. So that means page one, page two, page three, and so on. It will consume a lot of RCU because you are reading your entire table. And so therefore, if you want to not impact your normal operations you need to impact the Scan using a limit statement or to reduce the size of the result, and then pause a little bit. And if you wanted to, instead, consume a lot of RCUs and do a scan as fast as possible, then for faster performance, you would use a Parallel Scan. In this case, multiple workers that you define will scan multiple data segments at the same time, which will increase the throughput and RCU consumed. And, if you wanted to still have a Parallel Scan and limit its impact, you could use limit queries, limit conditions, and so on. And then scans can be used with ProjectionExpression and FilterExpression. So ProjectionExpression to only retrieve certain attributes, and FilterExpression to change stuff server side. Now if you need to delete data out of DynamoDB, you have the DeleteItem, which is used to delete an individual item. And then, you can also do a conditional delete, so delete this item only if money equals zero. And if you need to delete everything in your table, you have DeleteTable. So this is to delete a whole table and its item. And it's much quicker than doing a scan and then deleting each every single item on the table. Okay, DeleteTable, which will just drop everything. And this is something that can come up in the exam. If you wanted to just delete everything, do not do a scan, just use the DeleteTable API. Now for efficiency purposes, you can actually batch operations in DynamoDB. So, you save in latency and you get an efficiency by reducing the number of API calls you do to the database. And all the operations as part of a batch, are going to be applied in parallel by DynamoDB for better efficiency. So, because you have a batch of operations though, part of the batch can fail. In that case you will receive the failed items back, and you can retry only these failed items. So in the right mechanism you have BatchWriteItem, and this allows you to perform up to 25 PutItem and/or DeleteItem in one call. You have up to 16 megabytes of data written and still have the same limit of 400 kilobytes of data per item. And you cannot update item, you can only do PutItem or DeleteItem. Now, if you have items that were not able to be written for whatever reason, usually because of a lack of write capacity, then you will receive back something called UnprocessedItems, and then you can retry the items within the UnprocessedItems. So two options to process them correctly. Either you use an exponential backup strategy to keep on trying with longer and longer time until it succeeds, or if you consistently get these UnprocessedItems and scaling issues, then of course, you need to add write capacity units to allow your batch operations to complete efficiently. For batch GetItem, you will return items from one or more tables, and you can receive up to 100 items and up to 16 megabytes of data. And all these items are going to be retrieved in parallel to minimize latency. Again, if you are missing some items, it's because you may have some UnprocessedKeys because you have failed read operations because you don't have enough capacity. In which case, same idea, you use exponential backup to retry or you add read capacity units to increase your read capacity. Also, we have PartiQL. So we've seen that in DynamoDB we have specific API calls to do specific things, but sometimes all that you know, as a data engineer or whatever, as a developer, may be SQL. And so you can use SQL on DynamoDB by using PartiQL. So here you have a standard SQL query where you find the OrderID, and the Total from your Orders Table, and you have a filtering condition, and an ordering condition. And so, using PartiQL, you can do the exact same operations we saw before, which is to select, insert, update, and delete data in DynamoDB. But this time, instead of doing the DynamoDB specific APIs you can just use SQL. And you can run your queries across multiple DynamoDB tables, but you cannot do joins okay? You can just do the select, insert, update, and delete. Everything you can do with an API but then you use SQL for writing these calls. So you run PartiQL queries from the Management Console or from the NoSQL Workbench for DynamoDB, or from DynamoDB APIs, or from the CLI, or from the SDK. And the goal of it is really not to add new capabilities to DynamoDB because you have the same capabilities, but it's just to use SQL to write these API calls against DynamoDB. So hopefully that makes sense. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.