So I've mentioned this before, but let's do a little zoom in on the conditional rights of DynamoDB. So this is for the write operations. So we have PutItem, UpdateItem, DeleteItem, and BatchWriteItem. And the idea is that you can specify a Condition expression that's going to determine which items should be modified. Now you have several conditions possible. We'll have a look at many of these in examples. So we have attributes_exists or attributes_not_exists, attribute_type, so this is to check whether or not an attribute_exists doesn't exist and is of the correct type, contains and begins_with, this is for string comparison. And then we have the IN keyword to check different values. For example, for product category to be in two different categories. And Price we have between :low and :high. But we can also, for example, do price over or price less than specific values. And finally if we want to check for string length, we have the size attributes. Okay, so you have seen Filter Expressions and you've seen Condition Expressions. So Filter Expressions filter the results of a read query. So Filter Expressions are related to read queries, whereas Condition Expressions are only for rights operations and they tell DynamoDB which rights should succeed or not. So let's do an example, for example, an Update Item. So here we update an item on the table product catalog and we say that we want to set the price to be equal to the current price minus discounts only if the price is over to a specific limit. That's our condition expression. Now to fill in what is the discount and what is the limit? We pass in the file://values.json which has the discount to be a number of 150 and the limit to be a number of 500. So that means that if we have this item in our DynamoDB table with a key 4, 5, 6 if we apply this Update Item command is going to be transformed to be now having a price of 500. That's because indeed before the price was strictly over the limit of 500 because 650 is greater than 500. But if we apply yet again the same command now it's not going to succeed. The price will never go below 500 because, well, the condition expression would evaluate to being false. So as you can see, condition expressions vary whether or not the item has the value over 500 or not and they will determine whether or not the item will be updated. So if we have Delete Item if we can check for example, the attribute_not_exists. So this only succeeds if the attribute doesn't exist yet when there's no value. For example, we're saying hey, delete an item or delete many items if you have a batch right item we can do delete one item for our product catalog if the attribute price doesn't exist. That makes sense. If we have an item in our catalog but we don't have a price we may not be able to sell it. So we may want to clean up our table and delete it. Alternatively, you have attribute_exists. So it is the opposite of attributes not exist. And here we can check if something exists. For example, if we have ProductReviews.Onestar that exists that means that our product review our product actually has one star and so we can delete it altogether from our DynamoDB table but we don't have it then don't do anything. So you can start seeing the usefulness of it. So there's a good use case for attribute_not_exists and attribute_exists. So if we have attribute_not_exists and then we specify the partition key what's going to happen is that if the item is already in the database, then this condition will be evaluated false and then we don't overwrite the item. But if the item doesn't exist yet then we can write the item. So it's one way to make sure that we never overwrite existing data for this we do attribute_not_exists and then we specify the partition key. And in case we have the partition key and the sort key and we want to make sure to again never override something then you specify attributes_not_exists partition key and attributes_not_exists sort key and you're good to go. For other things, for example, to check on values, you can have a look at whether a product category is in different categories or if the price is between a low and a high price. And again, we can pass in this values.json file we're specifying category 1 and category 2 as well as the low of 500 and the high of 600. And so when we apply Delete Item in case the item does belong to this range then we're good to go. But as we can see, for example, even though the products category Sporting Good is compliant with our condition, which is the first part of our condition, the price is 650, which is not between 500 and 600. And so the whole condition is false and the item will not be deleted in this case. You can also have a look at String Comparisons. So you have begins_with and contains. So here for example, we're saying, hey I want to make sure to delete items if it begins with http.:// So we won't, don't want to keep any insecure images in our product catalog. So that's just some examples of course. But what I want to remember out of it is that Condition Expressions help you create conditions that will tell that DynamoDB whether or not to apply your right operations. Alright, let's see for this lecture I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.