So let's have a look at how we can create indexes. So back into my tables, I'm going to create a new table, and I'll call this one demo_indexes. And we need to choose a Partition key, so let's choose user_id. And a sort key, game_timestamp. So this is allowing us to query on user_id and game_timestamp. And for this I'm going to customize settings. I'm going to say I want Provisioned capacity of one RCU and one WCU grades. And here we can define our secondary indexes. So you can see, we can create either a local index or a global index. Now local indexes can only be created at table creation time, whereas global indexes can be created afterwards. So we can create a local index. And here we need to specify a different Sort key. So as you can see, we do not have the option to specify a different Partition key, so user_id will remain the Partition key for this index, but we can specify a different Sort key. So for example, let's say I want to create a local index and the Sort key's going to be called game_id. So now the Index name is game_id_index. And then what attributes do we want to project onto this index? Do we want All, Only the keys, or only Include specific attribute names that we specify. So we'll keep it simple and have it as All. So we just created this index and we could go ahead and create a global secondary index in which we have the option to specify a different Partition key and optionally a different Sort key, as well as project some attributes. So let's just for now not create this global secondary index. We're just going to create a local index, okay? And then click on Create table. Okay, so my table is now created and let's have a look at how we can query it right now. So if I go into Query, as we can see, I can query either a table or an index and have two options. I can query my demo_indexes, which is my table. So I can specify a user_id and a game_timestamp, or I could query my index and specify a user_id and a game_id. So as we can see this local index allows me to query by a different Partition key, a different Sort key, excuse me, with the same Partition key. So let's go back into the table details and let's go into the Indexes tab. So as you can see, there is one local secondary index that has been defined. So this one, and we cannot create another one. So LSIs have to be defined at the table creation time and not afterwards, or as GSIs, so global secondary indexes, can be created afterwards. So we could create an index and we could enter a completely different Partition key, for example, game_id, and a Sort key could be, for example, game_timestamp, okay? And this gives me a GSI. Now we need to also create some capacity for my GSS. So the local secondary indexes tap in the RCU and WSU of the main table, whereas for a global secretary index, you need to create your own read and write capacity. So either we copy from base table or we customize settings and we can, again, specify Auto scaling On and Off. So we'll just copy from base table and have a one and one for RCU and WCUs, and then what attributes we want to project. And then this global secondary index is going to be created. Now, remember, if you query a lot that GSI and writes get throttled, then the writes will be throttled as well on the main table. Whereas the LSI just taps into the RCU and WCU of the main table. Okay, so my global secondary index is now created. And what I can do now is that if I go back into view items, I can look at my table and now I can query by game_id-game_timestamp-index. And so, as you can see now, the Partition key can query by is by game_id. And my Sort key is my game-timestamp. So this really shows you all the powers of indexes. I hope this makes sense, and I will see you in the next lecture.