So let's quickly talk about PartiQL for DynamoDB, which allows you to use a SQL-like syntax to manipulate DynamoDB tables. So this is what the statements would look like. And then from this, you can insert, for example, or update or select or delete items from a DynamoDB table. So, it's to allow people who are more confident to use SQL to still be able to interact with DynamoDB. And it also supports Batch operations, if you need to. So let me show you how PartiQL works in the console. So I am in my tables, and the left hand side is the PartiQL editor. So let's open some of these tables, for example, let's open the user's table and I emptied it but I can, for example, add an item real quick, so I can have a user_id 123 as well as a new attribute, name, Stephan, and this is good. And for my other table, the user's post, I can again, add some items, so user_id 123 post_id 456 and create the item, as well as for the demo indexes, I can create an item user_id 123 game times stamp 2022, even if it's not really good. And then game_id 456. Okay. So I have created some items into all my tables, and now if you go to the PartiQL editor, we can look, for example, at the user's table and I can delete this. And I click on users and I do scan table and it has a select start from users which is a SQL statements. And if I run it, it says that the statement wasn't well formed. So now it is completed and you can see that the items result is defined and user_id 123 that we can also get in adjascent view, if you wanted to because this is what would be used in your code to deal with it. And we can download the results to a CSV. Next, for more complicated stuff, you can look at the demo indexes table, and we can scan this table again, so we'll have the look at all the items. But you can do more interesting stuff, for example, you can query the table, and when you query the table, it generates for you a statement and it says, solid start from demo indexes, where user_id equals, for example, 1,2,3, and then you can also have an end game time stamp equals Sort key value, but this is optional. And if you run this, obviously, then we get the correct items. And so we can start building some pretty complicated queries, but because we have a index right here, we can actually use this index and scan it. So we can do select start from demo indexes and then the name of the index. And it's going to return the item based on my index. And you can do many things, you can run insert statements although they're not easy to run directly from the UI because they're not automatically generated. You can also set an item, so you can update a specific item and set the attribute value, the Partition key value and the Sort key value and so on. Or you can, for example, drop a specific item and you have a delete from statement. So this editor is just for people who want to use SQL against DinamoDB. And I just want to trigger the feature very briefly. Okay. That's it. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.