So let's get our users post table and on it we're going to enable, DynamoDB stream. So to do so let's go to exports and streams, and here we're going to have DynamoDB stream details, and we're going to enable it. Now we have the option to choose which type of view we want to have within our DynamoDB stream. And it can be key attributes, new image, all image or new and old images. So I'm going to keep the last option to get as much information as possible, and I will enable this stream. Okay, great. So now my stream is enabled and within it, as you can see, if I scroll down, there is the trigger. And the trigger, is what is this stream going to trigger? So we can create a trigger. And here we have a Lambda function that can be invoked every time your DynamoDB stream is updated. So to do so, well, let's go ahead and create a new function. Okay. And we can use a blueprint. And in here I can type DynamoDB, and we have DynamoDB process stream Python. Which is going to log all the updates made to a table. So this is good. Let's configure it and I'll call it Lambda demo, DynamoDB stream. Next, we're going to create a new role with basic Lambda permissions, and we'll make sure to edit this role, to add the permissions, to read from DynamoDB. Now for the DynamoDB triggers, we need to create the trigger. So is going to be the users post, which table was it? The users post table? Yes, indeed. And the batch size is 100. Okay. So this is how many records will read at a time. The batch window, if you wanted to gather records before invoking the functions, so to be more efficient. And the starting position. So do you want to read from the start or from the end of the stream, just in case the stream had been already created. So we're good. We enable the trigger. And as you can see, what it does is that it just prints the records that we get out of the stream, into the logs we'll be able to view this in CloudWatch logs. So now we have created the function, but we get an error, which is that the record or the function can not access our stream because we have missing IAM information. So we're going to fix this. So we click on our function and then under configuration, we're going to go under permissions, and this is the execution role. Now we have to click on this execution role and we're going to add the necessary permissions to read from DynamoDB. So we'll attach a policy and I will look for DynamoDB, and we'll have DynamoDB read only access because what we're doing is that we're actually reading from DynamoDB. So this is good. And this one is also good to read from DynamoDB. So we'll attach these two just in case, but this has meant for Lambda. So probably a little bit better. So let's attach this policy and to be honest, one of these is going to work. I'm trying to make this as simple as possible, which is why I'm not spending a lot of time on this. So let's refresh now this page, and it seems like we're good to go. So we have more actions on DynamoDB. So this is good. Okay. And now if we refresh this, we can choose this function and set the batch size in 100 and we create this trigger. So now that means that my DynamoDB stream is going to trigger my Lambda function. And if I go back into my Lambda function and refresh this page, we can see the DynamoDB is indeed triggering my Lambda function. So this is an enabled type of integration with these settings. Okay, good. So next, what I'm going to do is just test it out. So we're going to go to our table and what I'm going to do is click on view items. And we're going to do a few things. For example, let's take this item, the second post of John, we're going to action, edit it, and then I'm going to modify. So I'm going to say a second post 'yay' edit. And click on save change. So this is good. And then we'll take Alice and we're going to do action and then duplicate. So it's going to create a new thing and I'm going to just add a bit more data as a new Alice blog and then create item. And then finally, we actually don't like this blog, so I'm going to delete it. So I'm going to do action and then delete items. And yes. Okay. So we've done three kinds of operations. We've had an update, a create and a delete. And so we went to do my Lambda function. My Lambda function executed this code, which was printing, so logging these events. And so what I need you to do is just go into CloudWatch logs and have a look at whether or not we saw these informational logs So let's click on view the logs in CloudWatch logs. And here we have some information around this log stream. And as you can see in this log stream you get a lot of information. Okay, so we get one line. So this was a modify and this was the DynamoDB records. So it gives you the key, the user ID, and as well as the new image. Okay. And the content, so we can see yes, a second post 'yay' edit. And we can also see the old image of what it was before. So that was like for one request, then we have an insert. And so again, we can see, the DynamoDB record in it. And then the new image and the, there is no old image because obviously we wasn't inserts. So there was nothing before. And then we get a remove. And again, this remove operation was logged. We have the old image, and obviously there is no new image because the thing was removed. Okay. So that's fairly easy. We just enable the stream and you went to Lambda function and the Lambda function was logging it, but this is the basis to have these kinds of integrations with DynamoDB streams. Okay. Lastly, please make sure to disable the trigger. So on the DynamoDB, you take this trigger and you disabled it or delete it, whatever you want, and you'll be good to go. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.