So now let's talk about Time To Live. And Time To Live allows you to automatically delete items after an expired timestamp. So the idea is that you have a column you'll define, and then when you say the time of right now goes over the the value of this column, then please remove the item. So having an item being deleted by a Time To Live constraint does not consume any WCU, so there's no extra cost. And this timestamp must be a number that represents the Unix Epoch timestamp value. As we'll see in the hands-on. And expired items are deleted within a few days of expiration. So if we look at a table, for example, a session data table that has two columns, User ID and Session ID, we want to add an expired time, which is going to be the TTL of our table. And we're going to define when each session will expire. Now what happens is that when you go and there is an expiration process in DynamoDB, it will look at the current time and say, the current time is this. And it will mark, scan the table and expire items that are going to obviously have TTL epoch time less than the time right now. And then the second process will scan and delete these items from the table. And this is how TTL works. Now these expired items that haven't been deleted will still appear in the reads, query, and scan. So if you don't want them, you need to do some client-side filtering. So there could be some expired items already in your queries. You need to wait at up to 40 hours to see it being deleted. And when the items are deleted, they're also deleted from your indexes. So your local secondary indexes and your global secondary indexes. And a delete operation for each expired item enters the DynamoDB stream. That means that any item that gets deleted thanks to the TTL will be in that stream and you could recover it if you wanted to. Now, the use cases for TTL would be to reduce stored data by keeping only current items to adhere to regulatory obligations. Or for example, for the session data, it is a perfect use case of TTL. Okay, so let's have a look at how we can define a TTL in DynamoDB. So let's go ahead and create a table, and I'll call this one DemoTTL. Now the partition key is going to be user_id and we don't need a sort key right now. Okay, we'll keep, we'll customize the settings. We'll set provisions and auto scaling off. We'll have one RCU and one WCU, and then we'll go ahead and create this table. So my table is now created, and what I'm going to do is just add a little bit of data. So I'm going to insert some items. So I'm going to create an item. User ID is john_123, and then I'm going to add an attribute, for example, name is going to be John. And then I want to have an expire on attribute. So expire_on, and essentially it's not a string, it's going to be a number. So we do expire_on, and then we need to give an expiration date to John. So I call it epoch converter online. And let's just get the first one. And so this is how we can translate a timestamp of soon into an epoch timestamp, which I can enter into DynamoDB. So for example, if I take, say five minutes from now, so here we go. And I do human to timestamp, here is the epoch value of five minutes from now. So I'm going to paste that in and click on Create Item. So that's one item that has been created. And I will create a second item. And this one is alice_456 as a user ID, while Alice's name is going to be Alice. And we need to again have an expire_on and the expire_on, we can say, for example, one hour from now. So we'll have 10 here and click on Human date to Timestamp, take this in and paste it, and create item. So now we have two rows in our DynamoDB table. And both of them have a different expire_on attribute. Now we need to go ahead and define the TTL on our table. So if we look at our table, we can see the Time To Live is currently disabled. So what I can do is go to Additional Settings, scroll down, and then look for the Time To Live and click on Enable. Now we need to give the TTL attribute name. So what is the data that I want to expire, the comment I wanna expire on? So expire_on is the name that I gave to this TTL attribute name. And then we could run a preview. So if you run a preview right now, it says that these two items will be deleted in one hour. So if we take for example, the time right now, which is right here, and I do Run Preview, it says, hey, there's no items that I want to delete. But if we do one hour from now, so if we do for example, 10:10 and that gets this epoch timestamp right here, and paste it, Run Preview, only John will be expired. And then if I go a bit after, so if I go to 10:50 and take a human timestamp date to timestamp and phase this in, run a preview, now two items will be deleted. And you could either specify an epoch value or a custom time or in the next 60 minutes, 24 hours, or seven days, which is quite cool for running some simulations. So we can enable TTL, and now TTL is enabled and automatically if I wait for one hour, my items are going to be completely expired. So this is pretty cool, and we can do a graph of all the items deleted in the last 24 hours thanks to this feature right here. So this is a CloudWatch metric. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.