Okay, so a few CLI options that may come up in the exam for DynamoDB. So the first one is projection-expression, and with it, we can specify one or more attributes to retrieve. The idea is that we don't want to retrieve all the columns, all the attributes. We just want to retrieve a subset to maybe have less data come to us, or only the data we need. There is filter-expression, which is to filter items returned to you, so there is going to be some filtering, and we can specify some conditions that we'll see very, very soon. There is also some very important pagination options for DynamoDB S1. So, for DynamoDB, of course, page-size. So page-size is saying that we still want to retrieve the entire dataset, but this time, each sub-API call that we'll make to AWS will be smaller. And the idea is your API call won't time out. For example, if you have a table of 10,000 items and you do one API call, maybe you will retrieve 10,000 items at a time and you will time out. But if you specify a page-size of 100, what's going to happen is that there's going to be 100 API calls of size 100, that are going to be made behind the scenes, to make sure that the complete API call succeeds. So page-size is an optimization in that sense, in that it allows you to do more API calls, but also avoid timeouts. Max-items, instead, is to have a limited number of items to show when you get a result back from the CLI call. And max-items works in combination with NextToken, or starting-token, which is to say that now that you've received, say, 25 items, we want to get the next 25, and so therefore, you need to use that NextToken to retrieve the next 25 items. Now, I'll make this very clear, because we're going to practice right now. So let's go into our UserPosts table and let's view the items. So here are all the items in our table, and we're going to have a play with it. Now, I want you to open the CLI so you can use a terminal, if you've configured it, or I'm going to use AWS CloudShell. And also, please make sure that you open the cli-examples.sh file in your DynamoDB folder. Okay, so the first thing is that we're going to do a DynamoDB scan. Okay. And we should specify the table name, but we'll also specify a projection-expression on user_id and content. So what's going to happen is that in this table currently, we have three attributes. We have user_id, post timestamp, and content. By using a projection-expression, we're not going to retrieve post timestamp. So let's have a proof of this. So let's copy and paste this. Press Enter. And as you can see, I'm getting some items back, okay? And as we can see, we only have content and user_id. We don't have post timestamp as part of the results. Okay. Next, let's talk about a filter-expression. So we want to scan this table. But this time, we're going to filter all the results using a filter-expression, so this is happening client-side. And we'll look for user_id = u. And then u has to be a string that has the value john123. So that means that we want to only retrieve the rows that have john123 in it. And as we can see, we have items. Count is 2. And we only retrieve the content for john123. So this is working. And this is all happening client-side, okay? If you wanted to have it server-side, because the user_id is john123, and it's a user_id call and so it's a primary key, we could run a query directly to be a lot more efficient. But at least we show the power of filter-expression. We could filter on user_id. We could filter on post timestamp. And we could filter on content as well. Next, we want to demo the page-size. So if you are doing this API call to scan this entire table, then it's going to be one API call in the background, and this API call is small enough, of course, but we retrieve three items. But if you wanted to be efficient, say there was like 10,000 items, you could specify a page-size 1. Now, page-size 1 will just do three API calls in the background, but you will still retrieve your three items as part of one command. So if I press Enter, as we can see, I did receive yet again my three items, okay? But what happened in the background is that there were three API calls made to DynamoDB. So this is the page-size optimization to avoid timeouts. Instead, if you wanted to retrieve one item at a time, you would use the max-items and then a number, so max-items 1 should return only one item. As you can see, we have this item being returned to us. And then the count is 3. But we have now a NextToken available to us. So this NextToken, we have to use using this command. So we're going to use the same max-items 1, but now we have the starting-token that we have to enter. And the value of the starting-token is what is in your CLI. So you paste the starting-token in your command, and then you press Enter. And now you get the second post. So here was the first blog. And we had a NextToken. And now it's our second blog, and we again have a NextToken. And so finally, if you wanted to retrieve the last one, we would run this command yet again, okay? So we'd run this command, and this time we would specify the NextToken from above, which happens to be the exact same. I don't want to show you again the process. So you copy this entire token in your command, press Enter, and now we get "Alice blog edited." And now we don't have any more NextToken. That's when we know that we've reached the limits of all the things we could scan from this table, okay? So hopefully these options of the CLI make sense. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.