So now let's talk about DynamoDB transactions. And the idea is that with a transaction, you're going to get an all-or-nothing operation to multiple items across one or more tables. So for example, we want to update, delete or add items, not for just for one table, but across multiple items. And either all the transactions, all the writes work, or none of them work. This is why it's called a transaction. Now this gives DynamoDB, the ACID feature. So atomicity, consistency, isolation and durability. Transactions can be applied into two things, read modes and write modes. For read modes, you're going to have three read modes. Therefore in DynamoDB, you're going to get eventual consistency, strong consistency that we know before, and now transactional consistency, which means I want to read data from all these tables at the same time and get a consistent view across it. Transactionally, a consistent view across it. And for write modes, you're going to get standard and transactional. So standard is you're going to do many writes across many tables, but some of them can fail. But, transactional, either all the writes work across all the tables, or none of the writes work across all the tables. Now to do a transaction, it will consume twice the write capacity you need and the read capacity units. That's because anybody who will perform two operations in the background for every item, it will prepare the transaction and then commit it. Now, these two operations you need to know are going to be TransactGetItems, is an API code to do one or more GetItem operations as part of the transaction, or TransactWriteItems to do one of more of PutItem, UpdateItem, and DeleteItem operations as part of one transaction. The use cases for DynamoDB transactions is any time you would have ACID needs. So for example, for financial transactions, for managing orders, for multiplayer games, et cetera, et cetera, everywhere you need some sort of consistency. So let's take an example. So we have AccountBalance, which presents the account ID, the balance, so how many dollars they are on each accounts, and the last time a transaction was made onto this account. And then we have another table called BankTransactions, which represents all the transactions that happened to the bank, okay? And there's a transaction ID, a transaction timestamp, From Accounts, To Accounts, and the amount. And so the idea is that we want to, obviously, add a transactions and modify the AccountBalance at the same time. So our application is going to do one transaction. And as part of this one transaction, is going to do an UpdateItem on the AccountBalance, and a PutItem on the BankTransactions. Now with the DynamoDB transaction, either the transaction is returned to both tables at the same time or to none. And this is the power of transactions. And we can see, especially in a financial setting like this, that it is really, really important to have these level of transaction guarantees. So now let's talk about capacity computations for DynamoDB, which is super important for the exam. So if you want to do three transactional writes per second, and the item size is five kilobytes, what is it going to be the WCU needed? Well, you're going to need three times five divided by one, because one WCU is one kilobyte, times two because transactional operations are twice as expensive, which makes you a need for 30 WCUs. Now, if you have five transactional reads per second, with items of size five kilobytes, then you need five times eight divided by four times two, because again, a transactional operation is twice as expensive as a strongly consistent read, which gives you 20 RCUs. And why did we get eight? Well, five did get rounded to the upper four kilobyte that we've seen from before. So be familiar with these computations, be understanding of what a transaction is in DynamoDB. I can't really demo in the console, but I hope you liked this lecture and I will see you in the next lecture.