So another theory lecture about all the writes you can do on DyamoDB, just so you have a really good understanding of them. So the first one is concurrent writes, which we have an item and say to the users, "Want to update the item." So the first one say, "Hey, update this item to value equals one." And the second one says, "Hey, I want you to update the item with value equals two." Now what happens? Well, they're both going to succeed. So the first one will maybe update to value equals one. The second updates to value equals two. And so maybe the second write will overwrite the first writes, if it happens afterwards, okay? But one of them will be overwritten. And this is not a very desired behavior because two of them try to update an item and both get success, but obviously only one of them really succeeded. So that's why it's called concurrent writes. So how can we solve this? We can do conditional writes. In conditional writes, the idea is that the user says, "Hey, I want to get this item with value equals one, but only if the value is currently zero." And the second person says, "Hey, I want you to do the value of this item with value equals two, but only if the value is zero." What's going to happen now is that, for example, the first write is going to be accepted. So the value will be equals one. And the second write is going to fail because at the time of evaluating the condition value equals zero, it turns out that then it would to be able say, "Hey, you know what? Actually, the value now is one." So we shouldn't do your writes. So this is a way to solve the concurrency problems. And that's why it's called optimistic locking. Now another kind of writes you can do are atomic writes. So in this example, the user say, "Hey, I want you to increase the value by one," and the user two say, "I want to increase the value by two." Now both writes are going to succeed. And the value in total will be increased by three. So one plus two equals three. And finally, nothing to do with these kind of concurrency, but just batch writes is when a user writes or updates many items at a time, okay? So now you know, all the types of writes you have in DynamoDB, and it should make sense to you at the exam. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.