One of the things that's really nice about Cru is that it has a very flexible, lightweight approach to interacting with underlying LMS. It uses a framework called Lite LM under the hood, which it uses to interact with with the actual providers and with the LMS themselves. And I love Lite LM because it's so simple. It's so vanilla. You may know I have a somewhat love hate relationship with Lang Chain, which comes with with a fair amount of, of, uh, of structure to it. Lite LM is almost the other extreme where there's almost nothing there. You can just immediately connect with any LM you can imagine. And that really is reflected in the way it's used in Cru. Within Cru, you can just create an LM, you pass in a model name, and the structure is that it should have the provider's name followed by a slash followed by the model. And you can just use that to to be working with GPT four or mini with Claude through anthropic you can use three, five, three, seven, whatever you want Gemini flash, grok with a Q. And you could also use grok with a K in the same way. Olama if you're running the model locally, that's how you'd set it up and supply a base URL. And if you wanted to use Open Router, which itself is a kind of abstraction onto other LMS, but it's an actual service running. Then this is how you would configure Open Router as an example. But really the idea is very lightweight, very flexible, allows you to to really connect and switch around whichever models are running underneath your crew. And I would argue that in this way, crew really has an edge over open AI agents SDK, that this is really flexible and simple and I love it. And so the final topic before we get to do some coding and some crew making is to talk about crew AI projects. So in previous weeks we have just been coding within Python notebooks within cursor. And then occasionally we've gone to real Python modules. Crew AI doesn't work that way. With QR. You do need to work with Python code, and in fact, cry builds an entire project and directory structure for each of your crews. So it comes with a bit more scaffolding than than we're used to. And there's a particular way that you need to use it. Now, the crew AI framework itself is already actually installed because I typed this command here you've tool install crew I. And that means that when you've cloned the repo you've already got the crew AI framework right there. But when you want to create a new project, you actually want a crew of your own. You type this command crew, I create crew, my crew or my project or whatever to create that project. And by the way, as a side note, you could say crew, I create flow, my project if you wanted to use the flow idea, the workflows, the more fixed workflows rather than a crew. But we're going to be sticking with crews. So crew I create crew my crew. And what that does is it's going to create a whole directory structure that's going to appear immediately. There's there's going to be at the top, my crew or my project, whatever you call it. And then a subdirectory source src and within that subdirectory will be the name of your project again micro or whatever. And then under that it's a bit nested. Under that will be a directory called config which is where you put your YAML files. And we'll see. In particular by default there'll be an agent's YAML and a YAML, which is where we can put our configuration for our agents and tasks. And then there's a module crew.py. And that module is the one I just showed you, which is where it all comes together with the decorators and the way the place we actually create our crew. And then there's a module called main. And that module is where we actually kick off. We initiate the run. And when we actually want to run it we just type create run. And that will actually do that. It will execute main I think behind the scenes it just simply does. You've run Main.py and that does bring up a good point that this whole thing, when you do this, when you when you type create, create crew, my crew, it sets up a you've project crew uses you've which which makes which is great for us since we're using you've as well. But it makes a project. So you'll also see in this micro directory you'll see some of the the you've project configuration files as well. So we're going to be having these you've projects within our bigger you've project for the whole course. And that will make more sense when you see it in action. And what better time to see it in action than right now. Let's go and give this a try.