And so to recap, we just experienced a crew I project, which is in fact a UV project under the hood. We created it by saying crew I create crew debate. It created this directory structure which now should land with you. You should be more familiar debate census, then debate again, then config. We set up our agents YAML to define each of the agents, including the model. We set up the tasks that included the expected output and the output file. Crew is where we had the various decorators, and we brought it all together with our functions for agents, tasks and the crew. And we said that the process was sequential. And then we typed query run within our directory and it kicked the whole thing off, generated the output. And it was successful. And apparently there should be stricter regulation around llms. I encourage you to try debating some more controversial points of your liking and choose different models. So yes, we'll of course be getting much deeper into crew. But in the meantime, the assignment for you is to now play around with this. You could have a separate agent for the the agent that is proposing and opposing the motion. Break that into two different agents and have the tasks going to them separately. And the reason to do that is that then it's easy to have a different model. So that you could have OpenAI debate with deep seek or something like that, and then switch who's opposing and who's proposing to see whether it changes the outcome. And that's an amusing and entertaining way to battle Llms together, to see which are better at forming coherent arguments, persuasive arguments that convince a different model that is being the judge. So that allows you to come up with your own little leaderboard based on debating skills. So please go away and enjoy yourself with that. Get a good handle, get comfortable with the framework around crew and the sort of minimal scaffolding there. And next time we'll get a little bit deeper into crew and start building some more crew projects. I will see you then.