And a very warm welcome to day two of week three. Our second day playing with crew, this time continuing doing some building and exploring the crew framework. To quickly recap what we did last time we learned about an agent. The agent being the smallest autonomous unit. It has an LM associated with it. It doesn't actually need to. You can have an agent with that LM, but they typically do. It has a role, a goal, a backstory. And it also has memory and tools. Not that we've looked at either of them just yet. And then a task. This is the concept which doesn't have an analog. In OpenAI agent SDK. A task is an assignment to be carried out with a description, expected output, perhaps an output file, and it's assigned to an agent. And then a crew, which is a team of agents and tasks together assigned to those agents. And they can run sequentially or hierarchically, in which case you'd have to assign a manager LM to figure out which task is assigned to which agent. So that's the overall structure of crew, which now should be pretty familiar to you. And you'll remember that there are five steps that we went through when we set up our first crew project. First of all, we created a project. We did create Create Crew, my project, or we did debate, but it could be whatever we want and it will set up that whole file system structure for us. We then go into source and the name of the project and then config, and that is where we find the YAML files, which we can call them whatever we want. But by by by default there are two there one for the agents, one for the tasks, and we fill them in with the details. We then go to the crew.py module in our source project folder, and we create the agents, the tasks and the crew using the functions that are already set up there for us and using the decorators. And we reference the YAML config, although we don't need to, we could actually manually create a pass in those fields when we create each of those objects. But the config file makes that easy for us and keeps some of this prompting text separate from our code, which is a nice separation. Then fourth, we update the Main.py module to set the config to set up the run parameters that we did when we specify the inputs. The fact in our case that the topic of debate the motion was, as it happens, about AI regulation, and then we can run and the way we run is we type crew. I run from within the project folder, which behind the scenes does a run, and then it's off to the races with our crew framework. Okay. So we're going to go a little bit deeper in two ways. And we're going to set up another project today. And one of those ways is with tools, something that we're very familiar with already equipping agents with capabilities. We will see how to do that crew AI style And then the other one is about context. And this is how you tell crew what information is to be passed from one task to another. So these are the two extra details we're going to get into today when we build our second crew. And let's go and do that right now. So just before we go into crew, there's another of these APIs that I need you to sign up for, but you'll be pleased to hear it's another free one. And this is going to be quite a contrast with our experience with OpenAI agents SDK. We're going to use something called Serpa, which is a fast way to run Google queries from code. It's an API to run lightning fast Google search at an unbeatable price, and indeed it is unbeatable. So you go to Serpa Dev and you sign up by pressing that button there, and I've already done so and so I can sign in with my account. And here I am. And the thing is that you get 2500 free credits, which is more than enough for this course, and this will allow us to do plenty of searches quite happily indeed. And you will go to API key, which I won't do. Now you'll get my API key, but you go there to create your API key and as usual, copy it into your clipboard because that is something that you will need for your env file. And in your env file, you should have entered that in as Serpa underscore API underscore key cursor will actually prompt you for that if you start typing it. Serpa API key. And if you're interested Serp where that comes from. Serp stands for Search Engine results page, which is the common name for these kinds of services. And there is another one that's called something similar to Serpa. So be sure that you use Serpa API key. Not I think this one called Serp API or something, which is different. So be sure to have the right key there. Okay, so with that we are we are still in the debate folder. We will close that. Here we are in our crew folder in cursor for week three, and we are going to go into bringing up a new terminal. It's still got what we had before. Let's let's clear this let's exit that. Let's start a fresh terminal. Here it is. We're going to go into the third folder crew. And it's time for us again to create a new project. Do you remember how to create a crew project? Well here you do it. It's crew. I create crew again, as opposed to a flow, which is different. And then we're going to make one that's called financial researcher, somewhat inspired by the default one that's already there. Let's have a financial researcher. Let's create that right now. So we as before, we just choose OpenAI and GPT four or many. And we skip setting up the key. And it has created the financial Researcher project and a bunch of scaffolding for us, which is great. And this is where we will get started.