And of course, the key point for us to have focused on here is that this second agent that did the summary of the research report on Tesla was taking advantage of the output from the first agent, because that was included in its context. And that's how it was able to give what it gave. And you'll note, if we look into this, that it's as of October 2023. And that's a bit disappointing because that's clearly not right now a key financial metrics Q3 2023. And yeah, we're not we're not super happy about that. And that is, of course, because we're relying on the context on the on the knowledge cut off from deep seq that did our research and deep seq didn't have more, was last trained back in 2023 and doesn't have more recent information, which is unfortunate, but something that we can now fix. So the way we're going to fix it is by adding in a tool, which is the big plan for for this week. And it's going to be quite easy. So we do that by going back. Let's close this and go back to the other crew module which is where we define our crew. And we are going to add another import here. We're going to import from Cru AI tools. And yeah it's there's not going to be much of a job for us in, in the not not too distant future. So yes indeed. Clever old cursor knows that we want the Serpa dev tool here, which is indeed what we want, which is a tool from crew AI that's able to do Google lookups using our Serpa dev account. And so you need to put your Serpa API key into the EMV file. But now the now is the challenging, the difficult task of giving the researcher the ability to use that tool. That's what we want to do. And the way we're going to do that is we're going to say that we only want our researcher tool to have it. So it's not difficult at all. It is really rather easy. We simply create an instance of the Serpa dev tool, and we pass that in in this tools list right here. That's all it will take. I save that and we should be good to go. Maybe we'll go back to models, though, and pick a different model. Let me see. We're going to go back to agents. And why don't we just use OpenAI, GPT four or mini so that we have a faster time of it? Okay, let's give this a shot. Let's bring up our terminal. Let's exit that one actually. Let's just start again. I could have typed clear. We go into the third directory into crew. We go into our financial researcher directory and now we type crew. I run and we're hoping now that it's going to go and look up using that tool. It's going to look up Google about Tesla. And we're going to get some information. Financial researcher in progress. There's something happening here. There's lots happening. Search the internet with Serpa. You can see it's doing its stuff. Plenty of search is happening. Tesla latest news today. I see 2025 appearing in the search results. This is promising. This is good news, but we'll soon see. So the researcher is still working. It's now on the report writer. We're now talking to grok. And here is the summary. Here is the report. And it's great to see we do indeed have a report as of early 2025. And we've got the most recent news from Tesla hasn't done as brilliantly as usual in the last month or so in the last few weeks, including. It's definitely got relevant recent information in this report. And it is, of course, a clear and accurate report. And, you know, it's fantastic to see this stuff. And I guess the the usual things for you to appreciate. One is that this is actually a high quality output. This is something that would genuinely, legitimately be useful if you spent about ten minutes, 15 minutes yourself searching the internet, doing some searches, gathering some information, synthesizing it into an email like this, you probably would come up with something quite similar. It's it's it's proper work that's been done with a good output. And the other part of this is how easy it was to build this whole infrastructure. Thanks to crew, thanks to just a couple of of commands, building this and then writing in plain English in these YAML files, Our objectives for our couple of agents and tasks, and then just giving it the tool, it was able to handle all of this. And unlike OpenAI's costs of 2.5 cents per lookup, these costs have been coming out of our free credits. And so this has cost us nothing. Okay. Well, I hope you enjoyed that and I hope you've done it yourself and had a similar outcome. And I will now see you for the wrap up. Well, I hope you enjoyed that. And you've tried it yourself and experimented with some different models. If you're using a llama, experiment with some different free open source models, try messing around with the instructions and the backstories and see what it what it takes, what sorts of differences you can make, and try other kinds of quick agent projects that involve using searches. And you're getting more and more familiar with Crewe. And I imagine, like me, that you quite enjoy using Crewe AI as well. It has a lot to love. All right, next time we're going to take this project a step further, and we're going to experiment with some of the more advanced features of Crewe. See you then.