And welcome to crew week three. Day three. It is time for us to build a new project. The stock picker that I'm looking forward to showing you a quick reminder on the five steps that we use to build a crew project from last time we use crew, I create crew. We fill in the YAML files, we complete the crew module, we update Main.py to set any inputs for doing the run, and then we call crew I run. This time we're going to be going deeper again in three new ways. First of all, structured outputs will have a comeback. We looked at them last week. We'll do them again with crew. We'll use a custom tool in addition to the tool that we'll use again. We'll also build our own tool. And then thirdly, we will try out the hierarchical process allowing crew to manage the process of what task goes where. And as you'll see we'll have a bit of an adventure with that. All right. Let's get started. Okay. Here we are back in cursor. Back in Project Directory three crew. And let's open this up and we will bring up a terminal window again. As before, we'll go into that directory and we're going to create our new project which is of course crew I create crew. And then the name of the project which is going to be Stock picker, a project to create and recommendations for investing in the stock market, bearing in mind that this is purely for our own investigatory purposes and you should not use this to make any trading decisions, please. Okay. We're going to select open AI as our provider. And we're going to choose GPT four and mini. And we're not going to set up any env variables. And the crew has been successfully created. All right. It's now first of all time for us to open up our stock picker. And as usual go into source, go into config. And the first step is to create our agents. So we will go ahead and do that now. Okay. So here we are in agents YAML. And we're going to create the agents for this project. And there's going to be a few of them. So I'm going to bring them in an agent at a time so that we can talk them through. So the first agent is called the Trending Company Finder. And it's responsible for looking in the news and finding trending companies in a particular sector. So you read the news. You find 2 to 3 companies that are trending for further analysis. And we'll use GPT for a minute here. But you can of course substitute in whichever model you'd like. And it might be fun to play around with different ones. The next one we will use, and let me make sure I paste this in properly. There we go. Is a financial researcher the financial researcher. Given details of trending companies you provide comprehensive analysis. So financial expert with a proven track record of deeply analyzing hot companies. Again we'll go with GPT four mini as the backstory. Okay one more agent that we're going to work with, and that next agent is going to be a stock picker. So we've done we've we've found trending companies in the news. We've researched those trending companies. What's left to do is to pick one. So the stock picker given a list of research companies with investment potential, you select the best one for investment, notifying the user and then providing a detailed report. Don't pick the same company twice. You're a meticulous, skilled financial analyst with a proven track record of equity selection. These are all great ideas for well crafted prompts to be using. And again, we'll use GPT four mini for now and let's save that. I'm going to add in one more agent as well. A new agent for us to be exploring this time. And the new agent is going to be a manager. But I'm going to keep this manager very simple. The role is a manager, and I'm saying you're a skilled project manager who can delegate tasks to. In order to achieve your goal, which is your goal is to pick the best company for investment. And that's it. So very simple vanilla description of that agent. And therein there is our four agents for this project. So far so good. You like those four agents. It's time for us to define the tasks. And when defining tasks the trick is to be very clear, very simple. And so the first task is a find trending company's task. Find the top trending companies in the news in this sector by searching the latest news. Find new companies that you've not found before and the output, a list of trending companies in that sector. And we are going to say that assign it, of course, to the agent. The trending company finder is the agent that will work on this, and it will put it in an output file. Trending companies in output that. You may be wondering why that says JSON. It will become clear in one second. Okay. So then going to have our next task. And our second task is going to be a research trending companies task. The description is given a list of trending companies provide a detailed analysis of each company in a report. And the agent of course will be the financial researcher. The second agent that we made. So this this 1 to 1 correspondence between a task and an agent right now. And we're giving it we're telling it to have some context. And the context is the find trending companies task. And we're asking it to put it in an output as well. And you can see that already cursor is one step ahead. But we're going to ignore cursor. And I'm going to put it in myself. The pick best company task is the final task in the list. It's of course assigns to the stock picker agent, and it is to analyze research findings, pick the best company for investment, then send a push notification to the user. That's a new one. You can imagine that it's going to be the tool that we will add, a tool that we've used before. But the first time in crew and we'll, we'll ask for a one sentence rationale and then respond with a detailed report on why you chose this company and which companies were not selected. And then the agent I just said was a stock picker. And the context is of course, the research trending companies. So there we have it. We've now defined our tasks. And again, it's worth noticing how I've made these prompts very instructive, very crisp. I've used consistent language with things like trending companies. All of these, these are all small steps that help make sure you get coherent responses. Although as you'll see, it's not going to be perfectly coherent. But it definitely helps. And I've experimented with this a fair bit. And in previous versions, when I was iterating on this, I had inconsistent language between agents and tasks and definitely causes less stability. So I think that's a that's a pro tip for you.