And now it gets juicy. Now we're going to go to Crewe and we're going to start building a bunch of different things. So the first thing is that I want us to use structured outputs. In other words, we are going to ask our different tasks to be providing information according to a particular JSON schema as a way of making sure we're getting the information that we want from these agents in a robust sort of way that is kind of on rails. And so, as you probably remember, the way to do that is to create classes that are subclasses of base model and use this as a way of describing what we want. So let me give you an example. Let's make a class that's called trending company. And so this is a subclass of base model. We give it an explanation. It's a company in the news attracting attention. And then we set up name ticker and reason. And we give them descriptions like this. And you can see this is a way of, of laying out the information that we're going to want to be gathering. And it helps guide the agents and the tasks to, to to produce information that we want. And now I'm going to make a second class. That is basically just a list of these. So it's called trading company list. And it contains a single field companies which is a list of these objects. It's a way to organize it so that one task can result in a bunch of trading companies. So far so good. We're going to do pretty much the same thing again for our research. So we're going to have a trending company research schema. Here it is. So again it's a it's a pedantic class a class that is a subclass of base model. And it's detailed research on a company. It has a name, market position, future outlook and investment potential. And by giving the fields with that name and with that description, we are going to force the agent to produce that information in its response. And so it's a really clever way of making sure that we guide the agent's behavior. And similarly we're going to add a list trending company research list, a detailed list of of all of the research on the companies, and it's a list of trending company research objects of these objects with these descriptions. And again, I find it helpful to be mindful that you use consistent, clear terminology. I used to have. I used to my first version of this, I called these newsworthy companies, and I was just introducing concepts that weren't crystal clear in terms of what I was going for. And and this has helped make it more reliable using simple and and common terms and using them consistently. Okay, now it's time to define our crew, our class stock picker. And as usual we look at the YAML files. We bring them in here. And I've deleted the rest of the gunk that it auto generates so that we can build this ourselves from scratch. And we're going to start by creating our trending company finder agent, which I'll do like this. And we need to give it of course the decorator agent like that. So this is a trending company finder. It's going to return an agent configured with the config and we're going to use a tool which will be let me tidy this up for you. There we go. It's going to use the super dev tool as before so that it can look for trending companies on the internet. That seems pretty good. All right, let's make our second agent. And this second agent is going to be our financial researcher agent. And so let's see we're going to want to again use Sirpa. So we're going to have it look at the config again for the financial researcher and the tools we. I was wondering what was going on there. I was missing the deaf deaf financial researcher like so that's going to have an agent. And there we go. Now it should work fine. All right. That seems good. And it has suggested cursor has kindly suggested that we do this, which seems good to me, except we don't really need this. We don't need to have the Sirpa dev tool in there, because the stock picker has been given all of its information, it's not going to need that at all. All right. So that is the definition of our three agents. Let's go on to defining our tasks. Okay. So it's time to define the first of our tasks. And the first task is the task to find trending companies using the trending company finder. And here it is. Find trending companies is creating a task. This is the config. And we also have this field output pedantic. And that is telling it that this task needs to output some JSON in the schema that conforms to trending company list. And that of course is this object right here. So we are constraining it to make sure that it produces something in that format, which is exactly what we want. And so this is the way that you do structured outputs in crew. And now the research trending companies task. This is going to again be hooked up to the right config. And this of course is going to create the trending company's research list. Pedantic object. So here we go. If we look back up, this is, of course, this object right here. A list of research results. So we are saying this task to research is going to be forced to produce information that conforms to that schema. And that way we know we're going to get research. Hopefully you're following along with this. If not then do look at the code and try this out for yourself. We're almost done. We're just going to add in the best company picker, which is right here, and which is going to select the best company. And that's an easy one, an easy one to end with. And now we've got left to do is actually create our crew. All right. Time to create the crew. We've made the agents. We've made the tasks. Here is the crew. You may be thinking to yourself, we only created three agents. Did we have a fourth agent? Yes, we did, but that fourth agent is a bit different. It's the manager, and we don't want that to be in the list of the of the, the general agents that are going to be working on the task at hand. We're going to want to create this separately and handle it separately. So we create our manager agent like this just as a, as a as a separate variable manager, an agent that has the config from that's called manager. And we also use this field allow delegation equals true. That is telling crew that we want it to be able to delegate to other agents. That would be the equivalent of the handoff in the OpenAI agents SDK. All right. And so now it just remains for us to actually return our crew from this function here from Def Crew. And we're going to do it like this. Return crew. The agents is self dot agents. And that is a three agents with the decorators above. Those are the agents that form this team, this crew. The tasks are the tasks that we defined. We're now saying the process is process hierarchical not process sequential. And that means that we are going to assign an LM to figure out which agent does what task. Verbose is true. And this is where we specify the agent. It's the agent we created right here. We could just just create that agent right there in the code. But it's a bit neater to do it this way and that is the end of it. Now there is actually an alternative here. You don't need to create a separate manager agent. You can actually say manager LM equals and just define an LM like GPT four or something. But um, I found it perform slightly better if I get the opportunity to describe the role of the manager. But both did work. But as you'll see, neither works perfectly. Haha. It's an adventure. As I say, it's a very interesting insight into some of the challenges of of autonomous AI, but still it works better if you define the manager separately. And one other point I'll make is that in defining that manager, I don't know if you spotted this, but I'm actually using GPT four, not GPT four mini. I'm using the bigger version, which means it's a slightly more pricey, so you can make that for a mini if you'd prefer, but I found that that helped it stay more coherent with the mission at hand. So anyway, that is defining the crew.