And now for something completely different. We are going to work on making an agent that knows how to code, how to write Python code, how to write software, and a little bit more than that, it's not only going to know how to write software, but how to run it as well. So this is challenging and complex, but it's possible to have an agent in Crewe in the Crewe environment, which has this ability. Not only is it able to to take a problem that you set it, it can write code to solve that problem. It can then execute that code in a Docker container. It doesn't need to, but it's good to have it run it in a Docker container, which means that it is a sort of sandboxed, ring fenced environment that doesn't have access to do damage to your computer because it's in this protected world, and then it can run the code, it can execute it in that container and look at the results and interpret those results to take on some more action. So as I say this, this is this is a really advanced Task. This is something that's taking us to the next level, and it's going to be hard and complex. Except it's not going to be hard or complex. You probably saw that coming, but it is going to be as simple as when we create an agent, we're going to say allow code execution equals true. And that's going to be it. And then it's going to be able to execute code. And if you say code execution mode equals safe, then if you have Docker installed on your system and I will show you how to install Docker, if you don't, it will run it in a Docker container. And it seems almost so good. It's uh, it's crazy. I had to like close down docker to make sure that that it that it failed when I, when, when uh, when it was closed because I almost couldn't believe it was happening. It's that simple. And this is where frameworks like crew really stand out because they make things like this so very easy to do. It's worth mentioning that these this kind of system is sometimes called a Coda agent. It's various other names for it, you hear. And it's worth knowing that when people talk about Coda agents, they're not just talking about agents that can deliver code. Agents that are able to generate Python, but also this ability to generate Python and then run that Python as steps towards solving a greater problem so that this is more a means to an end than just saying it is something which which writes code. Now, confusingly, our project for this week we are going to build something that writes code. But but the fact that that it can run it too is kind of cool. So that is the introduction. And with that let's go and actually build something like this. Let's build something that can write it. We'll make something that can write code and can run it. Let's do that. See you in a sec. Okay. Welcome back to cursor. Welcome back to the crew folder. And I'm going to open up a new terminal and go into that third folder. And you know how to create a crew project. So well now that you have it committed to memory. But you know that it's crew I, which I can't spell crew, I create crew. And then the name of the project, which we will call coda, and it's going to build the directories, it's going to do the scaffolding. All we have to say that we want OpenAI and we want GPT for our mini, and we don't need a key. And Kabam, we have all of the folder structure. Great. Okay. So as always, the first thing we do is we go into the config and we start by defining our agents. So what agents are we going to have. We're only going to have one this time. It's going to be a very simple agent. Let me just remove this so we can see what we're doing. Let's delete the the scaffolding and put in our coda agent. So we're going to say you are a Python developer. That's the role you write Python code to achieve this assignment. And then we pass in the assignment that is the input that will be set in the run method. First you plan how the code will work. Then you write the code, then you run it and check the output. Backstory. A seasoned Python developer with a knack for writing clean, efficient code. And we can use GPT four or mini. Yes, you can do it either way, but we'll do what cursor suggests. Change it to have the provider and the name of the model which looks a bit better. Okay, so there we go. That's pretty simple. That was our single agent. And we're going to have one single task. Let's put it in here. It is right Python code to achieve this assignment. A text file that includes the code. So so the output we want from it is a text file that includes the code and the output of the code. We want it to put both in the output. So I've called it code and output text as the output. So that is what we want it to do. So because I really want to make the point that it's going to write code, run it, get the output and it's going to think all of this through and then respond with all of that. We don't just want it to give us the output because we want to double check what it's doing is right. Okay, now we know we have to go to the crew module. Let's do that next. Okay. Here we are in the crew module that I've just gone through and deleted the templating stuff that's in there by default. And so we're just leaving our config relationships here. And I'm just going to put a little comment here. Make that a comment as well. Whoops. So this is a link to how you can install Docker if you don't already have it installed. And this is just literally and this is the Docker desktop web page for you. And as it does claim, it is a one click install for Mac or Windows or Linux. And it should be as simple as that. Many of you, I suspect from an engineering background, already know and love Docker. If you don't, then welcome to it. This should be as simple as installing it and then it's installed and you can then leave it be, but you will need to have it installed for this to work properly in a Docker setting. Okay. So now we are going to create our agent. We start with an agent decorator to make sure it goes in the right place. And we are going to create a coder. I'm going to ignore the fact that cursor is already probably several steps ahead of me, rendering my job here useless, but we'll keep going anyway, I'm going to return an agent. This is the usual fare. So what is our agent going to do? Well, the I will press tab there. The config is going to be the uh config that we set in the YAML file. But then we'll have verbose being true as usual. Now what else do we want. We now want this super complex, super hard step of making sure that this agent has the power to run to, to, to execute code, which is as simple as allow code. Oops. Allow code execution equals true. There it is. Now it can execute code. There's this step of saying code execution Execution mode is safe, and now that ensures that it runs it within a Docker container so that it's not just running the code on your platform. Now we can say Max execution time. This is a good one to have in there. And we're going to say 30 30s. This is going to be a simple task. And max retry limit. It's funny that cursor prompted me wrong there. Let's give it five retries. It can have up to five times of trying this. And that is our coder agent. So now we have a task. And the task is going to be a coding task. And I rather suspect that, uh, we, uh, can just use what cursor does, but we can take out expected output because we already defined the expected output in the task itself. So it's not needed again. All right. So there we go. We have our agent and our task defined. Now we just have to do the crew function method just below.