Well, this might be a bit of an anti-climax. I'm just saying we have to write our crew function. We don't have to write our crew function because the default thing, there is all that we need. We don't need to do anything else. We've already got something which can do exactly what we want. What we do need to do still is come into main and rewrite this. And of course it's got all of the usual stuff. We don't need any of the stuff that's there. We'll just delete everything and come back here and write our own run function. Def run. This is the thing that's going to run the crew. And so we are going to say inputs equals assignment. How do I spell assignment. Assignment. There we go colon. Let's just give that a variable assignment for now. And then we're going to say results equals coder dot crew dot kickoff passing in those inputs. And then we want to print result Raw is how the result will come back and then we will indeed have. We don't need that main in there because it will automatically run that for us. Okay. And so what's left to do, of course, is to set the actual assignment. So let's come up with assignment assignment. And we're going to do something challenging here because I want to check if I said something like the default the cursor has got for us there. Right. A Python script that prints Hello world. Then we might not know for sure that it's actually running it, because Llms are perfectly capable of knowing what a script like that would yield would result in. So it could generate the Python code and then pretend it ran it. So we want something that it can't do any pretending for. And so I have one thing to show you, although knowing Llms, it probably could pretend this as well, but I certainly think this is a harder one. So I wanted to write a Python program to calculate the first 10,000 terms of this series, multiplying the total by four. So I put it in quite a complicated way. And here's the series one minus a third plus a fifth, minus a seventh plus dot dot dot. And so I'm just kind of it's a classic case of just sort of asking the LM to figure it out like a reasonable, intelligent human would. And who would have thought a few years ago that you could write software that would be able to take something like this with all of the nuance, all of the implications, and figure out that it needs to write code to put this into a loop, to keep it going for 10,000 terms, and then to take the total and multiply it by four. And the mathmos around will probably have already spotted this as being a very slow and very, uh, boring way to calculate pi. So if it does this right, and if it calculates the first 10,000 terms and multiplies by four, then it will be an approximation. A bad approximation of pi. And now the Llms are perfectly capable of recognizing this formula and knowing that the answer should be pi. But what's much harder is for them to realize that 10,000 terms would be approximately pi, and be wrong after a few decimal places. And so that's how we can tell that it's really doing its thing. So I hope that all makes sense. It's time for us to actually run this. All right, everyone, this is exciting. The drum roll. We're going to try and have our coder do its thing. So let's bring up a terminal. Let's go into the third directory. Let's go into coder and let's type crew I run to kick this off. And remember the challenge is now being set to our agent. You can see it started. There's the command and it's now going to be thinking about it. And something just ran and failed in the code interpreter. So it's that one means it's its first try and it's trying again. So it's not like it always works. At least it shows us that something is trying to run in an interpreter. Okay. It's done some code. It's got an answer. It just all happened really fast. So, um, this is the code that it's got, that it's written, and this is the output. It's used an interesting technique I can see it's it's obviously, uh, it's, it's going through the number of terms as it should do. It's a number of terms it sets down below. That's nicely done. And then it's using this idea of take minus one to the power of the index, which is either going to be minus one or plus one. It's a clever trick. And dividing by that which looks right to me. And then where do we see it multiplying the result by four. There, right there. I was going to say that would be suspicious. It does indeed multiply the result by four. And that's why we get 3.14149, not 3.14159, because it is just an approximation of pi. And it seems to have worked. And indeed, if also we see that it's created an output file. Yes it has. And here in the output file we will find the same output which has got the code. The output below it. And I gotta tell you, I'm blown away by how easy it is to do this. And all of the machinery that's happening behind behind the scenes to be able to start a Docker container, come up with the code, run the code, come up with the answer to the way that I expressed it. In quite a simplistic way. It just figured the whole thing out. And I think that's that's really cool. And there you have it. We just gave coding skills to an agent. We have our coder agent and it was so simple. And I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did. All right. Well, it ain't over yet. We've got more to go because the natural extension, now that we've got a coder, we can build an entire engineering team. It's really the goes to the meaning of crew. We're going to build a crew, an engineering crew, to be able to solve problems front to back. And it's going to be so great. I'll see you then.