Well, this is a bittersweet moment for sure. It is the final day of our journey with crew. Fifth day of week three. While we complete the work we've got with crew, and it's going to be a great one. We're going to end on a high. We are going to build on the project we did last time. On day four, we're going to turn our coda into an engineering team. We're going to have an engineering lead depicted here by this person chilling out because, you know, that's what what leads do. Uh, we're going to have a back end engineer. We're going to have a front end engineer, and we're going to have a test engineer seen here as someone that's jumping on top, trying to trying to destroy, trying to break everything that they are given. So this is going to be our team. We're going to really use the crew and crew. I let's get to it. And welcome back to cursor. Welcome to our final project for crew. Let's bring up a terminal with control and the back tick. Let's go into that third directory. And now, of course, it is time to do crew. I create crew and it is engineering. Underscore team is the name of our project. Let's do it. Let's choose the options that it tells us. We want OpenAI. We want GPT four or mini. And then we skip making a token. And then there we have our directory structure. And now of course we go into engineering team. We go into source, we go into config and we open our agents YAML file. As usual we see the boilerplate ones there the researcher and the reporting analyst. So what are we going to do. Well we're going to first of all delete what we have here. And we're going to put in our first agent. And our first agent is going to be an engineering lead, the engineering lead for the engineering team directing the work of the engineers. Let's make that plural, take the high level requirements described here and prepare a detailed design for the back end developer. Maybe we'll leave this singular for now. If it's just one developer, everything should be in one Python module. Describe the function the method signatures in the module. The Python module must be completely self-contained and ready so that it can be tested or have a simple UI built. Here are the requirements. So this is going to be one of our input attributes that we can pass in. The module should be named module name. And the class should be named class name. So we are going to bring in those as well. So we're going to have this be a little bit configurable. And the backstory you're a seasoned engineering lead with a knack for writing clear and concise designs okay there we go. So so look, I'm going to put on an LM now and let's have something different to usual. I think we're going to go with Gpt4. We're going to have the big guy you. I've also run this with Gpt4 on many and it runs just fine. So you can do that too if you wish. And you get, you know, you get a bit more comprehensive, extensive solutions if you use its bigger cousin GPT four. Oh okay. so. And whilst that will work, of course the full way to do it is to show this is OpenAI slash like that with the provider. That is the first of our agents. Okay. So the next agent is going to be called a backend engineer. So the backend engineer is going to be a Python engineer who can write code to achieve the design described by the engineering lead. So the engineering lead will do the design will lay out the sort of foundations, and the back end engineer will do the coding write Python module that implements the design described by the engineering lead, but will also pass in the requirements again. So it's going to get the requirements along with the design and the module name and class name again. And it's given a decent backstory saying that it's a Python engineer with a knack for writing clean, efficient code. Follow the design instructions carefully. So again, we'll use a different model. We'll mix things up, and this time I suggest we use Claude 3.7 sonnet latest. Now sometimes we get an overload error from Claude? At least I do. As of now. So it's a little bit less stable, but nonetheless, it's a great coding model. Particularly so. I think it's a good one to use in this case. All right. Let's also add a front end engineer. And I say front end engineer. But it's going to be a gradio engineer a gradio expert who can write a simple front end to demonstrate a back end writer gradio UI that demonstrates the given back end all in one file to be in the same directory as the back end module, giving the requirements. Giving the back story. A seasoned engineer highly skilled at writing simple gradio UIs for a back end class. So there we have it. We, uh, explained that the UI needs to be in one module, and we'll use again Claude for this too. Okay. And one more agent. Our final agent is going to be a test engineer, but I'm slightly abusing the word there. It's not. It's not like a QA engineer. This is going to be a Python coder who knows how to write unit tests for a given backend module, because I want to see unit tests being built out here. So that's what the test engineer is going to do. They're going to create a test which is going to be called test underscore. And the name of the module which will be the backend module. And they're a seasoned QA engineer and software developer who writes great unit tests for Python. Code is the backstory. And you know, for for all of the coding part, we'll use anthropic. Maybe we should shake it up. Why don't we? Why don't we take a risk? We'll use deep seek instead. Deep seek. I'm just going to stick with deep seek chat because deep seek chat is has is also able to write terrific code as well. So we'll we'll stick with that model and that will be our test engineer. Now it's time for us to go on to the tasks. So look it's a bit repetitive. We're going to let me get rid of the gunk. We're going to have a task for each agent. And it's funny. This is one of those times when it feels like OpenAI's agents SDK is sort of more straightforward that they don't have this extra indirection, this idea of a task being a separate first class object, because there's a lot of times that you will have this 1 to 1 mapping between a task and an agent. Obviously, crew has built this up because they really want you to think in terms of situations where you will have series of tasks that will be given to the same agent. And we did see that and at least one of our examples. But in this case, we are again going to have the case that there's going to be a task for each of our agents, and it gives us an opportunity to spell out very clearly what's required. So the description of the task is to take the high level requirements described and prepare a detailed design for the engineer. This is the design task that, of course, is going to be assigned to our engineering lead. And the output is a detailed design for the engineer. You'll notice that I make it important that it should only output the design in markdown format. Otherwise it just wants to start writing the code, which is not exactly what we want. And here we specify the the output as the module name underscore design. And it's worth noting that you can have these templated tags in the output file name as well. You can have it anywhere in this YAML, and it will get substituted in for the actual name of the the module that we're building here. So that is the design task. My next one cursor wants it to be called coding task. But when I wrote it I wrote code task. There we go. Uh, I'd like to be unpredictable. Uh, so the description is write a Python module that implements the design as described by the engineering lead in order to achieve the requirements. And then here I'm saying important output only the Python code without any markdown formatting or code block delimiters or backticks. And that's important because these models love to output markdown. And if you don't put that note in there, it's going to put that tick, tick, tick python at the top of the file, which means it won't be a valid Python file. And it just loves doing that. So unless you really highlight this is important, it's going to do it. And so that is the task. And we're saying context design task, which you remember is going to make sure that that information is made available to it. And generally speaking you can think of the tasks as being the user prompts and the agents as defining the system prompts, and that that's kind of how it all comes together. And this context is showing us what kind of information is going to be included in that prompt from others. Okay. So that is the code task. How about the front end task. So this is where the plot thickens. The front end has got to write a Gradio UI in a module App.py that demonstrates the given back end class. Assume there's only one user and keep the UI very simple indeed. Just a prototype or demo. Here are the requirements. And so yeah, we keep it. Keep it nice and simple. Maybe I'm going to take out the very simple indeed. Let's just say keep the UI simple and keep the UI clean. Let's leave it at that. So, um, important. Only output the raw Python code again. The agent is the front end engineer agent, obviously. And of course, for its context, it needs to get the output from the code task because it's going to write a user interface, which is going to directly use what the code task has written. So that's going to be very interesting to see how how it's able to keep that context so well that it's actually able to do this. And then cursor is correct that the last one is indeed called test task, but it's got a little bit more detail than cursor was suggesting. Write unit tests for the given back end module and create a test in the same directory. And this is. Got more information one more time about outputting raw Python without clever tags. And of course it also depends on the code task. The unit tests are not going to test the user interface, it's going to test the code. And that will be the output file. And that is it for our tasks our 1 to 1 again between the task and the agent.