So I am genuinely blown away by how well that did. And and you know, again, how easy it was for us to get to that point of having these different, this crew of different agents building that product and the fact that that user interface just worked right away, like it just came up and it ran and, and it looked so great and that the functionality behind it there was like a front end and back end and it all held together and did its thing. So I hope that you're going through the same as what I'm going through, somewhat some disbelief and I hope you're seeing similar results. I've put that particular example in something called example Output new. And there's also you'll see a couple of other examples in there. If you you want to try out the ones that I generated. But you should try it yourself. Play with different models and experiment. And that's not all you should experiment with. Now this this week has some important projects for you. This this is where you really learn. You learn by building stuff yourself, by coming in. Take an example like this and just build it step by step. Take it a piece at a time. Gradually add to it. So the first way you can add to it, the easy way you can add to it is to have your team grow. Your team is hiring. Add in some more. The role that I call test engineer wasn't really a test engineer because this was some something that wrote test cases, but you could actually have a test engineer that's responsible for going through maybe writing a test plan and then executing the test plan. You could add a business analyst that fleshes out the requirements. You could you could have some more detail. You could have an even richer user interface. Honestly, the sky's the limit with this. We're just scratching the surface. We only had four people in this team, and and you can just keep on and on going and try different models and see where it takes you. But that's the relatively easy change there is then a harder change for you, which is the real challenge of the week. And here it is. So the thing is that this was all very well, but ultimately it only produced one Python module for the back end code. And then of course front end module to go with it and a test module to go with that. But it was all still very much on rails in that there was just the one, the one module that was already fixed at the beginning. Now, it would be a lot better if your team could build a whole system piece by piece, working on the different classes to build the different modules and then assembling them together. But therein lies a problem, because you would need to have a workflow that's a little bit more interactive in that potentially you'd need to have different classes being created by different agents. Now there's a few ways to do this. One way is, of course, you'll want to use structured outputs as a way to get more clarity from the engineering lead about who's doing what. Use structured outputs as a way to construct the different modules that need to be written. But ultimately, you're probably going to want to call an engineer a certain dynamic number of times. That will depend on how many modules the engineering lead wants to create. So it's not like you're fixed when you write the code that you know exactly how many tasks will be run now. Crew allows you to do that and it makes it quite easy for you. You can create a task object at runtime while it's actually running. You can have a task object, and one of the the fields you can have is have a callback. And actually the callbacks with the agent and the callback can make it create another task. So you can use this approach to build a more dynamic system where the results of completing one thing causes another thing to happen. And so you can assign tasks for each of the modules that need to be built. And that is the challenge for you. Add structured outputs and then add the dynamic creation of tasks so that an entire set of modules can be created, and you can build a whole system and then apply that. And I don't necessarily have a system to be built. You should apply that yourself to your day job. Think of a system that you would like, whether it's building a website, whether it's building an e-commerce platform, whether it's building something to organize medical records, whatever line of business, whatever profession you work in, think about the challenge that you could set your crew and have it be something which which is dynamic and which could involve building an entire system with several modules. And once you've done that, of course, or while you're doing it, you must share your progress. This will be hugely something that that will generate excitement on LinkedIn. So post updates there. Tag me so that I can weigh in and get it more visibility. These are projects that really count, and it really helps you to build and solidify your expertise and demonstrate it to others. Actually, to correct myself there, I was right the first time. If you want to to work with callbacks, then the way you do it is at the task level, not the agent level. And I'm looking right now in the crew docs. At docs. Or just just click on tasks right there. And it's worth looking through this because there's lots of lots of interesting information here that you might want to try out. So the callback you can specify when you create a task, the in the code you would say callback equals. And then the name of a function that should be called back. And that is where you could potentially create a new task. So it talks generally about the fact that you can create tasks from from YAML as we know well. Or you can also do it just by having the full code version of it too. As you can imagine, you can just pass in the description the expected output instead of specifying the YAML config. Then there's a lot of interesting stuff here that's worth taking a quick peek at. There's stuff we know about, but then there's also task guardrails, a analogous concept to what we looked at with OpenAI agents SDK. Using guardrails a way to validate and transform outputs before they're passed to the next task. It looks like it doesn't have the same constraint that OpenAI has that it needs to be input of the very first one, or output of the very last one. You can implement this at any task, it appears. And then there's stuff about how to handle errors with with those guardrails and then structured outputs. We know about that. That is of course using the output pedantic or output JSON is another way of doing it. And now integrating tools with tasks is of course something that we know about. And creating a task with tools is is listed out here, which is. Yes, sorry, that is what we're used to. Again, that is using a tool like the surfer dev tool that we already used, actually, right in there referring to other tasks. The output is automatically related to the next one, but you can define the context that should be used. And and we we did that. There's some stuff on asynchronous execution. You know I remember I said last time I think that we would be using async every single week, and we haven't actually used async this week. We're going to it's going to make a comeback, don't worry. But if you miss it then you can read up around asynchronous execution of your crew tasks here. This then is the callback mechanism. This is where you can implement a callback function. So if you had referred to it like so, then your function will get called subsequently when the task completes. And then there's a more interesting stuff here. And uh, more now on the, uh, the guardrails as well. And there we go. So I, I do encourage you to take a read through this, read a bit more about things like guardrails, which are interesting, and also about using callbacks. And some of this may be helpful when you look to build this more advanced flow. When completing one task can trigger setting dynamically, creating multiple other tasks. And very sadly, that brings our crew week to an end. It's the end of week three, the end of crew week. We've done some great things, so we built some fun projects. The stock picker was was really interesting. You haven't used that for investment decisions, I hope. And the engineering team was just mind blowing. Wow. Um, so I really hope you enjoyed it. I hope you have the same feeling as me about crew. I really love crew. I prefer open agents SDK, but but I love crew too, and I'm excited to now move to a heavier weight framework in the form of Landgraaf for week four. It's going to be great and I will see you then.