One thing we should talk about is Val Kilmer. And Val Key is basically an alternative to Reedus. Open source. And it itself is open source as well. But it's actually a fork of Reedus. It turns out, and there's a few ways you can use Valky. One is through Elastic Cache and Elastic Cache for Valky also supports vector search. That's why Valky is important. So obviously if you're doing generative AI or retrieval, augmented generation or semantic caching, this is yet another option for you for having a vector store to make that work. It is scalable. It supports billions of high dimensional embedding vectors with microsecond latency and a recall rate of greater than 99%. So if you do have high performance and scalability requirements, Elastic Cache with Valky might be an appropriate choice. You can also use Amazon Memorydb as a vector store, also using Valky, and that can also use Redisai. Vector search under the hood as well. You have a choice there with Memorydb. Memorydb, just like it says on the tin is all in memory. That means that it's incredibly fast. It's latency is really, really low, and its throughput is really, really high. So it's all distributed in memory. Can't get much faster than that. It's also distributed across multiple availability zones. Should you need that. And one little detail you might want to know, you can choose between two different vector index algorithms with Memorydb and Valky. One is flat, which is just brute force search. So that will always give you the closest vectors no matter what. But obviously it's very slow because it has to search through every single vector to try to find the closest ones. Or just like OpenSearch does by default, there's an algorithm called hash, and that will just give you an approximation that is usually pretty good, but a whole lot faster. So that's usually what you want to do. HMS is optimized for performance okay. And if you go back to the OpenSearch slides, there's a little bit more depth on how HMS works and how that compares to other algorithms. But when it comes to Memorydb, that's pretty much the only show in town. You have HMS, or you can go flat, which you probably don't want to do if you care at all about performance, right?