So let's talk about the Beanstalk deployment options whenever you're doing an update to your application. So you have several ones, and each of them is going to be described with diagrams in the next few slides, so don't worry about it. But I just wanna give you an overview of what they are before we dive into them. So the first one is all at once, where you deploy all in one go. It's the fastest, but then your instances are going to be down because they will be updating, and so you'll have some downtime. You have rolling, where you update a few instances at a time, and then you move on to the next set of instances, called a bucket, once the first bucket is healthy. You can also do rolling with additional batch. This is just like rolling, but you spin up new instances to update instances over time so that you'll still have the old application available with the same capacity. You have immutable. This is when you have instances in Auto Scaling group. You deploy new instances altogether. You deploy the version to these instances, and then you swipe out all the instances when everything is healthy. You have blue/green, where you create a whole new environment altogether, and then you switch over when ready. And finally, we have traffic splitting. This is for canary testing. Canary testing is when you send a small percentage of the application traffic to a brand new deployment. So all these things, obviously, you're going to learn in the next few slides, so don't worry, this is just an overview, and you'll learn about the diagrams for all of these. So let's talk about all at once. Here is our four EC2 instances, and they all run the version one, which is blue, of our application. Then we are going to do an all at once deployment. So we want deploy v2. And what happens, that first Elastic Beanstalk will just stop the applications on all our EC2 instances. So then I put it as gray, as in they don't run anything. And then we will be running the new V2, because Elastic Beanstalk will deploy V2 to these instances. So what do we notice? Well, it's very quick. It's the fastest deployment. The application, though, has downtime, because you can see in the middle they're all gray, and so they can't serve any traffic. I think it's great for when you have quick iterations and development environments when you wanna deploy your code fast and quickly, and you don't really care about downtime. And finally with this setup, there's no additional cost. Now let's talk about rolling. The application will basically be running below capacity, and we can set how much below we want to set, like running the capacity. So that's called the bucket size. And so let's have a look. We have four instances running v1, and the bucket size will be two for the example. So what happens is that the first two instances will be stopped... Not the instances, sorry, the application on the instances will be stopped, and so they're gray. But we still have the other two instances running v1. So you can see we have maybe half capacity here. Then these first two instances will be updated, so they'll be running v2, and then we will roll on to the next bucket, or to the next batch. And so that's why it's called rolling. As you can see now, the bottom two instances will have their application v1 taken down to some gray, and then updated to v2. And so at the end, we have all the EC2 instances that have been updated to run the v2 application code. So as you can see now, the application, at some point during the deployment, is running both versions simultaneously. And there is no additional cost, okay? You still have the same number of EC2 instances running in your infrastructure. And so if you set a very small bucket size and you have hundreds and hundreds of instances, it may be a very long deployment, okay? Right now, in this example, we have a bucket size of two and four instances, but we can have a bucket size of 2 and 100 instances. It will just take a very long time to upgrade everything. Now, there's an additional mode called rolling with additional batches. And so in this case, the application is not running under capacity, just like before. Before, at some point, we were only running two instances out of four. So that was below capacity. In this mode, we run at capacity, and we can also set the bucket size. And basically our application will still be running both versions simultaneously, but at a small additional cost. That additional batch, that we'll see in a second, will be removed at the end of the deployment. And again, the deployment is going to be long. It's honestly a good way to deal with prod. So let's have a look. We have our four v1 EC2 instances, and the first thing we're going to do is deploy new EC2 instances, and they will have the v2 version on it. So now, from four instances, Elastic Beanstalk automatically created six instances for us, so an additional two. and you can see that the additional two are running, already, the newer version. Now we take the first batch to the first bucket of two and they get stopped, the application gets stopped, and the application gets updated to v2, excellent. Then the process repeats again, just like in rolling. So the application running v1 gets stopped, and then the application is updated to v2. And so at the end, you can see, we have six EC2 instances running v2. And so at the end of it, the additional batch gets terminated and taken away. So why would you do this? Well, now we can see that we are running always at capacity. The lowest number of EC2 instances running the application we have at any time is four. So sometimes we are running at over capacity, obviously, and this is why you have a small additional cost. It's very small, but there is an additional cost. And sometimes the exam asks you, is there an additional cost to this kind of stuff? Then we have immutable type of deployments. And these deployments are also zero downtime, but this time the new code is going to be deployed to new instances. So before, it was on previous instances, now it's deployed on new instances. And where do these instances come from? Well, they come from a temporary ASG. So there's a high cost, you double the capacity because you get a full new ASG, and it's the the longest kind of deployment. As a bonus though, you get a very quick rollback in case of failures, because to just mitigate failure, you just have to terminate. Not you, but Elastic Beanstalk will just terminate the new ASG. So it's a great choice for prod, if you're willing to take a little bit more cost. So here's the idea. We have a current ASG with three applications v1 running on three instances. And then we're going to have a new temporary ASG being created. At first, Beanstalk will launch one instance on it, just to make sure that one works. And if it works and it passes the health checks, it's going to launch all the remaining ones. So right now, three instances. When it's happy, it's going to sort of merge the ASG with a temporary ASG. So it's going to move all the temporary ASG instances to the current ASG. So now, in the current ASG, we have six instances, okay? And when all of this is done and the temporary ASG is empty, then we have the current ASG that will terminate all the v1 applications, while the v2 applications are still there. And then, finally, the temporary ASG will just be removed. Finally, there's something you may hear in the exam or in the white papers, it's called blue/green, and it's not a direct feature of Elastic Beanstalk, but I'll try to give you my best version of it. It's basically a zero downtime, and it helps with the release facility, allows for more testing, et cetera, et cetera. And so the idea is that you wanna deploy a new stage environment. So it's just another Elastic Beanstalk environment, and you'll deploy your new v2 there. So before, all the deployment strategies were within the same environment, here, we create a new environment. And so the new environment stage, or green, can be validated independently in our own time and then roll back if issues. And then we can use something like Route 53, for example, to prevent the traffic from going into the two directions. So we can set up weighted policies and redirect a little bit of traffic to the stage environment so we can test everything. And then when we're happy using the Elastic Beanstalk console, you can swap URLs, when done, with a test environment. So this is not a very direct feature, and it's actually very manual to do. It's not embedded into Elastic Beanstalk, so some documentation will say there is blue/green, some will say it's not there, but overall it's very manual. So just one graph, I try to make it simple. But in the blue environment, running into one Elastic Beanstalk environment, we have all the v1, and then we'll deploy a green environment with all the v2, okay? And they're both running at the same time, just very fine. And then in Route 53 we're going to set up a weighted type of policy to send 90% of the traffic to blue. So just keep most of the traffic going to the instances we know work, and maybe only 10% of the traffic to the green environment, just to test it out and make sure it's working and the users aren't having any problems. And so the web traffic basically gets split 90/10, but it's whatever you want, as far as the weight goes. And so when you're happy where you're testing, when you measured everything you want with your v2 environment and you think you got it, then you basically shut down the blue environment and swipe the URL to make the green be the main environment. So that's it for blue/green, right? And it's pretty complicated, and I think pretty manual, Elastic Beanstalk, but that's the way it is. Another kind of deployment you can do with Elastic Beanstalk is called traffic splitting. And this will be used for canary testing. So if you see canary testing on the exam, think traffic splitting. So what is canary testing? Well, a new application version is going to be deployed to a temporary Auto Scaling group with the same capacity. So we have the main Auto Scaling group and a temporary Auto Scaling group with the same capacity. So three instances in the main one, and three instances in the temp. So it doubles the capacity. And what's going to happen is that a small percentage of the traffic is going to be sent to the temporary ASG for a configurable amount of time. So we have an ALB, and we're going to say, "Okay, 90% of the traffic goes to my main ASG," "while 10% of the traffic goes to my temporary ASG." And all of this is automated. The deployment health of the new temporary ASG is going to be monitored. And in case there is a deployment failure, or there is a metric that goes wrong, this will trigger an automated rollback, which will be very, very quick because the main ASG is already here, and all we have to do to roll back is to stop sending 10% of the traffic to this temporary ASG. So there is no application downtime. And then once everything is stable and correct, then the new instances are going to be migrated from the temporary ASG to the main original ASG. And then the old application version is going to be terminated. So I really like that, because all of this is automated, and this could be a big improvement on top of the blue/green technique that I just described in the previous lecture. So if you wanted to compare all of those, there is this link on the Beanstalk documentation, which shows you the difference between all the deployment methods I just explained. And this is really cool, because it gives you the method name, the impact of a failed deployment, the deploy time, if it's zero down time, if there's a DNS change, what is the rollback process, and where the code is deployed to. So if you understood this lecture, this table should make sense to you. So what I recommend for you is to just explore this link, have a read through, and make sure the table makes sense, because the exam will give you one or two scenario questions around the kind of deployment mechanism for Beanstalk based on the constraints and requirements of the deployment itself. So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it. You should be a deployment expert now, and I will see you in the next lecture.