Okay, so now let's talk about Elastic Beanstalk Extensions. So, when we create a zip file it contains your code that must be deployed to Elastic Beanstalk, but we can also add EB extensions. So, all the parameters that we set in the UI can also be configured with code, using files, and these are the EB extensions. So, the requirements that all these configuration files must be in the .ebextensions/ directory in the root of your source code. Okay, so it has to be in a directory called .ebextensions/. It must be in the YAML or JSON formats. And even though it is in YAML or JSON format, the extension of that file must end with .config. For example, logging.config, okay? It has to end with .config. You are able to modify some defaults using the options_settings document, and we'll see this in a second. And you have the ability to add resources using the EB extensions, such as RDS, ElastiCache, DynamoDB and all the other things that you cannot necessarily set through the Elastic Beanstalk console. So, by the way, anything that is managed by the EB extensions gets deleted if the environment goes away. So that means that if you create, for example, an ElastiCache as part of your Elastic Beanstalk environment and then you delete your Elastic Beanstalk environment, then your ElastiCache will go away as well. So, let's go in the hands-on to see how we can play with these EB extension files. Okay, so here I am in my code directory. And so, I've created a nodejs-v3-ebextensions directory, and within it I created a .ebextensions directory, and placed an environment-variables.config. So, as we can see, this file ends with a .config, and is placed within the .ebextensions directory. And you have to do these two things for it to work. Then the language, I can set it to YAML, to show you some proper formatting. So, even though it's a .config file we can have a YMAL formatting. And so, what did I say? This is all the stuff I already told you. And so here we set option_settings, and I have the documentation reference for this option settings. So, here we set the AWS Elastic Beanstalk application environment variables, and here we can define the environment variables. We can have the DB_URL to be equal to this URL, and the DB_USER to have, for example, the value of username. So, here it's just an example. We're not using these in our application, but if we wanted to connect, for example, to an external RDS database, maybe a Postgres RDS database, then we will need to set up environment variables, and we will set up this way, with an ebextension, and we'll define the value of these right here. So, this is good. So, what I've done is that I've already zipped this into the nodejs-V3-ebextensions.zip file. So, let's go into our dev environment, because this is going to be faster to perform an update there. We're going to upload and deploy, and this time I will choose my nodejs-V3-ebextension and the version it was going to be, MyApplication-EBExtensionsDemo, and click on Deploy. And so, this new version is going to be deployed directly to my single EC2 instance, which should be rather quick, but I'm going to pause the video until this is done. So, my environment update is now done. And let's verify that the EBextensions file have been applied. For this, let's go into Configuration, you scroll down, and then here under Environment properties, we can find the DB_URL and DB_USER that have been set directly, not from me in the console, but from the files deployed as part of this application version. So, we can really start to see the power of the EB files, the EB config files of the EB extensions. So, I hope that makes sense for you, and we just crashed the surface, but that's enough for the exam. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.