An important tool for preparing for the exam is the exam guide from AWS. So let me show you how to get to that and kind of go through it a little bit quickly here. So if you go to the main web page for the exam on AWS, scroll down. Eventually you should see a link to the actual exam guide. There it is, and I've already downloaded it here. So let's kind of go through what's in there. So it starts off kind of saying at a high level what this thing is testing you for and who the target candidate is. If you've gotten this far in the course, then I hope you've already decided that this actually is a test for you. But if you go down, it gives you more specific information about what to expect on the exam, which is very important, right? Also interesting here is the job tasks that are out of scope for the target candidate. So kind of the difference between an associate level and a specialty or professional level exam is that it's not really getting into designing larger systems. It's more about the details of the components. So it says you don't necessarily need to be an expert in designing and architecting full end to end ML solutions, although certainly an ability to do that will be helpful. Understanding how these pieces fit together tells you what to expect on the exam itself. And this is new. So with the ML Engineering Associate exam, this is when they rolled out these new question types for ordering, matching and case study. And I'm going to talk about that in more detail in a couple of lectures from now. So do be prepared, even though there's still a lot of the old school multiple choice and multiple response question types. There are these new ones as well, so make sure you've gotten some practice with that. If you're using the official practice test from AWS, it does have some of those new question types peppered in there. So do make sure to take advantage of that. A lot of existing third party training platforms out there cannot support these new question types yet. So the only way to get practice with these is by using the AWS Practice Test. As of this recording, a little note on the beta exam, some of that will be unscored. So there are some questions that are just trying out as an experiment that won't affect your score. You don't know which ones they are, unfortunately, and it just tells you what to expect on the results. A passing score for this exam is considered 720, so don't freak out. Even if you feel like you're only getting like a C minus on the exam, that's still a passing score. It's ultimately just a pass or fail. Then it gets into the actual content that's in the exam and it says there are four main domains. So data preparation for machine learning, Machine learning. Model development. Deployment and orchestration of ML workflows. ML solution monitoring, maintenance and security. And this should all sound very familiar because these are all explicit sections in the course that we talked about in depth. Right. There's a reason for that. We worked backwards from this exam guide to develop the curriculum for this course. And you can see that these are spread out pretty evenly. So 28% for one, 26 for the other, 22 for another, 24 for another. Pretty much an even spread between these domains throughout the exam. So they're all more or less equally important to understand. So if you are feeling a less proficient in one of these domains, definitely go brush up on it because it's going to count. And then it gets into more detail about what's actually going to be tested within each domain. And again, we've worked backwards from this guide for this course. So all of this stuff should be in the course somewhere. But sometimes there might be even more depth than we provided. So it's a good idea to dig into the official documentation if you're not feeling like an expert on some of these systems. And I'm not going to go through these because that would take a very long time. But again, I encourage you to read through this and just sort of use this as a way of reviewing your own knowledge, if I don't really remember what Amazon FSX for NetApp is, maybe I should go back and refresh myself on that. So just a good last minute tool here to kind of review your learning and make sure that you've got a good understanding of everything that you can expect to be on the exam. Not everything that's listed here will actually be on the exam. It's just saying what might be on it. So, you know, it's a long list of stuff. They can't fit it all into one exam, but it's all fair game. So it's a good idea to make sure you understand everything that's being discussed here. Once we get through all these task statements and the details of what they're going to test on it, which goes on for quite a while, we end up in the appendix. And this is also a cool resource. It tells you what specific services you might need to know about. So if the associate level, a lot of the questions are going to be about the properties of this service, how do I use the service? What is this service for? How do I configure this service. Right. So good to go through these and make sure you at least understand what they all do. We did not cover all of these services in depth because if they weren't mentioned in the task descriptions above, I didn't get into them too much like you can assume. In that case, you just need to know what they are and what they do. So for example, Amazon Lambda, you know, you don't necessarily need to know the inner workings of Lambda for this exam, but you should at least know what it does. So you know that it's a service for running code in a serverless environment. Right. So at least make sure you know what these services do. At a minimum, if I didn't cover them in the course, there's a reason for that. It's because they weren't covered above in the actual task descriptions. But at least be familiar with these terms and know what they're for. They might show up in the form of distractors, for example. So you might have a list of services to choose from to solve a specific problem. Maybe some of the distractors, the ones that are incorrect might be from this list. So just make sure you know what they are so you don't get thrown for a loop, right? Most of them though, we did cover in depth, and furthermore there are services that are out of scope, so you don't need to know about these ones. It's good to know. That's why we didn't cover them long list. They're not too surprising because there's a lot of Amazon services and that's pretty much it. That's the exam guide. So again useful to go through this before you take the exam. Just as sort of a last check of your knowledge and an opportunity to go back and fill in any gaps in your knowledge and review things that might be on the exam guide that you kind of forgot about.