In addition to this course, there are more ways to prepare for the exam, which I encourage you to do. You know, don't put all your eggs in one basket, right? So AWS Skill Builder has a whole suite of resources for you as well. A lot of their training materials are going to be redone with what you learned in this course, but can't hurt to reinforce it. They do have some training materials there for you to use. Um, odds are the free resources they offer are sufficient, so they do have a enhanced exam prep plan that you can pay for that has deeper training material. You can do that if you want to. It does have a cool things like game based learning and experiential learning and stuff like that. So if you do have time for that at present, that's a 41 hour long learning path. So if you got the time to go through that, you'll definitely learn more that way. But if your purpose is just to pass the exam, the free standard exam prep plan is probably enough. The important thing is that that includes a 20 question practice test. And because this exams got a few new exam question types that we're going to talk about shortly that might be your only real option for getting a realistic experience for practicing with the exam itself. So you definitely want to go take advantage of that. So head on over to AWS Skill Builder, sign in and take advantage of that standard exam prep plan, which includes that practice question set. You definitely want to do that link here if you want to get to it. Um, but you know, Google will find that for you as well. Once you get into those practice exams, they're a little bit hard to find. So eventually in Skill Builder, you'll find this associate official practice question set. And it looks like this. You got to click on that see more link to actually get to the practice test itself. So if you're kind of confused about the navigation here, that's how you get to the actual practice exams. I would also recommend going through the SageMaker development guide in depth. Um, most of this test is about SageMaker, so there's a lot of information. It's a huge ecosystem. Reviewing the official documentation is a great idea, especially if there's new things that come up that I did not cover in this course. So a little link there for you to get to it. Or just search for SageMaker Developer Developer Guide. Google is your friend, but definitely good to review that ahead of the exam. Also, we already went through Amazon's exam guide, but here's a link to it. Again, definitely good to review this and sort of do a little mental inventory of hey, do I understand all these things that it lists and calls out, do I know about the basics of all of these different services that I need to know about? Keep in mind, not every service that's listed as being in scope for the exam is something you need to know about in depth. You know, I wouldn't expect you to have to know about the inner workings of Lambda, for example. You just need to know what it's for. That's why we didn't cover it in this this course. I mean, as long as, you know, if you need to run some code in a serverless setting, Lambda is a tool to use for that. That's probably enough, right? But yeah, definitely review that before the exam as well. Just as a last check to make sure you know what to expect on the exam. And again, Amazon does have larger learning paths available here. Here's a link to that as well. This just summarizes the different courses that they offer. And again we will have covered the important ones as part of this course as well. But if you want to reinforce that further it's free. So why not? I would also consider taking the certified AI practitioner exam first. It's a much easier exam, but it covers a lot of the foundational details, like what the different services are for, how bedrock works, how to put these things together. So it would be a more natural progression to go from the foundation level exam on AI to this much more complex exam. So you could go the other way too, and kind of use this as an easy win after passing the machine learning engineer exam, but might be a good idea to start off with AI practitioner. Just be aware the complexity of the questions you're going to get on the associate level exam are an order of magnitude greater than what you're going to see on the foundational practitioner exam.