All right. So if you're taking this like in late 2024 or early 2025, you might be surprised to learn that there are some brand new question types that are being rolled out with this exam. Both the AI practitioner exam and the new Machine Learning Engineer Associate exam are going to have three new question types we've never seen before on AWS certification exam. So this might throw you for a loop. Be ready for it. Now the old question types are still there and they're still predominant. So we still have multiple choice questions where you have one correct answer out of four choices. And we still have multiple response questions where there might be two or more correct answers to choose from out of five or more choices with a multiple response question. By the way, there's no partial credit. You have to identify all of the correct answers. It's all or nothing if you want credit for that question. However, there's three new ones being introduced with this exam. There's an ordering question type that requires you to choose the correct 3 to 5 responses and place them in the correct order. So not only do you need to select the correct steps to solve some problem, you need to put those steps in the correct order as well. And again, there's no partial credit. You have to choose the right responses and get them in the right order to get credit for that question at all. There's also a new matching question type that allows you to match responses to 3 to 7 different prompts. Again, there's no partial credit for that. So you got to get them all right for that to count. And there's also a case study question type. This one I like because it reuses the same scenario across two or more questions. So it's kind of like multiple choice except that it's reusing that same scenario across more than one question. So in previous certification exams you spent most of your time just kind of wrapping your head around the case study that the question was about. Right. So this means that you can save some of that time by using that same scenario across more than one question. So you just have to understand the scenario once, and you can reuse that in your brain across multiple questions, which is kind of a nice thing. In that case, each question is evaluated separately. They count as individual questions even though they share that same scenario. So, you know, it's kind of a way of getting partial credit, but it's really just multiple questions that have the same context. What does this actually look like. So this is what an ordering question might look like. This comes from the AWS blog where they announced all these changes. So you see here we're given a list of steps to achieve some goal, in this case encrypting a Amazon RDS database. And you need to choose the correct steps and put them in the right order. So that's step one. Drop down will have a list of all of those choices above. You got to pick the right one that comes first, the right one that comes second and the right one that comes third. And again, you got to get all three of those right and in the right order for that question to count as correct. You will also see matching question types and kind of interesting right. So in this case you have to match these statements with the correct choice. In this example here we have two different S3 storage classes. And you have to fit these into sentences that describe when to use each one. So application logs are retrieved daily. For analysis. You'd have a drop down to let you choose from S3, glacier flexible retrieval or S3 standard, and so on and so forth. And again this counts as one question. So you got to get all four of those right in this example to get credit for that question. Kind of tough. But at least it's pretty quick. And finally we have case studies. So in this case we are recycling a scenario across more than one question. Here we have the case study that's broken out into its own little section here where we describe the scenario a company is migrating an e-commerce application to AWS. Whatever it is. Question one of two. Here's a multiple selection question. Based on that scenario, question two of two might be a multiple choice question. There might be more than two. Even so, again, not too tough to wrap your head around this one. It's just recycling that same scenario across multiple questions, which will save you a little bit of mental energy. That's a good thing.