Hello and welcome to this lecture, AWS Config. So we already saw a couple of AWS management and governance services including AWS cloud formation and AWS service catalog. Now the purpose of cloud formation and service catalog is to provision the AWS resources, that means the infrastructure for your solution. And then once that is done, probably you don't need to then look at AWS cloud formation again. Now, what if you have a lot of resources created either through AWS cloud formation automatically or manually created resources are there in your AWS account and you want to know exact state of your resources, and then what changes have been made to these resources over the time? Now this is typically required for, again, maybe for audit purpose or something went bad with your AWS account, somebody deleted something and you want to find out the root cause or probably who did that from where the API call was made. So if you really look at this problem, there are multiple services involved. First of all you should know exactly which resources were deleted and when, and then who deleted that resource. So if you know already, AWS cloud is really the service which logs every API call that you make, right? But then there should be a service which really looks at all these things and then can give you a bit of view of what happened to a particular resource over the time. And that's what exactly AWS conflict does. So AWS config is all about tracking the state change of your AWS resources. Just an example here, you have VPC and a lot of components provision in your AWS account. Like VPCs, NAT gateways, EC2 machine, databases, security group, flow logs, route tables, a lot of things, right? And what you can do then is you can enable the AWS config for these resources. And once you enable the config, then config would make sure that it is tracking the changes happening to these resources. And you can enable and disable the tracking for individual resources or you can just enable it for an entire AWS account. So for example, there is a user now who goes and changes something into your security group, maybe user adds port 80 in your security group. Now your security policy says that port 80 should never be opened, right? Now, how do you detect that? So AWS conflict can also help you detect this kind of deviation from your standard practices. So you could have a desired configuration. In AWS conflict terms it is called rule. So rule will check, are there any security group which has a port 80 open? And this rule will be run across all the security groups in your account. And if there are no security group which has this kind of port open, it will say that your configurations look okay, but in case it finds some security groups which are deviating from the standard configuration, then it'll raise an alert. Now this alert can then further be seen through SNS or it can be fetched to an API call for AWS config, can be shown in the dashboard, it can go as a cloud watch event. And then cloud watch even can then further trigger further action, the chain of lambdas or this event can also be stored in S3 bucket, and then it can be evaluated further. So what you do with that event is a different thing, but ultimately AWS conflict can run those kind of desired configuration rules on your existing resource state and then it'll tell you if there is any problem with that. So in short, AWS config does track the changes for configuration happening to the infrastructure. And when to apply this rule, that means when to run this rule can be trigger on some action or it could be periodic. You may want to have like every six, I'll say, run this kind of rules so that it'll scan all my AWS resources and tell me whether the rules are compliant or not. And there are already 280 plus predefined rules out there. So AWS is coming up with managed rules so that you don't have to reinvent the wheel and rewrite the rules. These are some standard predefine rules. You can either use that or you can also write your own custom rules. And for that, you have to write a lambda function. So that's what you can do with AWS config. So I hope the overview of AWS config is clear, why it is used and what it exactly does. Now, there is one more thing to AWS conflict, that is auto remediation or manual remediation. What it means that if any rule fails, you could also trigger an action. Typically it is done through AWS systems manager, right? So you can write SSM documents. SSM documents are systems manager document. That means it's kind of script that you can write. Like for Linux based machine, it could be a shell script, for a Windows based machine, it could be a power shell script. But ultimately, when some rule fail, you can trigger that auto remediation and then this SSM document will go and fix that problem. Now, SSM document can do anything. You can make an API call through an SSM document which then ultimately fix that security group if somebody accidentally opens port 80 or if there is an EC2 instance which is using an AMI which is not approved AMI, then you could write an action like delete that EC2 instance all together. So all that can be done using auto remediation or manual remediation in AWS config. So if you look at any compliance of a resource over time, AWS config will give you that view. Like at certain day, the resource was compliant but then it became non-compliant and then again it became compliant because some rule was triggered and then auto remediation was triggered. Similarly, you can view the configuration of resource over the time. So you can really see at what time, what changed and who did that change. All that can be captured into the AWS conflict dashboard itself. So this is a screenshot for AWS security group changes. Likewise, you can monitor all your resources. Now you can also see AWS CloudTrail API which made that change so that you can trace on who was the user who made that API call. So in summary, AWS config is a service which helps you record the configuration and changes over the time. And remember that AWS config does not prevent actions from happening. That means it doesn't say that do not allow adding port 80 to the security group, it can't do that because it's a reactive action, right? After somebody adds that rule, then AWS config rule can be triggered or it can be set in a periodic manner. And then it'll detect that your security group is deviating from the defined rule. So config can't really help prevent actions. Now, the questions that can be solved by AWS config, here are a few examples. Is there unrestricted access to my security group? Are my buckets public? Or has my ALB configuration changed over time? If these are the questions that you want to answer, then AWS config should be used. You can also write custom rules that we have seen. And for that, you would have to define the lambda functions. Like for example, evaluate if each EBS disc is of type gp2 or evaluate if EC2 instance is t2micro, if instance is not t2micro maybe or to terminate that instance. Now finally, AWS conflict is a regional service. That means it is enabled for the resources in a given region, but then all the data it collects around the state of those resources can be aggregated across multiple region and multiple accounts. And that becomes inventory of your AWS resources state basically. So it's kind of CMDB you can call. If you heard that term, configuration management database of your infrastructure. So that's it about AWS conflict service. And this is again, a good tool to experiment with, it's more aligned to the DevOps again, but important if you want to really track changes, what's happening into your AWS networking space as well, right? If somebody changes some roots into your root table, then you can go back to the AWS conflict service and check what happened at what time and who did that. So that's about AWS config. Thanks for watching.