Okay, so let's actually deploy a custom resource. But first, let's understand how it works to use custom resources. So, we are going to develop a template that has a custom resource, and we can choose either Lambda or Amazon SNS to back up that custom resource. Now, when we have a Lambda or Amazon SNS backed resource, what's going to happen is that CloudFormation will send an S3 pre-signed URL for a response. And the idea is that CloudFormation expect the response to comes back from an Amazon S3 bucket. So, Lambda or SNS don't talk back directly to CloudFormation. They actually perform whatever API calls you want. And then when they're done, they're going to upload the JSON response to Amazon S3 using that S3 pre-signed URL. So, there's gonna be a request that will contain a lot of information from CloudFormation, such as the parameters and so on, and the S3 pre-signed URL. And then using that pre-signed URL Lambda or whatever script you have, is able to upload that response into Amazon S3. So, now we know we cannot delete a non-empty S3 bucket. So first, we must delete all the objects inside it. And so for this, we're going to create a custom resource with a Lambda function that will be used to empty an S3 bucket before deleting it. So, we'll have a stack and the Lambda function, we'll empty the bucket upon deleting it. So, let's go ahead and create our first custom resource and look at some code. So, here is my template. We have an S3 bucket that we're creating, and then it's going to be created as a resource. We referenced the name of the S3 bucket from the parameter, and we want it to be deleted when my template is deleted. Now we're going to create a custom resource, so, "Custom::S3fCustomResource", in which the service token is going to be where we send the custom request to. So it's going to be my LambdaFunction.ARN, and we create the Lambda function right underneath. And of course, we need to reference a bucket name, which is an initial parameter when invoking our Lambda function to tell our Lambda function which bucket to delete. So, it's my sample S3 bucket. Now, my Lambda function is used to empty an S3 buckets. So we have runtime, which is Python, a role, which allows the lender function to actually, empty the S3 buckets. Then we have some code. And the important thing is that we have a handler. We look at the request type, and we look at the parameters from CloudFormation. So, if the event is going to be delete, then we delete the S3 content. And these are API calls to actually delete all the objects in the bucket. When everything is okay, we send a response back to CloudFormation. The CFN response package actually uploads the request back into the temporary S3 bucket where CloudFormation expects a response from. And if it's not a delete event, then we just ignore it. So, this script will actually empty our S3 bucket upon receiving a delete request in confirmation. Now, we also have an execution role, which allows us to perform actions on Lambda, such as your logs, but also to delete objects and list your buckets on Amazon S3 to give our Lambda function the permission it needs to actually delete everything it needs on that Sample S3 buckets. So, we have our template. Now, let's upload it. So, let's create a stack. We're going to upload the template file, and it's going to be our custom resource Lambda backed. We need to give "DemoEmptyS3Bucket", and a bucket name. So, let's answer whatever bucket name you want. Something that is going to be globally unique. I just entered whatever next. And then, we acknowledge that we're going to create IAM roles. So yes, we submit it and we're good. So now, this is going to create an S3 bucket. So, I need to go into Amazon S3, and actually I will have a resource link right here. And this is my S3 bucket. So, let's actually make sure that this bucket has something in it. So let's add a file, and I'm going to add a few files for my course, and upload it. So now, my S3 bucket is non-empty. So, we have three files within it. And if I tried to delete it through CloudFormation without a custom resource, this would fail because the bucket is non- empty. This is just a safety that CloudFormation has created, right? But because we have a Lambda function, that Lambda function will be able to empty our bucket. So, let's wait for the Lambda function to be created, and then we'll observe the behavior. Okay, so my Lambda function is created. I can have a look at it. Here it is. It was created by CloudFormation. And we can have a look at the source code. Again, it's a bit easier to read now. But we have, if the event equals delete, then delete all the S3 contents, and then send, okay, back to CloudFormation. So, well, let's just try it out and see if that works. So, I'm taking my stack right now, which is in Create_Complete, and I'm going to delete it entirely. And what's going to happen is that my Lambda function will be invoked, and then this code will run. The S3 bucket will be emptied, and then the S3 bucket can be deleted by CloudFormation. So, the key here is that this CFN response module is a module that's going to help you in sending responses to CloudFormation instead of writing your own code. So, this module is going to be responsible for actually sending responses back to the temporary S3 bucket that CloudFormation is doing. So just to have a look, let's monitor in CloudWatch Logs, the logs, just to have a trace of what was being run. So, here is my log stream. And as you can see now, we had to create events. So, nothing happened and the execution was successful. And we can have a look at the pre-signed URL and the response body that was sent by your Lambda function. And then, we had the delete event. So, this is when we deleted our CloudFormation stack. Now, we deleted all the S3 content. The execution was successful, so my bucket was completely emptied. If I refresh this, it's empty, but now my bucket is gone anyways, so that's why I get an error. And then, we had a pre-signed URL to send the response to. Then here was the response body. It was a success and it was sent to this pre-signed URL. So therefore, if I go into CloudFormation and have a look at it, my custom resource was delete complete. Then my Lambda function was deleted, and then my S3 bucket was deleted. And the deletion of everything was successful. And that really shows you the power of customer resources. I don't wanna go too much over the code because it's not that important, but for you to understand the general idea is what matters. So, have a look at these logs. Try to make sense of it, if you didn't get it. But, by looking at it, I'm pretty sure you will figure it out. All right, so that's it for my lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.