The first one that I want to talk about is calculating puts. Now, of course, a put is referring to the http verb of put meaning. We're going to put or upload data to Amazon S3. Now Amazon is going to charge you $0.005 per 1000 requests for any put copy post or list requests on Amazon S3 Standard. Now you may get different prices depending on the storage class, but I use Amazon S3 Standard as the baseline here, so you can kind of understand that. So what we're going to do is we're going to calculate our puts. So for example, we have 40 gig of data that consists of 5000 files. So if we have 5000 files and we want to upload all 5000 of those files, well that's going to be 5000 puts or copies or posts because we need to upload each one of those individual files and ultimately that becomes an object inside of our S3 bucket. So to calculate that we have 5000 divided by 1000. So we have 5000 files, which is 5000 puts and we're going to charge per 1000 puts. So we just do 5000 divided by 1000, which is five. And then we're going to multiply that by the cost per 1000 requests on S3 standard, which is 0.005. And that ultimately is going to lead to a upfront cost of just about two and a half cents. So that's going to be our cost to upload our 5000 files. Now keep in mind, this is in addition to what Amazon S3 is going to charge us for the data storage of these 5000 files. That's that 40 gig of data that we're storing. We also now have to calculate our puts to understand how much it's going to cost to actually upload this stuff. So that's an easy way to determine how much is going to cost for puts. Now if we calculate our gets. So if we have that same 40 gig of data, but maybe it's requested 1 million times a month, maybe it's part of a website where people download it or something like that. Maybe it's a TikTok, maybe it's a YouTube video that people are accessing and watching on their mobile phone. So Amazon is going to charge us $0.0004 per 1000 requests. And so in this case, we have 1 million requests. It's access 1 million times. We're going to divide that by that 1000. That's how Amazon charges us. And ultimately we're going to times that by the cost and get our total monthly cost here. So if you look at the bottom, we have 1 million say app requests on the left. We divide that by 1000 and then we're going to times that by the cost per 1000 request. And ultimately this is going to be $0.40. Doesn't seem like a whole lot. But again, these are the other charges that you need to be aware of when you're working with Amazon. S3 So that's puts and then we have gets here. So let's talk about life cycle transition requests. Amazon S3 charges us a small fee for requests to a different storage class during our life cycle transitions. So we have life cycle rules that are moving data around forests. Well, AWS is going to charge us for that. So for every 1000 requests that you have, Amazon charges us one penny. So for example, down here at the bottom, we've got our user, our user may be uploads or writes data or objects to Amazon S3 Standard. We're going to get charged for the puts that we just talked about before. But now if we have a rule that says, okay, I want to move things 90 days later to a and then we have another rule that says, okay, now I want to move those files to Glacier in 180 days and then ultimately three years down the road, we're going to delete it. Well, Amazon's going to charge us for those life cycle transitions, and each file that gets moved is a request. So if we have for every 1000 files or requests, Amazon is going to charge us that one penny. So just something else to keep in mind. So if we have a lot of life cycle rules or a lot of transitions in the place where we're moving data down to other tiers, quite often we may see an impact on our S3 bill here. Let's move over to data retrieval requests. So we talked about that before, but objects stored in certain classes will incur a charge for data retrieval, and these include S3 Standard IA, S3, one Zone iAa, and of course, our Glacier family of storage classes, instant retrieval, flexible retrieval and deep archive. So if we do pull data out of these storage classes, we will have to pay for the data retrieval requests. Now these can vary depending on how fast you need your data. Similar to our analogy before, if I need to ship a package, the faster it needs to get their UPS, Fedex, DHL, they're going to charge me more money. The faster that you need to pull your data out of any of these storage classes, AWS is going to charge you more money. The slower you need it, the less they're going to charge you. So keep that in mind. So let's take a look at the pricing here. Again, these are current as of today, S3 standard, infrequent access, a penny per gig to pull it out. Same thing for one zone IA and then glacier instant retrieval. You can see it's a little bit more. We have $0.03 per gig when we pull data out of instant retrieval. Now for Glacier flexible retrieval, we have different price models depending on how fast we're going to pull our data out of glacier flexible retrieval. You see, we have three options. We have expedited standard and bulk. So we need to pull our data out really, really fast from flexible retrieval. They're going to charge us just over $0.03 per gig plus a $12 flat fee, and that's per 1000 requests for standard, which is a little bit slower. So naturally we're going to pay a little bit less here. We're going to have just over a penny per 1000 requests plus $0.06 and then bulk. So if you want to pull data out of glacier flexible retrieval and you choose bulk, which can take a while to get your data, well, they don't actually charge for that. If you don't need your data immediately, well, choose bulk and you can save on those retrieval fees. Now, if you look at deep archive here, so we have two options, two speeds, if you will, to pull data out of Glacier deep archive. We have standard which is just about two and a half cents per thousand requests plus $0.12. And then we have bulk. You can see it's considerably cheaper. It's half of a penny plus $0.03 per 1000 requests. So again, I told you it can be kind of complex when you start thinking about other costs in regards to Amazon S3 When you start actually moving data around, retrieving data, life cycle transitions gets puts, all those kind of things. There's a lot more to it than just storage. So when you do retrieve data from Amazon S3, what's going to happen is it's actually going to copy that data from the existing storage class that it's stored in. It's going to copy that over to Amazon S3 Standard for you so you can quickly access it. Now, keep in mind that when you do restore this archived object, you are going to pay for both the archive and the copy that you restored temporarily. If you restore data, then it's going to copy it to S3 You're still going to pay for that data stored in the archive or instant retrieval. But now, since you've created an object in Amazon S3 Standard, you're also going to pay for that object as well. If you are going to restore data there, then you need to go ahead and delete that data after it's being used so you don't actually pay for it twice.