All right. Welcome to this demonstration of the AWS pricing calculator. So in Chrome here, I've gone to calculator dot AWS and you can see we're presented with the screen where we can go ahead and start creating an estimate. So I'm going to go ahead and click on this Create estimate button in yellow. So what we can do is start adding different services to our estimate to understand how much is going to cost. So the first thing I'm going to do is select on search for all services. On the right, I'm going to click down here, I'm going to type in S three. Now I can scroll down here and find Amazon Simple Storage Service and I'm going to click on configure here. All right. So now what we can do is start configuring our estimate related to Amazon S3. All right, Maybe we have a particular workload that we want to figure out how much that's going to cost. So up here, maybe we can type in data analytics. Application and then we can choose a location. So in this case, us East two, which is Ohio, is selected. And of course you can choose whatever region is closest to you. Scroll down a little bit more and now we can select the storage class and other features that we want to include in this estimate. So in this case, maybe since it's a data analytics application, we want the highest performance. So we're going to leave S3 standard in play. So I'm going to scroll down a little bit more and now we're going to provide information about our data. So we have S3 standard storage. How much data are we going to put inside of our bucket, let's say, for example, 60TB. So we're going to type in 60 here and go over here and drop in terabyte per month. Now, immediately, if you look down here at the bottom, you have a total monthly cost. You can see that monthly it's going to cost us $1,402.88 per month to store 60TB in S3 Standard. Now, there's a little bit more to pricing here. Right now. We find how much data is going to be moved into S3 Standard. Is the data already in S3 or are we going to have to move it? So if we're going to use put copy post requests, we're going to choose that, right? We're going to upload our data into S3 because it does not yet exist. Then we're presented with this. How big is the average object size? Is it 16 Meg? Is it bigger? Is it smaller? You would select that based upon your average object size, right? In order to get an estimate, if you don't know it, you may need to either just leave the defaults or perform some calculations on your data. Say, for example, ours is 100 Meg per file, so you get an estimate down here, your total upfront cost of how much it would cost for all those puts into S3. Now how often are you going to update or put additional storage into your S3 bucket if you're only going to put this data up there one time and then consume it frequently, maybe not update it, you can just leave this as zero. How often are you going to get this data? Okay, maybe this data analytics is really important to our organization and we're going to run a number of calculations against it. So let's say 500,000 times we're going to perform, gets or selects against this data. So how much data is going to be turned by S3 select or data scanned by S3 Select? We're going to leave that blank for now. As we continue down, we can see we have additional costs around data transfer, inbound data transfer, right? We already know the inbound is free to AWS. If you look at this, we have internet free and all other regions is free. However, outbound data transfer does cost us money. So if you're going to transfer data outside of our bucket, you can also add that to your estimate. So we're going to leave that blank right now. And at the bottom right, I'm going to click on Save and View Summary. So now, based upon what we just added, our total yearly cost for storing 60TB in S3 standard may be $16,840. And you can see that broken down as a monthly cost of $1,403. Now, if you scroll down, you can see the estimates that we've added to our summary here. We've got one estimate and we've added 60TB of S3 standard storage. Maybe we've got another workload where we need to store, I don't know, 100TB in something like deep archive. So we can click on Add service again, we can find S3 and we're going to go through the same process, configure, and this time, instead of choosing S3 Standard, we're going to go over here and choose S3 Glacier Deep Archive. Now, I will go up and we'll select a description on this. Maybe this is going to be archival data for data analytics team. All right. So this is going to be archival data. Again, we've selected our deep archive here. Now we're going to add 100TB to our deep archive to get an understanding on how much that's going to cost. And for now, we're just going to leave everything else as blank. All right, So I'm going to click on Save and View Summary. So now you can see our total yearly costs went up a little bit to $18,072. If you scroll down, you can see where that's broken down. The first one is where we added 60TB into S3 Standard, which is right here. And the second estimate is where we added 100TB into S3 Glacier. Deep archive, right? You can even see my descriptions right here. So again, if you need to understand how much it's going to cost in order to store your data in S3, this is a great way to go ahead and get an estimate. Now, keep in mind that unless you are very specific about your data transfers and your object sizes and all that stuff, this is an estimate, right? It's not going to be exactly this much, but at least you can get an understanding and an idea of what you're going to be charged each month for storing the amount of data that you think you're going to use. All right. So that's it for the cost calculator. Hopefully you better understand how to use this and how to get an estimate on your data storage for S3.