Hi, welcome to this section that is VPC traffic monitoring, troubleshooting and analysis. And in your exam, you may expect some questions around this because network troubleshooting and monitoring is also an important topic. So as of today, there are lot of tools in AWS which can help you to monitor your traffic and also troubleshoot the networking issues. So let's talk about some of the services which are important to cover here. So in this section, we will cover VPC traffic monitoring. So for that the basic tool that AWS provide is VPC flow logs. That means you can capture all the network traffic packets which are hitting to your VPCs or Subnet or at the ENI level. So we will see how to use VPC flow logs and how to analyze those logs. And then I have also provided list of some other third party tools which you can use for traffic monitoring. Then second is VPC traffic Mirroring. Now this is for live inspection of the traffic as it enters or leaves the VPC. So what basically you can do is as the traffic is flowing in and out of your elastic network interfaces, you can mirror the traffic. That means you can duplicate this traffic and send the same packets to some destination. And then there you could have some security appliances which can monitor this traffic in real time. So again, we will see how to set up this traffic Mirroring and what kind of source and destination you can use. And then further, there are two additional services which AWS launched in around 2022 which are around network traffic analysis. Now, here you don't actually send the traffic to analyze your network. But rather you look at the your network configuration and based on the configuration, you can find out whether you will be able to reach from your source to the destination. And that's where the VPC reachability analyzer can help you detect such issues in your network. And then there is a network access analyzer. This is more for the security compliance. For example, network access analyzer can tell you that these are the AWS resources in your VPC which can still be accessed over the internet. And if you don't want that, then you would have to go and modify the corresponding routes and make sure that these are private resources. So this kind of, you know, compliance check can be done using the network access analyzer. And in this section, I'm going to cover both these services in the detail. And I'm also going to walk you through some use cases around how to implement these. And going forward. If AWS launches more services in this space, then I will add it in the same section. So with that, let's get into this section. Thank you.