Hello and welcome to this lecture, VPC traffic monitoring with VPC flow logs. Now, in this section introduction lecture, we talked about various tools which you can use for traffic monitoring, troubleshooting and analysis. And out of those VPC flow logs is one of such IAMportant feature. So let's talk about what is VPC flow logs and then how to use it? So in a sIAMple term, VPC flow logs allow you to capture the information about the IP traffic that is going in and out of your ENIs are elastic network interfaces. And these VPC flow logs you can enable at the VPC level at the Subnet level or individual ENI level, which means if you enable the flow logs at the VPC level, then the flow logs will be enabled for all the ENIs in that VPC. Now, what's the purpose of VPC flow logs? So typically it is used to monitor and troubleshoot any connectivity issues. For example, you are not able to reach to particular EC2 instance, which means all your connections request are rejected. Now, in that case, you can go and check the VPC flow logs and see which ENI is denying that traffic. And then of course, you can check the security group roles or NACL roles and fix that connectivity problem. Another use case is to see if any malicious IPs are trying to access your IP addresses. And in that case, you can also perform analysis like this is my ENI or this is my IP address and show me how many requests has hit this IP address. And if you know the malicious IPs, then you can also filter those results using that malicious IP as a source IP. So a lot of such analysis you can do once you capture this VPC flow logs. And later in this lecture, we will see some of these scenarios. Now when we enable the VPC flow logs, they are not only enabled for the EC2 ENIs, but they are also enabled for the ENI which are created by AWS services. For example, you know that when you use AWS services like elastic Load-Balancer or RDS databases or Amazon workspaces or NAT gateways, they also create the ENI into your VPC. So flow log will also capture the logs from these ENIs. And finally, one IAMportant thing to know is that enabling the flow logs doesn't IAMpact your ENI's network performance. So do not worry about that. OK. With that, let's see how to publish the VPC flow logs. So if you have VPC and multiple subnets and then multiple EC2 machines, of course, EC2 will have the ENIs and there could be other networking components like load balancers or NAT gateways, which also has ENIs inside your VPC VPC flow logs can then be sent to different systems and can be analyzed in different ways. Now, in this lecture, we will particularly focus on delivering the flow logs to the cloudwatch and then we will analyze that using the Cloudwatch logs insights. OK. So when you enable the flow logs, then they have a particular format. Now that's called a default format of the VPC flow logs. And that format looks something like this. And we will shortly talk about this format. But the default log format for the VPC flow log is version 2. But since then, AWS has launched new versions of VPC flow logs. So currently up to version 5 are supported and accordingly VPC flow logs can have different fields depending on which version of VPC flow log you are using. So this format, what you see here is the version 2 format. Now this is a sample flow log. And if you see here there is a version number 2, then this is AWS account ID. This is ENI now there is a source address from where the packet was sent and then the destination address where the packet is going sIAMilarly the source port and the destination port and then network protocol. So you know that TCP is represented as number 6, then how many packets were sent how many bytes were sent the start tIAMe, the end tIAMe. And the IAMportant thing here is this "action". So action is accept that means this packet was accepted by the ENI and finally the log status, which is OK, which means these logs have been captured in the destination. So this is a default log format and we will also see this in console. Now VPC flow log format can also be customized. And as I said, depending on which version of VPC flow log you are using, you can have additional fields. So there are all these additional fields which you can use with custom VPC flow log format and there are more fields. But I think these are the fields which are interesting to you. And in the next slide, I will explain some of these fields. So the record will look something like this. Now here we are using the custom flow logs format. So this is not a default VPC flow logs format, but we have added additional fields. So in here, if you see the version is number 5, because we are using the maxIAMum fields here. Now additional field also supports the type of the packet. So it's IPv4 and then number of packets 14 and number of byte is this, then there will be AWS account id. And additionally, you can also specify, I want to have the VPC ID as well as the Subnet id. And along with that you can also include the instance ID. And then of course, you can have the ENI ID itself. And additionally, you can have AWS Region, AWS availability zone. And additionally, there are fields like sublocation type and sublocation ID. Now this represents the Amazon wavelength zone or outpost or local zone. So if your ENI resides in any of these AWS locations, then these fields will be populated, then the action which is like whether this packet was accepted or rejected. So here it is ACCEPT and then there are additional TCP flags. Now this is all about the TCP handshake and then you can refer AWS documentation what 19 means. Now additionally, there are these two fields which are packet source addr and packet destination addr. Now these are used to actually know the original packet IP address. Now this is because if you are having intermediate devices in the flow, for example, the NAT gateways, then you know that the packet source address changes. But if you want to know the original IP from where the packet was originated, then you can use this packet source addr and same applies to the packet destination addr as well. Further, there is additional field called traffic path, which is used for the egress traffic. And in this case, it is an ingress traffic and that's where you see this field is not populated. And finally, other IAMportant field is the traffic flow direction which tells you whether it was ingress traffic or egress traffic. Now, in this case, it's an ingress traffic and finally, the log status, which is OK. So you can very well have your own custom log format and you can include as many fields as you want. So this is just an example of one of such record. Okay, So I hope that is clear. Now with that, let me quickly show you how to capture the VPC flow logs and how to see that in Cloudwatch logs. So for capturing the VPC flow logs, there are some prerequisites because you are going to send these logs to the Cloudwatch log groups. So first you need to create corresponding Cloudwatch log groups and then you need to create an IAM role for VPC flow logs service to send it to the Cloudwatch. And I have included this IAM role policy which you need to attach. Now let me go to AWS console and show you these things, okay. So I'm into my cloudwatch console in Mumbai Region and in the logs, I already have this logs group and I had just created this log group, right? And as I said, you also need to have IAM role. So I had created this VPC flow logs role. And if you see the policy, it allows to write to the Cloudwatch logs and the trust policy is for VPC flow log service. So these are the prerequisites before you enable the VPC flow logs. And of course, then you have to just go to your VPC. Now, what I have already done is that I have created a VPC with one public Subnet and inside that I have launched a single EC2 instance. And then I just went here and I said, create the VPC flow logs and most of the settings as default just that you have to select the destination log group and the corresponding IAM role. And that's where I have the VPC flow log created. Now let me show you the EC2 machine which I had launched and this machine has a web server and it has a public IP address. So in order to generate some traffic, what I can do is I can just go here and just hit this web server over port 80. And then this page appears that means traffic is going to my EC2 instance over port 80. So that's the setup I already did. And now we want to analyze these logs using cloudwatch logs insights. So for that, let's go here and let's go to the logs insights. Now logs insights provides you the custom query language which is native to Cloudwatch. And if you know about the log monitoring tool like Splunk, it also uses similar language, but this is very powerful in the sense that it automatically detects your log record format. And then based on some deli- meter, it extracts automatically the fields from the logs. And then you can do a lot of operations with this field, for example aggregation, sum or filtering all that is possible with this query language. And if you need some help, then you can just go here and then you can look at some sample queries, for example VPC flow log queries. Likewise, right. OK. So the first thing that you need to do is to select the log group on which you want to run these queries. So I'm selecting my log group and now this is a default query. Now, out of this, I don't want few things. For example, I'm not interested in log streams. So for VPC flow logs for every ENI, the cloudwatch will create a separate log stream. So if you're interested, you can query a particular log stream or it will query all the log streams. That means all the ENIs so let's just remove this and run this query. OK. So if you see it shows the entire record. So it is similar to what we had seen earlier, the default format with 2 as the flow log version, the AWS account ID, the ENI ID and the source IP, the destination IP. And this IP is EC2 private IP and this is my public IP. So if you go to what is my IP address, it will show you that as IP address and that's where in the flow log you will see this IP. Now you can also see other IPs and probably this is someone else is trying to connect to my EC2 instance. And that's where you see that. So this record is exactly similar to what we already saw and it has all these fields that we already discussed about. So likewise, you can run many other queries and I leave it up to you to explore and run more queries. And for your reference, I have provided some sample queries as a text document along with this lecture. OK. So going back to our discussion. So we already saw how to create VPC flow logs. And these are sample queries that you can use. Now, one more thing like sometimes it happens that your security group or Network-ACL blocks some traffic or say they do not allow the traffic. And in that case, you can use this action field which is like ACCEPT or REJECT and you can analyze your traffic flow and understand that whether this traffic was blocked because there was no security group or because there was no Network-ACL rule. So let's take an example. So for the incoming request, as you know, it first hits the NACL and from there it goes to the EC2. So one scenario is if your inbound traffic is rejected, in that case, the reason could be either SG or NACL, right? But if your inbound traffic was accepted, but the outbound was rejected. Then the problem is with NACL, that's because security groups are stateful, which means they automatically allow the return traffic. But NACL are stateless. And that's where if the inbound packet was accepted, but the outbound was rejected, then it's because of the NACL rules. And also the other way around for the outgoing request. If the outbound traffic is rejected, then the reason could be either SG or NACL. But if the outbound traffic was accepted, but the returning inbound traffic was rejected, then again, the problem is with NACL. So I have included this scenario because we have seen question in the exam around this. Also, it is worth if we just go to AWS console and try to simulate this scenario. Now, here we will create a custom VPC flow logs and then we will see what impact the NACL rules have or the security group rule have. And for that, we will use this query which just filters the traffic for myIP as a source or destination address. Okay. So first thing let's create the new log group and let's call it VPC flow logs, custom format and rest of the settings as default. And now let's go to the VPC flow logs actions and say create a flow log. And let's call it VPC flow logs custom format. And we want all three type of the traffic, whether accepted, rejected or all and the aggregation level as one minute. Now, depending on this aggregation interval, you might have more records or less records. So as granular as you go, you will have more records in your VPC flow logs. Now, as a destination, we are sending it to the Cloudwatch logs. And here we are going to select our custom format log group and the same flow log IAM role that we had created earlier. Now, the format is custom. So let's see which fields are of our interest. So we need account ID, we need "action" AZ ID not interested bytes okay, source and destination address, start and end time. Flow direction is important where it's ingress or egress instance id, interface id, log status number of packets. Now, here we are not dealing with AWS services. So it doesn't make sense to have this. And also we don't have intermediate gateways. So I'm not selecting this packet source or destination addr protocol is important, Region we already know. But let's select that source address, source port, start time, sub location IDs we don't want because we know that we are operating in Region. Subnet ID makes sense. Traffic path is important. Then type is IPv4 or IPv6, then version ID and the VPC ID. OK. So all these are our fields and that's it. Let's create the flow logs. Okay. So flow logs has been created and we have to wait maximum up to 10 minutes for these logs to be delivered. Now until then we can just hit some more traffic from my IP address to this web server. And that's this EC2 instance, right? So let's do that. And let's go to the Cloudwatch logs again and let's go to the Cloudwatch logs insights. And here this time, let's select our new log group. Now, it doesn't show up here. So sometimes you have to refresh. So let's see. Let's go to the Cloudwatch logs insights. And here, let's see if we have this custom format. Yes, we have it and let's try to run our query. So mostly it won't have any data as of now, which is expected because it takes up to 10 minutes for these logs to be delivered. So I'm pausing this video for almost 5 to 10 minutes and I'll come back here. OK? So it's already been five minutes and I have just changed the query a little where I have included the field names because otherwise there will be too many fields and they could be in different order. So let's run this query and you can see that there is the result. So it tells me what's the interface ID, source IP address, destination address, which is the EC2 instance IP address, then source port, destination port, flow direction, action and log status. Now, what we are really interested in here is where the source IP or the destination IP is my own IP address. So let's say filter source addr equal to my IP address, which I can get from here or we can say dstaddr equal to my IP address. And let's run this query again. So it will show you that I'm trying to hit to port 80 then it responds with the egress traffic on ephemeral port and both ingress and egress traffic is accepted because I am able to hit this web server right now. Let's quickly do one thing. Let's go to the Network-Access-Control-List and then try to block the traffic through the NACL rules. So if you go to the public Subnet in which I have EC2 instance, and if you go to the Network-Access-Control-List, which is here, let's remove the outbound rule and let's remove this rule. Now what this means. Now the inbound traffic is allowed but the outbound traffic is not allowed, that means the return traffic. And hence now, if I just open a new window, then it shouldn't really work. Now you see this coming up because it had cashed the page. But if I do this again, then you can see that it is not able to connect. So with that, if we run the cloudwatch logs query again, then it should show us both the accept and the reject traffic. But as you know, it will take some time. So I'm again pausing this video for maybe five minutes and then I'll come back. OK. It's been almost three minutes. So let's try to run this again and OK, there are many records and OK, if you see this. So this entry is like I'm hitting on this EC2 instance on port 80. And then the next entry should be the response from the EC2 to my IP address. And this is a destination ephemeral port from where I had requested this connection. And it says the egress is rejected because as you know, the Network-ACL is blocking that traffic. So this is what we wanted to simulate. Okay. So that's what we wanted to see. I haven't really done the security group rule thing. But if you are interested, you can try that in your environment and just advise here if you are trying this exercise, then also, you know, disable the VPC flow logs because otherwise there will be a charge for Cloudwatch logs group and I will also do that after this lecture, but just be aware of that. OK? So just few more things about the flow logs limitation that VPC flow logs currently do not record the traffic for Amazon DNS server which runs on VPC base address + 2 IP address. And you already know about Amazon DNS server. So these logs are not captured any logs, which is about the communication with EC2 metadata service or Time sync service is also not captured. The DHCP traffic is not captured and same with windows license activation server or mirror traffic. Now, in the next lecture, we are going to see how to mirror the traffic. Now, apart from the native tools like VPC flow log, you can also use traditional networking tools to capture the packets. For example, you can use wireshark or tcpdump or you can use other tools like traceroute which shows you hop by hop the connection to the destination. You can use telnet or nslookup kind of tools for DNS resolution. And simplest of all these to check the connectivity is the PING protocol which gives you the RTT that is round trip time and it uses the ICMP protocol for that. Now ICMP is not a TCP or a UDP protocol. It is internet control message protocol. And for allowing the ping in your security group and Network-Access-Control-List, you have to explicitly open the ports for all ICMP-IPv4 or IPv6. So just remember that because sometimes you try to ping to the EC2 instance and despite everything is all well setup, but still you are not able to ping because security group or network ACL doesn't have ICMP rule added in that. OK. With that, we'll stop here. So I hope you now understand what is VPC flow logs and how to enable VPC flow logs to capture the packet information.