Hi, and welcome to this lecture. VPC Traffic Mirroring. So in the last lecture we saw, monitoring your VPC traffic, right? Where traffic can be captured in a CloudWatch or S3, and then you can analyze this traffic for maybe any anomalies, or you want to see a certain pattern of the traffic, right? But that happens typically in, I would say offline mode, or maybe you first capture the logs and then you do analysis. But in certain cases you want to do, you know, real-time monitoring of your traffic. And now, one way could be to have the IPS and IDS system in place and all the traffic should be going through that IDS-IPS system. And from there, it is routed to your destination application host, right? But again, it adds additional hops to your traffic, right? And it may degrade your latency or performance of overall network, right? There is a better way to do this, which called VPC Traffic Mirroring. As the word suggests, the mirroring. That means whatever traffic flows in and out of your network, or particularly through ENI, the same traffic in real time can be mirrored to another target. And then you can run your network monitoring system on that target to see any malicious behavior into your traffic. So that's the use case for this VPC Traffic Mirroring. So let's talk shortly about this. This I haven't seen much coming into the exam, but as we are talking about monitoring the traffic, it is good to know about this traffic mirroring. So what it means is it copies your network traffic from ENI, of EC2 instances, of course. And then it sends that traffic to another monitoring appliances, or content inspection or threat monitoring system, or maybe for troubleshooting, right? So this is a relatively new feature. And in the VPC console, you can see these options where you can define the Mirror Targets, Mirror Filters, and the Mirror Sessions. And once these sessions are started, all the traffic, which hits the ENI is mirrored to another target, where you can monitor that. So the steps to configure the traffic mirroring is you create a mirror target first. Now target could be another EC2 instance. Ultimately an ENI. Or you can also send all the traffic to Network Load Balancer. Now those could be your target. Then you can define the filter. Now, what does filter means? You can actually filter which traffic you want to mirror, right? Maybe from particular source IP or for particular destination IP, or from, for a particular source port or destination port. All these kind of filters you can apply so that you know, you don't inspect all the traffic all the time. Only interested traffic or interested packets, you can mirror and then inspect, right? And finally you create a mirror session once you have the mirror target and define the filter. So if you look at this diagram. in the first subnet, I have a traffic source, which is EC2 instance. And as you know, EC2 has ENI. And now I can define the traffic mirroring for that ENI as a source. And the destination is another ENI, and which is attached to another traffic analyzer application. And I can now define the session where it captures all the traffic from this ENI to this ENI, right? Now here, ENI is a target. As I said, the target could also be NLB, Network Load Balancer. So source remains the same, but in target system now I have a NLB and then you have the traffic analyzer applications running on maybe a single or multiple instances. And this is how you can, you can capture the traffic through NLB as well. So either of the configuration is okay, depending on how much traffic you capture and how many applications you are running. You can have NLB or a single ENI. Now you can also define filters, as I said. So, this is say a source EC2 instance. Which is say, instance A traffic goes in and out of this instance, and while the traffic flows in and out, you can define the filter which captures this and then mirrors to ENI or NLB. So, the center block here represents the mirror target basically. And then these filters, you can apply to multiple instances in your VPC. And according to the filter, all the traffic from all those sources will be going to your target, ENI or NLB. So, traffic filter parameters are like inbound or outbound. You can decide which traffic to capture or which traffic to mirror, whether inbound or outbound. Whether accepted or rejected traffic has to be mirrored. Which protocol? So it supports L4, layer 4 protocol only. Then a source port and destination port range that you want to capture. And then, source CIDR block and destination CIDR block. So you can very well define the filter using all these parameters and only interesting traffic you can mirror, right? To the target, okay? So with that, let's recap what we just learned, and this is important for your exam to remember. So VPC Traffic Mirroring basically captures the traffic which flows in and out of your VPC, and then you can mirror that and send it to a potential network and security anomalies tool. That's the purpose of VPC Traffic Mirroring. The source of the traffic is always ENI, Elastic Network Interface, which is attached to your EC2 instance. Now mirror target could be either another ENI, which is attached to EC2 instance, or it could be Network Load Balancer. Now remember that in case of Network Load Balancer, the UDP port is 4789. So on the Network Load Balancer site, this port should be open. And also remember that on your port site, the target port should also be open. Typically in security group, all the outbound traffic is open, but if it's not, you have to make sure that it can go to the UDP-4789 of your Network Load Balancer. Now, when the mirror traffic happens, you can also do the filtering. And why we need filtering? As I said, because you want to only capture certain type of the traffic. Now that could be based on the source CIDR or destination CIDR. It could be based on the protocols. It could be based on the ports as well. And you can define multiple rules for your traffic mirroring, and these rules are numbered. And of course you would have multiple rules because maybe for UDP traffic you want to send those packets to a different destination where you can analyze that. For UDP traffic you want to send it to a different destination for mirroring the traffic. Or in some cases, if the traffic is coming from particular source IP address, you want to again send it to a different target mirror, mirror target basically. That all you can define in the rules and whatever rules matches, according to the number, it would send the traffic to a respective target. Now, when you set up this traffic mirroring, you know that that there is a source ENI, there is a target ENI or Network Load Balancer. Now these two things could be either in the same VPC or they could also be in different VPCs. But again, the limitation is this VPC should be in the same region. But then you can connect these VPCs using intra-Region VPC peering or intra-Region transit gateway. So if your target VPCs in different regions, that wouldn't be possible as of now, but otherwise there is no restriction that the traffic source and the mirror target should be in the same VPC. They can very well be across the VPCs. Further, the Source and Destination ENIs, or you can say mirror source and mirror target could be in different AWS accounts as well. Now, this is interesting because many a times maybe you are hosting your network packet analysis tool into your VPC and you want to give that as a service to your customers. Now, in that case your customers would have their VPC in their own AWS account, and then you can set up a VPC peering between these two VPCs. Though these VPCs are owned by different entities, you can still monitor the traffic from your customers VPC. So that is kind of a use case you can also implement using the VPC Traffic Mirroring. So I think that's it, what you need to know about VPC Traffic Mirroring. And I haven't seen that, this coming much into the exam, but as we are learning everything about networking, it's good to know. So that's it about this lecture. See you in the next lecture. Thank you.