Hi. So as discussed in the previous lecture, now let's look at the network access analyzer. Now this works similar to the reachability analyzer, but just that the purpose is different. Now, we are saying that we want to analyze if there are any non compliant paths exist in our network configuration. So what's the purpose of VPC network access analyzer? So it identifies unintended network access to the AWS resources. Now, this is the other way around in the sense that you have to define that this is the connectivity that you don't want and then you specify as a network scope and then the network access analyzer will figure out whether that kind of connectivity is there in your deployment and it will flag it as findings and we will see a short demo of that. So you can use it to say isolate network segments. For example, there is a development VPC and the production VPC and you want to make sure that there is no connectivity between these two VPCs. Now you can go as granular as Subnet level or the ENI level or EC2 instances level. All that is possible when you configure the network scope. Another use case is to see if there is no internet inbound or outbound connectivity for your resources. For example, if there are database instances, then they should not be reachable from the internet and the other way around. So that can also be analyzed using the network access analyzer further, you can also look at the trusted network paths. That means when the traffic goes from the source to the destination, you want to make sure that it crosses through a particular device, for example, through the NAT gateways or through a particular Firewall. Now, this can also be verified using network access analyzer. And finally, you can have the trusted network access in the sense that you can mention that the traffic can only come from a particular IP address range or a particular port or particular AWS resource. Now, in order to do this, you have to define the network scope and then verify that whether it meets your compliance requirement or not. I know that just from the slides, it doesn't really tell you what exactly it does and how it does. So better, let's look at the example and see that in action. So let's try to analyze one of the use case. So for example, we have two VPCs and VPC-A is kind of development VPC and VPC-B is production VPC and we don't want to have any network connectivity between them. So to begin with, we will have these two VPCs isolated and then we'll create the network access analyzer scope which says that these two VPCs should be isolated and then we'll see what the result comes out to be. And later, we will set up a VPC peering connection so that we violate that rule. And then we will again analyze this network scope and see the findings. So that's the purpose. And now to save the time, what I have done is I have already created these two VPCs which are completely isolated. And currently there is no VPC peering between them. So let me take you to the AWS console and show you that okay. You can see my AWS VPC console. I'm in Mumbai Region and I have two VPCs and then I have one public Subnet in each VPC. And further I have launched EC2 instances in both the VPCs. Now these are isolated VPCs. That means this two machine cannot reach to each other over the private IP address, right? And now in order to go to the network access analyzer, you have to go to the network manager console which is here. And if you go on the left side, you will see this option here. Now make sure that you are in the Mumbai Region. Okay. So before we create our own network access scope, let's talk about these default scopes which comes along with your AWS account. And AWS has provided these scopes for us for easy troubleshooting So if you just read the purpose of this scope, if you just talk about this one, right? AWS VPC Ingress. So what it does is it identifies the Ingress paths into your VPC from internet Gateway or peering connection or VPC endpoints or VPN or Transit Gateway. That means any VPC resources which can be reached out from any of these components, then it will flag it as finding. Similarly, there is this egress IGW path which is any resource in your VPC. If it can reach to the internet as an outbound traffic, then it will flag those network interfaces. Similarly, there is VPC egress which is corresponding to the first scope, which is, if your VPC resource can go out to the internet or the peering connection or to the VPC endpoints. Likewise, then it will flag those resources. And similarly the fourth one. So to start with, let's look at the first one. So let's select this one and analyze this. Now it will take maybe a couple of minutes for this analysis. So I'm just pausing this video here. Okay. So it took around one minute for this analysis to finish. And if you read this, it has detected 2 findings, right? So if you go down, you will see this 2 violations for this rule. So first one is this which says sorry, it directly opens the network interface. But if you just go down here, it will say that from the internet Gateway you can reach out to this ENI which is attached to this particular EC2 instance, which we don't want because network scope is all about what you don't want, right? So it has flagged it as your violation and it also checks about the destination ports. As of now, you can reach to only port 22. But if you open the security group and allow port 80 then it will also talk about that port, right? And similarly, this is for another instance in VPC-B right? So it has flagged both these as non-compliant rules. And now similarly, you can also run the analysis for rest of the scopes. Okay. So I hope that is clear. Now let's do our bit. That means we want to create our own scope and then AWS provides some templates to get started with. For example, if you want to locate databases which are accessible from the internet or non HTTPS access to the web server, all these are, you know, violation to our security policies. So you can get started with any of these templates. But here let's start with our own empty template and let's call it say no connectivity between Dave and PROD VPC, right? And we have to then define the match conditions as in what is the source VPC and what's the destination VPC. So let's add a match condition and our source is VPC. So let's say resource id and the type is VPC and then resource id is VPC-A. And now you can also optionally define the traffic type, whether it's a TCP or a UDP or what's the port, which allows this communication. But here we are just talking about generic connectivity between the two VPCs. So we won't add anything here. And now you have to define the destination. So again, the destination is the resource id of the type VPC. And here the destination is VPC B, right? That's it and say next. So it will give you the Jason and create this scope. Now, once you create the scope, you just say analyze and again, it will take maybe a minute or so. So I'm just pausing this video again. Okay. So analysis has finished and you see there are no findings, that means both these VPCs cannot communicate with each other. And this is what we wanted basically. So everything is fine and this is what we had expected. Now, let's do one thing. Let's go here and let's create a VPC peering connection between these two VPCs which is here. And let's create a peering connection which is between VPC A and VPC B, right? And then let's create the peering connection. So as you know, the peering has to be accepted, so let's accept the peering and that's it. Now we just have a peering connection, but we haven't added anything in our route table. So at this point, let's go here and analyze this again. So again, let me pause this video for a minute. Okay. So you see that still there are no findings even though there is a VPC peering connection, but traffic cannot flow because there are no route tables which takes the traffic from VPC A to VPC B. So now let's finally go to our route table and let's go to the VPC A route table and say if the traffic is going to VPC B which is 172.16 0.00 16, then it has to go through the VPC peering connection and save it. And similarly, let's also go to the VPC B root table and let's edit this route and say if the traffic is going to VPCA, then it has to also go through the peering connection. Okay. That's it. And now let's come back here and analyze this again. So pause this video. Okay. So now if you see there are findings detected and there are two network interfaces which are in violation. So start is VPC and A and VPC B and the traffic can flow from VPC A to VPC B. And if you see this is a VPC peering which is allowing this traffic, so traffic can go right from VPCA instance ENI to the security group, outbound rule to the Network-ACL of the VPCA Subnet to the route table to the VPC peering connection to the Network-Access-Control-List inbound rule of VPC B Subnet, then the EC2 instance B security group to the EC2 instance B so end to end traffic is now allowed which we did not want. And that's where it has been flagged off. So this is how you define the scope and then you run this analysis to find out if there are any findings detected, right? So I hope that is clear. OK, just word of caution, if you have also implemented this, just go and terminate everything that you created specifically these two instances because you might not be in the free tier quota. And once you do that also tear down your VPC peering connection and also delete your VPCs. And just one more thing which I should have probably stated earlier, there is also some small charge for this excess analyzer that is $0.002 per ENI that is being analyzed. Now, in our case, there were two ENIs and hence you multiply that by this number for every analysis, which is not a very huge price, but still there is some charge. So just bear that in mind. Okay. So with that, we will stop here. So just to recap in the last couple of lectures, we saw two ways to analyze the network traffic. One is through the VPC reachability analyzer where it tells you that whether from the source you can reach to the destination and if not, then what is blocking that traffic. And the second is network access analyzer which can flag the unintended network path between the source and the destination. So that will stop here and we'll move to the next lecture. Thank you.