Welcome Back. In this video, I will talk about the memory allocation for Spark driver and Spark executor. So let's start. Assume you submitted a spark application in a YARN cluster. The YARN RM will allocate an application master (AM) container and start the driver JVM in the container. The driver will start with some memory allocation which you requested. Do you know how to ask for the driver's memory? You can ask for the driver memory using two configurations. spark.driver.memory and spark.driver.memoryOverhead So let's assume you asked for the spark.driver.memory = 1GB. And the default value of spark.driver.memoryOverhead = 0.10 The YARN RM will allocate 1 GB of memory for the driver JVM. And it will also allocate 10% of your requested memory or 384 MB, whatever is higher for container overhead. We asked for 1 GB spark.driver.memory. Right? So the 10% of 1 GB is 100 MB. But 100 MB is less than the 384 MB. So the YARN RM will allocate 384 MB for overhead. Make sense? Great! So what is the total memory for the container? It comes to 1 GB + 384 MB. Right? But what is the purpose of 384 MB overhead? The overhead memory is used by the container process or any other non JVM process within the container. Your Spark driver uses all the JVM heap but nothing from the overhead. Make sense? Great! That's all about the driver memory allocation. Now the driver is started with 1 GB of JVM heap. Right? So the driver will again request for the executor containers from the YARN. The YARN RM will allocate a bunch of executor containers. But how much memory do you get for each executor container? The total memory allocated to the executor container is the sum of the following. Overhead Memory, Heap Memory, Off Heap Memory and Pyspark Memory So a Spark driver will ask for executor container memory using four configurations. What are those configurations? Overhead memory is the spark.executor.memoryOverhead. JVM Heap is the spark.executor.memory. Off Heap memory comes from spark.memory.offHeap.size. And the PySpark memory comes from the spark.executor.pyspark.memory. So the driver will look at all these configurations to calculate your memory requirement and sum it up. Now let's assume you asked for spark.executor.memory = 8 GB The default value of spark.executor.memoryOverhead = 10% Let's assume the other two configurations are not set, and the default value is zero. So how much memory do you get for your executor container? You asked spark.executor.memory =  8 GB, so you will get 8 GB for JVM. Then you asked for spark.executor.memoryOverhead = 10%, so you will get 800 MB extra for the overhead. And the total container memory comes to 8800 MB. Right? So the driver will ask for 8.8 GB containers to the YARN RM. But do we get an 8.8 GB container? That depends on your cluster configuration. The container should run on a worker node in the YARN cluster. Right? What if the worker node is a 6 GB machine? YARN cannot allocate an 8 GB container on a 6 GB machine. Right? Because there is not enough physical memory, before you ask for the driver or executor memory, you should check with your cluster admin for the maximum allowed value. If you are using YARN RM, you should look for the following configurations. yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb and yarn.nodemanager.resource.memory-mb For example, let's assume you are using AWS c4.large instance type to set up your Spark cluster using AWS EMR. The c4.large instance comes with 3.75 GB RAM. You launched an EMR cluster using c4.large instances. The EMR cluster will start with the default value of yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb  = 1792 That means you cannot ask for a container of higher than 1.792 GB. That's your physical memory limit for each container. Right? Even if you ask, you are not going to get it. Make sense? Great! Now let's come back to our scenario. Here it is, and I am assuming that we have enough physical memory on the worker nodes. So we learned about the driver and executor memory. The total physical memory for a driver container comes from the following two configurations. spark.driver.memory and spark.driver.memoryOverhead Once allocated, it becomes your physical memory limit for your spark driver. For example, if you asked for a 4 GB spark.driver.memory, you will get 4 GB JVM heap and 400 MB off JVM Overhead memory. Now you have three limits. Your Spark driver JVM cannot use more than 4 GB. Your non-JVM workload in the container cannot use more than 400 MB. And Your container cannot use more than 4.4 GB of memory in total. If any of these limits are violated, you will see an OOM exception. Make sense? Great! Now let me summarize executor memory allocation. The total physical memory for an executor container comes from the following four configurations. The default value for the third and fourth configurations are not defined. So you can consider them zero. Now let's assume you asked for spark.executor.memory = 8 GB. So you will get 8 GB for the Spark executor JVM. You will also get 800 MB for overhead. The total physical memory of your container is 8.8 GB. Right? Now you have three limits. Your executor JVM cannot use more than 8 GB of memory. Your non JVM processes cannot use more than 800 MB. And your container has a maximum physical limit of 8.8 GB. You will see an OOM exception when any of these limits are crossed. Make sense? Great! So far, so good. But you should ask two more questions? What is the Physical memory limit at the worker node? What is the PySpark executor memory? I already talked about the Physical memory limit for your workers. You should look out for yarn.scheduler.maximum-allocation-mb for the maximum limit. You cannot get more than the maximum-allocation-mb. The next question is, how much memory do you get for your PySpark? Right? We didn't talk about the PySpark memory yet. All we are talking about is JVM and non-JVM memory. You do not need to worry about PySpark memory if you write your Spark application in Java or Scala. But if you are using PySpark, this question becomes critical. Right? Let's try to understand. So for this example, how much memory do you get for PySpark? The answer might surprise you. PySpark is not a JVM process. So you will not get anything from those 8 GBs. All you have is 800 MB of overhead memory. Some 300 to 400 MB of this is constantly consumed by the container processes and other internal processes. So your PySpark will get approximately 400 MB. So now you have one more limit. If your PySpark consumes more than what can be accommodated in the overhead, you will see an OOM error. Make sense? Great! So if you look from the YARN perspective. The Spark container memory allocation looks like this. You have a container, and the container has got some memory. This total memory is broken into two parts. Heap memory( driver/executor memory) Overhead memory (OS Memory) The heap memory goes to your JVM. We call it driver memory when you are running a driver in this container. Similarly, we call it executor memory when the container is running an executor. Make sense? The overhead memory is used for a bunch of things. In fact, the overhead is also used for network buffers. So you will be using overhead memory as your shuffle exchange or reading partition data from remote storage etc. The point is straight. Both the memory portions are critical for your Spark application. And more than often, lack of enough overhead memory will cost you an OOM exception. Because the overhead memory is often overlooked, but it is used as your shuffle exchange or network read buffer. Make sense? Great! That's all for the driver and executor memory allocations. In the following lecture, we will deep dive further into the executor memory. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.