Welcome Back. In the previous video, I talked about container memory allocation. We learned about the following. Overhead memory and Executor memory In this video, We will learn more about executor memory. So let's start with the following assumption. You started your application using spark.executor.memory as 8 GB and spark.executor.cores equal to 4 And you got 8 GB memory and 4 CPU cores. You will also get default 10% overhead memory. Right? Great! Let me remove this overhead memory from the equation and try to focus only on the JVM memory. We want to learn how Spark utilizes JVM heap memory. Right? Great! The heap memory is further broken down into three parts. Reserved Memory Spark Memory Pool User Memory So let's assume I got 8 GB for the JVM heap. This 8 GB is divided into three parts. Spark will reserve 300 MB for itself. That's fixed, and the Spark engine itself uses it. The next part is the Spark executor memory pool. This one is controlled by the spark.memory.fraction configuration, and the default value is 60%. So for our example, the spark memory pool translates to 4620 MB. How? We got 8 GB or 8000 MB. Three hundred is gone for Reserved memory. Right? We are left with 7700 MB. Now you take 60% of this, and you will get 4620 MB for the Spark memory pool. What is left? We still have 3080 MB left, and that one is gone for user memory. Make sense? I hope you got the calculation for the memory division. Let me repeat it. You can ask for executor memory using Spark.executor.memory configuration. We asked for 8 GB and got the same for the JVM heap. Spark will reserve 300 MB, and you are left with 7700 MB. This remaining memory is again divided into a 60-40 ratio. The 60% goes to the Spark memory pool, and the remaining goes to the user memory pool. If you want, you can change this 60-40 ratio using the Spark.memory.fraction configuration. However, the default value is 60%. Make sense? Now let's try to understand these three memory pools. The reserved pool is gone for the Spark engine itself. You cannot use it. The Spark Memory pool is your main executor memory pool which you will use for data frame operations and caching. The User Memory pool is used for non-dataframe operations. Here are some examples. If you created user-defined data structures such as hash maps, Spark would use the user memory pool. Similarly, spark internal metadata and user-defined functions are stored in the user memory. All the RDD information and the RDD operations are performed in user memory. But if you are using DataFrame operations, they do not use the user memory even if the dataframe is internally translated and compiled into RDD. You will be using user memory only if you apply RDD operations directly in your code. Make sense? Great! So the point is straight. The Spark memory pool is where all your data frames and dataframe operations live. You can increase it from 60% to 70% or even more if you are not using UDFs, custom data structures, and RDD operations. But you cannot make it zero or reduce it too much because you will need it for metadata and other internal things. Make sense? Great! Now let's concentrate on the spark executor memory pool. So for this example, we started with 8 GB, but we are left with a 4620 MB Spark memory pool. Right? So how this memory pool is used? This memory pool is further broken down into two sub-pools. Storage memory and Executor memory The default break up is 50% each, but you can change it using the spark.memory.storageFraction configuration. The default value of spark.memory.storageFraction configuration is 50%. So Spark will reserve 50% of the memory pool for the storage pool, and the remaining 50% comes to the executor pool. For our example, we got a 2310 MB storage pool and another 2310 MB executor pool. Now the next question is this. What do we do in these two memory pools? We use the storage pool for caching data frames. And the Executor pool is to perform dataframe computations. So if you are joining two data frames, Spark will need to buffer some data for performing the joins. Right? That buffer is created in the executor pool. Similarly, if you are aggregating or performing some calculation, the required buffer memory comes from the executor pool. So executor pool is short-lived. You will use it for execution and free it immediately as soon as your execution is complete. Right? The storage pool is used to cache the data frames. So if you are using dataframe cache operation, you will be caching the data in the storage pool. So the storage pool is long-term. You will cache the dataframe and keep it there as long as the executor is running or you want to un-cache it. Right? Great! So we are seeing the memory view of the Spark executor. But we also have an angle of the CPU Cores. Right? So let me bring that also into the discussion and talk about the compute-view of the executor. For this example, I asked for the 4 CPU cores. Right? So my executor will have four slots, and we can run four parallel tasks in these slots. Right? But what are these slots? These slots are threads. Remember that. All these slots are threads within the same JVM. We do not have multiple processes or JVMs here. We have a single JVM, and all the slots are simply threads in the same JVM. Make sense? Great! So I have one executor JVM, 2310 MB storage pool, another 2310 MB executor pool, and four threads to share these two memory pools. So what do you think? How much executor memory will each task get? Simple! 2310/4 right? That's static memory management, and Spark used to assign task memory using this static method before spark 1.6. But now, they changed it and implemented a unified memory manager. The unified memory manager tries to implement fair allocation amongst the active tasks. Let's assume I have only two active tasks. I have four slots, but I have only two active tasks. So the unified memory manager can allocate all the available execution memory amongst the two active tasks. The point is straight. There is nothing reserved for any task. The task will demand the execution memory, and the unified memory manager will allocate it from the pool. If the executor memory pool is fully consumed, the memory manager can also allocate executor memory from the storage memory pool as long as we have some free space. What does it mean? Simple! We start with a 50-50 boundary between executor memory and storage memory. But you can change it using Spark.memory.storageFraction. I know I will not cache too many data frames. So I can reduce it to 30%. So I shifted the boundary. But this boundary is flexible, and we can borrow space as long as we have free space. So the memory manager can borrow some memory from the other side as long as the other side is free. Let me show you a scenario. Let's assume we cached some data frames and entirely consumed the storage memory pool. But I want to cache some more data. So the memory manager will give me some more memory from the executor memory pool. The executor memory was free, so we consumed it. Now executor is performing some join operation, and it needs memory. So the executor will start consuming memory as long as there is free space. But in the end, the memory manager will evict the cached data frames and spill them to the disk to make more space for the executor. We borrowed it from the executor pool. Right? And now the executor needs it. So the memory manager will evict it. However, you reached the boundary, and the executor needs more memory. This boundary is rigid, and the memory manager cannot evict any changed data blocks. If it was free, the memory manager should have given it to the executor. But it is not free, and we already occupied it. Right? However, the executor needs more memory. How do you manage it? The executor will try to spill few things to the disk and make some more room for itself. What if you have things that you cannot spill to disk? Congratulations! You are hitting the OOM exception. The Spark memory management is too complex. But you should understand the structure so you can manage things more efficiently. And you have the following configurations to control it. The Spark.executor.memoryOverhead will give you 10% extra of whatever you are asking for the JVM, and it is outside the JVM and reserved for overhead. Your JVM memory comes from Spark.executor.memory. This configuration allows you to ask for the executor JVM memory. Whatever you get, the spark engine will reserve 300 MB from your allocation. Now you can configure spark.memory.fraction to tell how much you want to use for DataFrame operations. The default value is 60%, but you can increase it. The leftover is kept aside for non-dataframe operations, and we call it user memory. The spark.memory.storageFraction allows you to set a hard boundary that the memory manager cannot evict. If you are not dependent on cached data, you can reduce this hard limit. Finally, you can ask for the executor cores. The executor core is critical because this configuration defines the maximum number of concurrent threads. If you have too many threads, you will have too many tasks competing for memory. If you have a single thread, you might not be able to use the memory efficiently. In general, Spark recommends two or more cores per executor, but you should not go beyond five cores. More than five cores cause excessive memory management overhead and contention, so they recommend stopping at five cores. Make sense? Great! So we learned about the JVM heap. Spark also allows you the following configurations. These three configurations will give you off-heap memory outside your JVM. What does it mean? Let's try to understand. I talked about the overhead memory, and we also talked about the heap memory. Now let's talk about the off-heap memory. We already learned that most of the spark operations and data caching are performed in the JVM heap. And they perform best when using the on-heap memory. However, the JVM heap is subject to garbage collection. Right? So if you are allocating a huge amount of heap memory to your executor, you might see excessive garbage collection delays. However, Spark 3.x was optimized to perform some operations in the off-heap memory. Using off-heap memory gives you the flexibility of managing memory by yourself and avoid GC delays. Spark can take some advantage of this idea and use off-heap memory. So if you need an excessive amount of memory for your Spark application, it might help you take some off-heap memory. For large memory requirements, mixing some on-heap and off-heap might help you reduce GC delays. By default, the off-heap memory feature is disabled. You can enable it by setting spark.memory.offHeap.enabled = true. And you can set your off-heap memory requirement using spark.memory.offHeap.size. Great! So, where is this off-heap memory used? Spark will use the off-heap memory to extend the size of spark executor memory and storage memory. What does it mean? The off-heap memory is some extra space. So if needed, Spark will use it to buffer spark dataframe operations and cache the data frames. So adding off-heam is an indirect method of increasing the executor and storage memory pools. Make sense? Great! Now the last item is the spark.executor.pyspark.memory. Let's talk about it. I hope you already learned that Apache Spark is written in Scala. Scala is a JVM language, and hence Spark is also a JVM application. But if you are using PySpark, your application may need a Python worker. These Python workers cannot use JVM heap memory. So they use off-heap overhead memory. But what if you need more off-heap overhead memory for your Python workers? You can set that extra memory requirement for your Python workers using spark.executor.pyspark.memory. We do not have a default value for this configuration. Why? Because most of the PySpark applications do not use external Python libraries, and they do not need a Python worker. So Spark does not set a default value for this configuration parameter. But if you need some extra memory for your Python workers, you can set the requirement using the spark.executor.pyspark.memory. Make sense? Great! That's all for this video. See you again. Keep learning and Keep growing.