Welcome Back. So you practiced one set of Spark Applied Understanding questions. Let's look at those questions in detail. I will go through each question and evaluate all the options. We will select the correct answer and also understand why other options are incorrect. In between, I will try to recall your knowledge about Spark Applied Understanding. Make sense? Great! Let's start with the first question. Which of the following describes a shuffle? We talked about the shuffle in several videos earlier. Let's see what options do we have. A shuffle is a process by which data is compared across partitions. Okay! This statement is not straightforward. Let's try to analyze it. The shuffle has two parts. The first part is to repartition the data using the key and keep it in the write exchange of the stage. Correct? This step is known as map side repartitioning. The second part of the shuffle is to redistributed this partitioned data from the write exchange to the read exchange of the next stage. This step is known as partition aggregation at the reduce side of the shuffle. In both of these processes, we must compare the data so we can repartition it. My answer talks about comparing data across partitions. So I can consider it a correct statement. Though it is not as straightforward and clear, so I will keep this option as possibly correct, but I will see other options if I can find a better one. So let's move on to the next. A shuffle is a process by which data is compared across executors. Well! this option is not correct. They are talking about comparing data, but shuffle has nothing to do with the executors. So we leave this one and move to the next option. A shuffle is a process by which partitions are allocated to tasks. No! That's not correct. The shuffle is repartitioning the data using a key. Let's go to the next. A shuffle is a process by which partitions are ordered for write. What does that mean? They are talking about ordering or sorting partitions for a write operation. Shuffle has nothing to do with the write operation. Let's look at the next one. A shuffle is a process by which tasks are ordered for execution. This one is also rubbish. So it looks like the first one is the correct statement. This question is full of confusing statements. But we can't do anything because the exam is supposed to throw some confusing statements. Our job is to analyze the question carefully and pick up the best answer. Great! Let's go to the next question. DataFrame df is very large with a large number of partitions, more than there are executors in the cluster. So we have a large number of partitions, and they are more than the number of executors. That's normal, and it happens most of the time. You may have 32 executors but more than 100 partitions. Right? Let's read further. Based on this situation, which of the following is incorrect? Assume there is one core per executor. Okay. So let's try finding out the incorrect statement. The performance will be suboptimal because not all executors will be utilized at the same time. That's incorrect. Why? Suppose I have 32 executors, each having one core. So I will have 32 slots. But I have 100 partitions. So Spark will allocate one partition each to all 32 slots. Right? I am not wasting my slots. All slots are occupied most of the time. So this statement is incorrect. But let me read the next one also. The performance will be suboptimal because not all data can be processed at the same time. That's correct. I have 100 partitions and only 32 slots. So not all data can be processed in parallel, and my job will take longer. But we wanted to find the incorrect statement. And we already found that. Right? Let me quickly read the remaining options. There will be a large number of shuffle connections performed on DataFrame df when operations inducing a shuffle are called. That's fine. A large number of partitions means a large number of shuffle connections to read data from the exchange. So we are correct here. There will be a lot of overhead associated with managing resources for data processing within each task. Yes! That's also correct. We cannot process all data in parallel because we have fewer executors and more partitions. So we have to wait until a slot is vacant and load the new partition into the slot when the previous one is complete. And that's the overhead they are talking about. So this one is also correct. There might be a risk of out-of-memory errors depending on the size of the executors in the cluster. Well! The risk of OOM exception is always there. So nothing incorrect here. Great! Let's go to next. Which of the following operations will trigger evaluation? Great! This question is trying to confuse us, calling it evaluation instead of action. The evaluation means an action. So the correct answer is DataFrame.count(). That's the only action here, and all others are transformations. Let's go to next. Which of the following describes the difference between transformations and actions? Okay! Let's look at the options. Transformations work on DataFrames/Datasets while actions are reserved for native language objects. That's rubbish. I don't even want to explain it. Let me read the next one. There is no difference between actions and transformations. That's nonsense again. If there is no difference, then why do we have two different things? Actions are business logic operations that do not induce execution, while transformations are execution triggers focused on returning results. Aah! This is precisely the opposite of the correct definition. Actions are the execution triggers, and transformations are the business logic operations. Right? Let me read the next one. Actions work on DataFrames/Datasets, while transformations are reserved for native language objects. No! This one is also false. Transformations are business logic operations that do not induce execution, while actions are execution triggers focused on returning results. Great! That's the correct one. Actions are the execution triggers, and transformations are the business logic operations. Let's go to the next question. Which of the following DataFrame operations is always classified as a narrow transformation? This is an easy one. You can see the DataFrame.select(), and that one is always narrow. Let's move on. Which of the following describes out-of-memory errors in Spark? Okay! An out-of-memory error occurs when either the driver or an executor does not have enough memory to collect or process the data allocated to it. Perfect! That's correct. You can get an OOM exception from the driver or the executor. In both cases, it comes because they do not have enough memory. Right? What are the other options? It must be incorrect. An out-of-memory error occurs when Spark's storage level is too lenient and allows data objects to be cached to memory and disk. No. They are trying to confuse us. Out of memory never comes for caching or storage. It is always caused by a lack of executor memory. An out-of-memory error occurs when there are more tasks than are executors regardless of the number of worker nodes. This one is also false. If we have more tasks than the executors, then my task will wait for executors to become available. They will not throw an OOM exception. An out-of-memory error occurs when the Spark application calls too many transformations in a row without calling an action regardless of the size of the data object on which the transformations are operating. No! This is also not correct. You can call as many transformations as you need. Calling more transformations is not the root cause of OOM. An out-of-memory error occurs when too much data is allocated to the driver for computational purposes. Well! OOM at the driver comes when too much data is collected at the driver. But data is never processed by the driver. So this statement is incorrect because it talks about computational purpose at the driver. Let's go to the next question. Which of the following is the default storage level for persist() for a non-streaming DataFrame/Dataset? Good question. If you look at the latest PySpark documentation, the default value of persistence is the MEMORY_AND_DISK_DESER. However, as per scala documentation, the default value is MEMORY_AND_DISK. But internally, the MEMORY_AND_DISK_DESER in PySpark is the same as MEMORY_AND_DISK in Scala. So you can choose MEMORY_AND_DISK as a correct answer. If you don't see the MEMORY_AND_DISK, but you are seeing MEMORY_AND_DISK_DESER, you can choose that one. Make sense? Great! Let's go to next. Which of the following describes a broadcast variable? That's an outdated question. Broadcast variables were used during the RDD days. But now, we do not use broadcast variables with DataFrames. So I am not expecting a question on the broadcast variable, but you never know. However, you should not confuse the broadcast variables with the broadcast hash joins. We still use broadcast hash joins, and that's different from the broadcast variable. Okay! Let's try to find the correct answer. A broadcast variable is a Spark object that needs to be partitioned onto multiple worker nodes because it's too large to fit on a single worker node. That's incorrect. A broadcast variable is never partitioned, it is broadcasted as it is to all the worker nodes. A broadcast variable can only be created by an explicit call to the broadcast() operation. That's also incorrect. The broadcast hash join also creates a broadcast variable. And that's why we call it broadcast join. A broadcast variable is entirely cached on the driver node, so it doesn't need to be present on any worker nodes. That's not correct. The driver will broadcast the broadcast variable, but it is cached at the worker node. The driver does not cash it. A broadcast variable is entirely cached on each worker node, so it doesn't need to be shipped or shuffled between nodes with each stage. That's perfectly correct, and that's the purpose of the broadcast. We broadcast the value to all worker nodes to avoid shuffle. A broadcast variable is saved to the disk of each worker node to be easily read into memory when needed. No. It is cached in the memory, and it should be small enough to fit in the memory. Make sense? Great! Let's go to the next question. Which of the following operations is most likely to induce a skew in the size of your data's partitions? That's a great question. Let's go one by one on the options. The first one is the DataFrame.collect(). The collect() method sends data from the executors to the driver. So, in that case, all the partitions from all the executors will go to a single driver. Right? There aren't any partitioning, so new skewed partitions. Make sense? Okay, the next one is DataFrame.cache(). The cache() method will bring data to spark memory and keep it there. The cache() method doesn't alter the existing partitions, so it cannot induce a skew. The next one is DataFrame.repartition(n). The repartition can induce a skew if you are repartitioning your data using a key or column. But repartition(n) is to create N uniform partitions. So this guy is also safe, and it cannot induce a skew. The next one is DataFrame.coalesce(n), and that one is the culprit. The coalesce(n) will merge local partitions at the data node. It doesn't cause a shuffle but only takes locally available partitions and merges them. So think of the following situation. You have three data nodes. The first data node has ten equal local partitions, the second has only five local but equal partitions, and the third has only one local partition. You are doing coalesce(5). What will happen? Spark will merge ten partitions at the first data node and create two partitions. The second data node will also create two partitions merging five into two. The last one will have only one partition because there is less than what you asked for. So what did you do? You created a skew. Right? So DataFrame.coalesce(n) always presents a danger of causing a skew, and that's your correct answer. Even repartition() on a column or a key may cause a skew. But this question is asking about repartition(n), which will always cause a shuffle and create uniform n partitions. So repartition(n) cannot induce a skew. The last one is DataFrame.persist() which is the same as DataFrame.cache(). So the persist will also not cause skew. Let's go to the next question. Which of the following data structures is Spark DataFrames built on top of? Well. This one is the easiest. The correct answer is the RDD. Spark DataFrames are built on top of Spark RDDs. LEt's go to the next question. In general, Spark creates one Spark Job for one action. That's a true-false question, and the answer is true. Some spark actions such as show() or read() may cause multiple Spark Jobs. But most of the other actions will cause one Spark job. Make sense? Great! That's all for this video. See you again in the following quiz. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.