Welcome Back. So you practiced another set of Spark Applied Understanding questions. Let's look at those questions in detail. I will go through each question and evaluate all the options. We will select the correct answer and also understand why other options are incorrect. In between, I will try to recall your knowledge about Spark Applied understanding. Make sense? Great! Let's start with the first question. Setting spark.speculation to true will Okay. So this one should be an easy question. They are asking what is the use of spark.speculation configuration. Let's see the answers. The first one says, kill the slow running task and restart it on another node. That's incorrect. Spark speculation starts a duplicate copy of the task without killing the current one. The killing of the task happens when one of them finishes. Spark keeps the one who finishes first and kills the slower one. Right? Let's check out the next option. Re-launch one or more tasks if they are running slowly in a stage. That's correct. Spark speculation will re-launch one or more tasks if they are running very slow. So we found our answer. But let me check the other options. restart the task when it is running slow That's incorrect. Spark speculation doesn't restart the same task. It starts a new duplicate copy of the slow task. What is next? Fail fast if the Spark job is running slow and utilize the resources for other jobs. That's not correct. And it doesn't even relate to Spark speculation. Anyways, let's move to the next question. spark.memory.fraction is used for That's a good question. Let me read out the answers. Setting the percentage of memory used for caching and propagating internal data across the cluster. That's incorrect. The memory fraction is used to reserve the percentage of memory execution and storage pool combined. It has nothing to do with the chaining and propagation of data. Let's read the next option. Fraction of (heap space - 300MB) used for execution and storage pools. That's the correct answer. We already learned this in spark memory management. Right? The other two options must be incorrect. But let me read it. Expressing the total memory used by the spark task That's not correct. The default value of spark.memory.fraction is 60%, so it can't be total. Right? The last one says - Memory reserved for Spark executor That's also incorrect because it is just 60%, and the remaining 40% is the user memory which is also used by the spark executor. Anyways, we have already found the correct answer. Let's go to the next question. Which of the following describe optimizations enabled by adaptive query execution (SELECT TWO)? Good, let's see the options. AQE performs dynamic partition pruning. Nope. AQE and DPP are two different things. AQE optimizes skewed partitions before the shuffle That's incorrect. AQE optimization is based on the statistics collected at the time of shuffle. So it cannot perform any optimization before the shuffle. AQE attempts to convert sort-merge join to broadcast join That's correct. Converting sort-merge to broadcast is one of the three AQE optimizations. AQE performes coalescing post-shuffle partitions This one is also correct. AQE optimizes the number of shuffle partitions by coalescing them. And this is done on the reduce-side of the shuffle operation after the shuffle has taken place. Right? Let's go to the next question. The idea behind dynamic partition pruning (DPP) is to skip over the data you don't need in a query's results. This optimization technique works best in which scenario. Another good question. Let's go through the options. Applying filter conditions on your join key Well, DPP works best in scenarios where you have one large table and a small table in the join. The large table must be partitioned, and the small table should apply a broadcast. That is all. It doesn't care about the filter condition. You can apply filters to any column. It could be a join column or could be any other column. It doesn't matter for the DPP. So this option is incorrect. Let's read the next option. Joining fact and dimension tables That's a perfect statement. DPP works best for joining fact and dimension. So this one is the correct answer. Let's quickly check the other options. Applying a join between two large tables This option is incorrect, and we have already discussed it. DPP needs one small table which can go for a broadcast. So two large tables is an incorrect answer. Applying filter conditions on a partitioned table. This one is also incorrect. I already talked about it. DPP doesn't have anything to do with the filtering. Even if you do not apply any filter, Spark can still apply dynamic partition pruning. Great! Let's go to the next question. Inside a given Spark application (SparkContext instance), multiple parallel Spark jobs can run simultaneously if they were submitted from separate threads. What is the default scheduler used for scheduling Spark Jobs? This one is super easy. Right? Spark uses FIFO as a default job schedular. Right? We can change it to use FAIR schedular, but the default one is FIFO. Great! Let's move to the next question. What optimization happens in Spark when the property spark.sql.optimizer.dynamicPartitionPruning.enabled  is set to true? Great! So this one is another Spark DPP question. Let's see the options. It allows you to dynamically select a physical query plan based on the cost. Well, if they were asking about AQE, I could consider this option a correct statement because AQE modifies the physical query plan at runtime depending on the shuffle statistics. But this is not true for DPP. Dynamic partition pruning simply injects a subquery to apply the partition pruning. So this statement is incorrect. Let's see the next option. Spark will generate subquery/predicate for partition column when it's used as join key to allow you to read-only required data partitions. That's correct. DPP generates a subquery and injects it into the large table scan to eliminate partitions. So this statement is correct. What is next? Spark will dynamically select the partitioning strategy That's incorrect. DPP is nothing to do with the partition strategy. It is partition pruning, not partition strategy. Right? Spark dynamically handles skew in sort-merge join by splitting skewed partitions. Well, this is an AQE feature. But the question is about the DPP. So this one is also incorrect. Let's move to the next question. What happens when different join strategy hints are specified on both sides of a join. I talked about this in a video. Right? Spark will always give high priority to broadcast. So the second statement is correct. All other options are incorrect. What are the main considerations in tuning memory usage in your Spark application (SELECT TWO)? Okay. So Spark tuning is a vast topic, and there are many considerations, and they depend on the scenario. But this question wants you to choose the most obvious one. So let me read the options. Spark automatically tunes the memory usage. That's incorrect. Spark implements some intelligent memory allocation techniques for assigning memory to different tasks within a single executor. But that doesn't mean it automatically tunes the memory usage. Check the overhead of garbage collection. Okay. So they are suggesting we check for the garbage collection overhead and try to optimize it. And that's a good memory usage tuning approach for the Spark developers. So I will mark this one as a correct statement. Check the amount of memory used by your objects This one also looks like the correct thing to do. I mean, you can check the amount of memory used by your objects and accordingly increase or decrease the memory. That's what the tuning means. Right? So tuning memory means understanding the different components of memory and seeing where you have less memory and which portion has more than what we need. And then you tune it or configure it to the optimum levels. Make Sense? Great! What is the last option? Increase the executor memory to avoid memory problems Well, that's like a blind approach. You can increase the memory to solve the problem. But blindly increasing the memory may not be a good idea, and in some cases, it might create new problems. So I will not mark it correct. Good. Let's go to the next question. Spark dynamically handles skew in sort-merge join by splitting skewed partitions. Which configuration is used to enable this feature (SELECT TWO)? That's a simple question. Isn't it? They are talking about AQE. Right? But we need to select two configurations. And you already learned it. The first thing is to enable the AQE and the second thing is to enable skew-join optimization. So option two and option three are the correct answers. The other two configurations are invalid, and they don't even exist. Right? Great! Let's go to the next question. Spark Query optimization technique that simplifies tuning of shuffle partition number is known as Simple one. Isn't it? Tuning the number of shuffle partitions is the feature of AQE. We learned about three Spark adaptive query execution features, and dynamically determining the best value for the shuffle partition is one of those. Right? Great! That's all for this video. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.