In any programming language, it is important to write reusable code, so that the bigger project can become more manageable and Spark is no exception. Spark lets us reuse a notebook in another notebook using the %run magic command. We've seen this previously, but we want to apply that to our project so that our understanding becomes more concrete. So let's get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace and we are in the first ingestion file that we created, which is to ingest the circuit's data into our Data Lake. It's a very simple notebook, but still, there are a couple of things we can do to improve it. Firstly, as you can see, we got the folder path hardcoded here as well as in here for the Processed container. This is not a good idea because you want to be able to move between different environments without changing your notebook. Having this hardcoded in every notebook means when you want to debug your notebook, you'll have to go and change each one of your notebooks to change the folder path, which is not a good idea. We can put them in variables in another notebook and invoke that notebook from here, so that when you come to change the folder path, you just go and change that notebook and everything else would work without a problem. So that's one of the things we can do. The other thing that you can do is in every notebook, as you can remember, we are adding the ingestion date. So instead of writing the code specifically in each of the notebook, you can have a function in another child notebook and you can invoke that in every single notebook, and that will just do what you want to do. So let's do those two things, and that should help us demonstrate the power of the %run magic command and how you can use the contents of one notebook in another. So let's first create another notebook. So what I'm going to do is under the formula1 folder, I'm going to create another folder and I'm going to call this one as includes. And within that I'm going to create a new notebook and let's call this one as configuration. And that's attached to our cluster and that's a Python notebook as well, because we are dealing with Python here. It's going to be a very simple notebook. We just need to have three variables here containing the folder paths for Raw, Processed and the Presentation containers. Let's start with the Raw container. I'm going to have a variable here called raw folder path, and that's going to be assigned with the mounted location of our container, which is /mnt/formula1dl/raw. So that's done. Let's do the same for the processed and the presentation folder paths. So that's all we wanted to do here. But if you are using a student subscription, you wouldn't have been able to mount the Data Lake. It would be true for students who are using a company subscription, which doesn't give you access to Azure Active Directory. So in that case, please use the abfs protocol to access the folder paths. Let me show you how the code would look like in those scenarios. So this is what we would do, if we're using the abfs protocol instead of the mounts. But as you know, I've already mounted my storage account, so I'm going to use the mounts, but if you are using one of those accounts, which doesn't give you access to as your Active Directory, please use this second bit of this notebook. So I'm going to comment this one out. So now that we've created these variables to hold the folder path for our storage locations, we can use them in our ingestion notebooks. So let's switch over to the other notebook, which is under the ingestion folder. And the first file is this one. So let's add the %run command here, so that will be %run and then you need to navigate to the other folder. So we are in our ingestion folder and we got to go out of this folder into the Includes folder and invoke that one. So in order to go back one step, use the dot dot notation and then, we want to go to the Includes folder and run the configuration notebook. So let's execute that one. And as you can see, that's done. And let's see whether we can now use those variables. I'm just simply going to print the value of the raw folder path here just to see whether that's worked. So as you can see, that's worked really well. So we can delete that. Now let me copy that variable anyway, and let's use that in the appropriate places. So the first one is here, I'm going to use the F string just to replace the variable value here and instead of the folder path, I'm going to use the variable name with the folder path. And the next place we want to do that, is in our right to parquet file, so let's do exactly the same thing. We don't want this anymore, and this is going to be the processed folder path. And we want to use the F string so that the variable gets replaced in our string. So we've done both changes. We don't need to replace this one. This is just for testing we've got, once we've run it through we're going to delete that statement anyway. So let's click on Run all to see whether the changes we've done have worked. As you can see, the data has come out as we would expect it to. So let's create a notebook which will contain our functions. So again, let's switch to our includes and I'm going to create a notebook and I'm going to call this one as common functions, because we might have other functions specific for certain areas. For example, just ingestion. In this case, this can be a common function and click Create. So I'm going to create the function called add ingestion date, and this function would take in a DataFrame. And it will also return a DataFrame. So I'm going to create the output df. And as we know, we want to add the column to the input dataframe, so that would be input df.withColumn. And we know our column name is ingestion date. That's the one we want, but we want to update it with the current timestamp or populate it with a current timestamp. We also need to do one more thing, which is to import the current timestamp function. So that'll be from pyspark.sql.functions. And we want to import current timestamp. So we missed one thing we have'nt return the output df, so let's do that as well. return output_df. So basically what this function does is, it takes in a data frame and adds the ingestion date and returns the output dataframe. So let's just execute that. That worked. Okay. Let's now switch to the ingestion notebook. And we are going to use the function instead of the statements here. So I can delete this one and circuits final df now would be populated with a function called, so that will be the add ingestion date and then, that function needs the dataframe. So that should give us what we want. So what that's doing is calling the add ingestion date function by sending the previous dataframe and the output will be returned to the final df here. So it's exactly what we did, but we're doing it using a function. So let's again go up and add that Run command. So that works. Okay, so I'm going to do a Run all just to make sure everything works as we expect it to. So let's look at the output. And as you can see, we got the same output again. So just to summarize, the %run magic command basically runs the notebook and makes everything from that notebook available within the notebook from where it's being run. So one thing to be careful about is when you are doing a %run, you need to have that in its own cell, you can't combine it with anything else. So make sure you are putting a %run in individual cells. So next thing I'm going to do is to update all my files to use these run commands as well as the function that we've written. But without these changes, our notebooks work. We know that, but it is better to go and update them and that will give you a bit of experience doing this. Even though you'll have to do it eight times. But if you do run out of time, I'll make all these notebooks available, so you can just use those notebooks.