In this lesson, we are going to look at passing parameters to Databricks notebooks. In the last lesson, we established that the % run command gave us the ability to reuse code. In a similar manner, Parameters help us reuse the entire notebook. For example, if you processing data from two different sources with same characteristics, instead of writing two different notebooks, you can write one notebook and send the datasource name as a parameter and store that against the data. In our project, let's assume that we can get the data either from the Ergast API as we discussed before, or from the official Formula1 website directly. We want to process both datasets using the same notebooks, but want to store the datasource name against the data so that we can identify the origin of the data for any exploratory purposes. In this case, you can parameterized all our notebooks with the datasource name as a parameter and send the value at runtime. Widgets in Databricks help us do that. So we spoke briefly about these earlier, but let's implement this in our project to make our understanding a bit more firmed up. Here we are in our notebook for ingesting the circuits file. Let's start by looking at the help for our widgets utility within Databricks. Okay. As we discussed before, you've got a number of options, You can create a combo box dropdown or multi select or a text widget, but let's go with a simple one which is the text widget. And for that one you give a name of the widget and then you give a default value. And if you want to have a label, you would give a label as well. But in order to get the value from the text itself, we can use another method called Get. So to the method Get you give the name of the widget, then it will give you the value that's been passed in. So let's see how we use that. So I'm going to define the widget here. And I want to call this one as p_ data source, p here is for parameter. For the default value, I'm going to leave that as blank. So that means now you will see that parameter appearing here. And the next thing we want to do is, we want to get the value of the parameter into a variable. So again, I'm going to call the variable name as v_data source. And in order to get the value being passed in, you want to use the Get method in dbutils.widget, Okay, so with that, now the variable is going to have the value that's being passed in. So if I just define this as testing, for example. And if I execute that and if I come here and print the value of v_data source, I'm going to see the value testing. So for this notebook, we can send in a value and then this will take the value and pass it on. So now that we've done this, our objective here is to take that value being passed in and add it to our output, which is the parquet file is being written. So you can add it anywhere you like. I'm going to put it here where, we're renaming the columns. So let's add the withColumn method to add our data source. And the value here is the variable being sent in. But as we know, actually the variable is not of column type. So we can't use that. In order to use that, you need to use the lit function. And we're going to import that as well, so that it works. So that will be pyspark.sql.functions and import lit. Let me go over this one more time. So v_data source is just a text variable. But in order to add a column to a dataframe, you need to convert that to a column type and then you add that. So lit basically gives you the ability to convert a text into a column type, and then you can add that to a dataframe. So now that we've done this, let's run this through. Okay, So let's have a look at the columns being added here. As you can see, we've got data source as well. So let's quickly read the data back and we can see what's in the data. Okay. As you can see, we got the new column data source that's being populated with the value testing that, we sent in to the notebook. So at runtime, you can send whatever value you want to this notebook and it will populate that into this additional column here. I'd encourage you to go and make these changes to the other seven notebooks here, but I do appreciate that actually there are seven notebooks to do the changes to, and it will take a bit of time. So if you are short on time, I'll provide all the eight files and you can download them and take them from here. I'll see in the next lesson.