Now that we have eight different notebooks and so far we've been running them by hand, you might be wondering how they're executed in production scenarios. Databricks offers jobs that you can schedule to run a specific time are a regular interval, which is great, but it lacks a lot of functionality that you would normally get with any kind of scheduling tools. For example, you can't create dependencies between jobs. To address that Databricks offers and utility called notebook utility, which lets you create notebook workflow. We are going to look at that in this lesson. Having said that, if you are in Azure, you're not likely to be using Databricks to create workflows and scheduling jobs in production, due to its inferior functionality. Azure offers a much better workflow tool called Azure Data Factory. And that's what you will be using. We will cover the important aspects of Azure Data Factory later in this course. It won't be a full blown Data Factory course, because it's too broad, but we will cover the important things which are required for this course. But I would also like to take you through the notebook workflow and databricks jobs so you can create quick jobs for testing or one of workloads without having to use Data Factory. So in this lesson, we'll look at the notebook workflow, as we said, and in the next lesson we'll look at Databricks jobs. So let's get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. So let's create a new notebook and ingestion. And I'm going to call this one as 0.ingest all files. And we want to have a Python as the default language and attach to the cluster and click create. So we're going to use the dbutils called notebook. So let's look at the help for that one. As you can see, it's only got two methods. One is a Run, for which you can send a notebook name and the time out in seconds and if you have any arguments, then it'll run that. And the other one is to send an exit value. So you can use the Run to run a notebook. And the notebook being run can use the exit to send back a value. So first, let's use the Run method to invoke our ingest circuits file. And let's specify zero, which is the default value, so it doesn't time out at all. And we want to send in an argument. We have the argument, which is our data source, which is called p_data source. So that needs to be sent as a dictionary. So our argument name was p_data source. And let's give the value as a Ergast API, because that's where we are getting the data from and let's run that. And as you can see, it ran as a job, notebook job and it took 18 seconds. So let's open this up. I'll open it in a new tab. And let's go through. As you can see, these things have succeeded. And the parameter being passed in is Ergast API. So hopefully that's gone into the data as well. And all of these have succeeded. And as you can see, the final output is also looking good. So we've got a Ergast API in the data source as well. So that's kind of work. But one thing you may notice is if that has failed, then you've got nothing to tell us that actually there is a failure. So what you can do is you can add the dbutils.notebook. exit command to add an exit status to the other notebook. So let's do that. If you come over to the workspace and we need to do that in the notebook being called. I'm going to open this in another tab. The shortcuts are if you are in Mac, you can use Control and then click Enter. Or if you're in Windows use Control and then click Enter. It's open that in another tab here for me. So I've got a couple of tabs open. So what we want to do is the last statement here as dbutils.notebook.exit, and I'm going to send out an exit command of success. So if it succeeded, then you are going to have the value as success, otherwise it'll be blank. So we can close that now. And I'm going to call this and capture the value in a variable. So that could be called v_result. = dbutils.notebook.run, so it returns the value that's going to go into the variable result. So let's execute that again. So let's print the value of the v_ results, that as you can see that's success. So what you can do is if you wanted to run the next notebook only if this is succeeded, then you can write a statement. So if v_result is success, then carry on otherwise you can fail here. So in case of ingestion and then if you want to do some transformations and then make it available for a presentation layer, you could say only when all my ingestion have succeeded, I want to do the transformation, so you can capture the exit code and then execute the following notebooks, only based on the condition there. So that's how it works. So I'm going to put all the other notebooks in here now. So that's all done now. So let's just execute this. I'm going to do a Run all, it's supposed to execute all our files and we should see the results after that as well. Okay, that's completed now, but I haven't got the results as success with the other ones. That's because I haven't added the exit code to other notebooks, so I'll quickly go and add them and then we can come back and run it again. Okay, so that's now completed and we got success for all of the notebooks here. So this is how you chain your notebooks and they run based on dependencies, so you can have dependency on the outcome of one notebook execution for the next one. So one thing you may have noticed is the execution of the second notebook, waited for the first one to finish. In scenarios, where actually you might want to run them in parallel as well. So you might wondering how do we do that? So Databricks gives you the ability, but that is basically using the Python constructs such as Threads to do it. And let me pull up the help for that one here. So this page has got the implementation on how to run multiple notebooks. So there is an example as well here. So I would like you to go away and have a look at that. As I said before, generally these kind of things are not done in Databricks, because of its limited capability within the scheduler itself. You'll have to write Python code like this in order to achieve concurrent execution and things like that. So instead of this in a production scenario, you would go to Azure Data Factory, because that gives you a rich set of capabilities. Like you can execute things in parallel, you can have different types of clusters for each one of them and all of that kind of stuff. So we will look at that later. But I just wanted to say to you that this is possible and there is an option here. I'll leave the link in the useful links section of the course, for you to go away and investigate. So that's the end of this lesson. Thank you.