In this lesson, we are going to look at Databricks Jobs. Basically jobs, let us schedule a notebook to run at specified time at regular intervals. While creating the job, we can specify a number of options such as the cluster type, we want to use, the parameters to be sent to the notebook, etc.. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and explore the options as well as create a job to execute our ingestion notebooks. In order to create jobs, you come over to the Jobs icon here and you can create a job from here. Click Create Job, and we need to specify a job name. I'm going to call mine as F1 ingestion. And you need to specify the configuration for the job. So you've got a couple of options for the schedule type. So either you can set it to Manual, so that means it won't run until you go and click Run Now to execute it. And Scheduled is to schedule it to run a specified time. So it can be every day, every hour or every minute or month or week, whatever you want to specify, you can specify that and then it will run at those intervals. I'm going to set mine to Manuals, because we're going to just run it once. And you specify the task details here. So the first thing we want to do is to pick the notebook. Let's pick a notebook from our ingestion pipeline. We probably want to run the ingest all files, but I'm going to show you how to pass in a parameter value, because this one has got parameters. Let's pick this one, so which is the circuits file and click Confirm. And in terms of picking up the cluster, you can have a Job Cluster or an Interactive Cluster. So we already created the Interactive Cluster and we can run things in there. We've already done Interactive Cluster as part of our work, so let's pick a Job Cluster. But we don't want to have 126 gigabytes and 36 cores, it's too big for our work. So let's click Edit and let's pick the Sigle Node Cluster, because that's the only one people on three tier can use. But others, if they want to use the Standard Cluster, you can pick the Standard Cluster. So let's pick the Single Node Cluster and we are using version 8.0 for this course, but you can pick 8.2. I don't think it makes any difference and we want to specify the node type so similar to what we did previously for the All Purpose Cluster, you got all the options. So I'm going to go with the default of the DS3 v2 with four cores. And you've got the Advanced Options to specify these Spark configurations and things like that as well, or any scripts you want to run as part of the cluster creation and things like that. So let's click Confirm. So we got the cluster detail specified. Now we want to add the parameters. So for this one, as you know, we've got one parameter which is called p_data source. And we want to specify the value. So I'm going to call it a E API just to give it a different value to what we've already done. And the next thing you've got is Advanced options, so you can specify any dependent libraries similar to what I showed you as part of the Interactive Cluster, you can pick up a library from any of these sources and any of these types and get them deployed as part of the Job Cluster creation. And also you've got retry policy, so you can specify how many retries you want to you want to do. So one time will be two attempts. So if it fails, it's going to try one more time, otherwise it will just go with what you specify in here. I'm going to leave it as No retries. And the last option is Edit Timeout. So you can say, actually, if my job is running for say, over a certain number of seconds, I want a timeout. So you can do that. The default is zero. That means it won't timeout. So I'm going to leave the default settings as well. And here you specify the maximum number of concurrent runs. So how many concurrent runs of this job is allowed? We'll leave it as one. And if you wanted to add any alerts, you can do that. So you can send an email to yourself on either set Start, Success or Failure of the job as well. So we've done everything we wanted to do. And let's click on Create, and that should create the job and leave it at post state. So let's go to the Runs and then as you can see here, there are no runs for this job, but you've got the option to run it now. So you can change the parameter values at runtime if you wanted to, but we don't want to do that in this case. So let's click on Run now and it should spin up the Job Cluster and it should execute the notebook and give us the results as well. As I said before, as part of the cluster lessons, Job Clusters are cheaper than All Purpose or Interactive Clusters. So whenever there is an opportunity to run a job, go for a Job Cluster, because that's cost efficient for you. So let's click View Details to look at the details. As you can see, it's provisioning the cluster now, so it will take about 4 to 5 minutes to provision the cluster and it'll execute the notebook for us. As you can see, the execution has now completed and it's moved to the completed run. So let's have a look at the details here. And. We sent in the data source as E API rather than Ergast API just to see whether that managed to go through. And also, as you can see, it's done everything it's supposed to do. And notebooks exited with a success code and we got the data source as E API as well. So that's brilliant. When you click back on the Jobs, it's going to put you in this screen where you'll see all the jobs, you've created and the last run is here as succeeded. But in order to see any history, you can go into the Job and then look at the previous runs. And if you wanted to change the configuration, you can change that and then you can update it. Let's change our configuration to use the notebook we intend to use, which is the ingest all files, and I'm going to click Confirm on that one. And for this one, there is no parameters to be sent because the parameter is inside the notebook. But if we wanted to, we could parameterized that as well. And let's click Save. And then if I come back to runs, I'm going to click Run now and it's going to execute the job for us. And that job is now running. So again, that will take about 4 to 5 minutes to execute and then we can come back after that. Okay, So that execution has finished as well. It took a bit longer, because we've run eight notebooks within the job. So that's brilliant. But before we finish, I want to just show you one more thing you might be wondering, it's running Job Clusters, Where are they and how do we see them? So if you switch to clusters, we've got the All Purpose Cluster, that's what we created earlier. Mine's terminated because I've not been using it. And Job Clusters, you would see them under here. So as you can see, we got two runs and both of them have got separate clusters for those. If I go into one of them, as you can see, there is no option to start your cluster. So when you have a job cluster, it gets spun up and the jobs run and it gets terminated and you can't go back and restart a Job Cluster. We went through this before, but I just wanted to show you how they looked and if you wanted to see the execution of the job, you can navigate it from here as well. So this is kind of what we saw previously, and this is the executions here as well. So I hope that's given you a complete picture of Databricks jobs and the clusters and how they all hang together. And also the notebook workflow which we went through in the last lesson. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.