So in this lecture, I'm going to show you sample questions, the official ones, and how I would answer them, and why I would answer them in this way. So it's good if you've never seen a test from AWS to see those with me because I tell you how to think about these questions, and I can really save you the day of the exam. So click on this link, and let's go. So you're going to answer 20 questions and I suggest you do this in your own time. The questions order is random. So the order I have is different from yours. So I suggest, go for the 20 questions, try, and then if you're interested, watch me how I do it. So here we have the inference options of SageMaker from the lowest latency to the highest latency. So AWS has a very good tendency to have keywords as lowest, highest, cost-effective, these kind of things. So you need to look for those. This is an ordering question. So we need to choose which one is the lowest latency and which one is the highest. So real time inference is definitely the lowest, then we have asynchronous inference and then batch transform. So it's something to learn about, but batch transform can be big. It could be like many, many different files. So it could take some time. So we confirm and say it looks good. So as you can see, real time is up to 60 seconds processing time. Asynchronous is up to one hour, and then batch is for offline processing. To me, this is not a great question because sometimes batch can be quicker than asynchronous, but this is the way this is on AWS for now. So here, a travel company wants to use a pre-trained GenAI model to turn background images for marketing materials. So we don't have any expertise, and we don't want to customize and host them all. So this is very important because it tells you we want to use a managed service, okay? To generate images. So you can either proceed by elimination because you know that JumpStart is not. Recognition is not, sorry, and Personalized is not, which leaves you with Bedrock and SageMaker. Now, both have the ability to create machine learning models and create background images, but here the determining factor is gonna be around that we don't want to customize and host the model, and so therefore we want to use a fully managed service, and this is Amazon Bedrock. SageMaker would be used if you wanted to actually customize the model to your needs because you have more control in SageMaker. Okay, so next we want to increase the consistency and quality of LLN responses by providing the model with access to external source of knowledge, and we want the least development effort. So again, this is kind of the keyword that we need to look at for least development efforts. So definitely we want to access external sources of knowledge. So in-context learning and prompt engineering are not good, which leaves us with fine tuning and RAG, and again, to choose between the two, what is providing us the least development efforts? Definitely this one because with fine tuning, we need to create the data, send it to the model, validate the model and so on. Whereas this is very easy to set up if you remember. Okay, so what is the FM in the context of GenAI? So here we look at the definitions and very quickly we see that it's a large general purpose model. So this is a definition. (chuckles) There's no trick here. So let's confirm this. Okay, here we are deploying a solution to enhance a knowledge base with semantic search capability, and we want to integrate it with Amazon Bedrock. So which company can use to secure access to Amazon Bedrock? So this is a distractor because they're telling you about some context, but this is enough. Which service can be used to secure access to Amazon Bedrock? So in AWS, anything that is around securing access to a service is always centrally managed through AWS Identity and Access Management, or IAM, always, always, always. So then some of the questions, as you can see, they can be distracting. They're talking about semantic search capabilities. So you're thinking about RAG. You're thinking about vector databases, but no, no, no. This is the question. This is around securing access to Amazon Bedrock. Okay, so we wanna record API calls that are made to Amazon Bedrock. Again, for me it's enough recording API calls and having logs of who made it, when and so on. There's one service in AWS that does it. It's this CloudTrail, and you need to know it absolutely 100%. Okay, so we need to customize the FM by using proprietor datasets instead of using pre-trained FM. What are the trade offs of customizing the FM? So we are customizing the foundational model. So it doesn't give us higher latency, definitely higher costs because we saw that we need to train the model, and this costs us some money. Definitely doesn't reduce accuracy, and hallucination, no, they're not increased. They actually decrease because we have our own dataset. So now it's a decreased hallucination. So definitely higher implementation complexity because now you need to provide your own dataset, have machine learning engineers to have everything set up and so on. So yeah, still good. Okay, so now we need to select the correct services for these questions. So between Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock and AWS Identity and Access Management. So implement identity verification and resource-level access control. This is IAM in AWS for anywhere. Set policies to avoid specific topics in GenAI applications. So this is peculiar to a service. So definitely Guardrails for Bedrock. Filter harmful contents is also for Bedrock. Define users and permissions to access Amazon Bedrock. So here they're trying to trick you because they talk about Amazon Bedrock, but this is about the user roles and permissions. So this is definitely IAM, and then monitor, analyze user inputs to ensure compliance with safety policy. This is an application-level concern. So Guardrails for Amazon Bedrock. Okay, so here we talk about assessing the security posture for the vulnerabilities in Amazon EC2 and ECR. So this is a weird one because it talk about AI applications, but the question is really not about AI. It's about assessing risks for Amazon EC2 instances and ECR containers, and so therefore there's one service that does it, which is going to be Amazon Inspector. That's a definition of Inspector. So this is a question that's more about AWS and less about AI for sure. It's just about knowing what Inspector is. You don't even need to know what EC2 (laughs) is or ECR is. That's the kind of basic questions you get at the exam sometimes. So let's confirm this. Now we want to use GenAI to create product descriptions on its websites. What are some limitations of GenAI? So yes, that's definitely true. So it might produce biased and inappropriate content, but let's look at the rest. We can definitely handle large volumes of data. So this one is not correct. We can definitely generate multiple languages. So this one is not correct, and GenAI definitely understand and incorporate product specification details. That's what makes them so powerful. So the issue is the first one for sure. We can proceed by intuition or elimination. So this is a case study, and we have three questions on this one case study. So here we have insights from diverse data sources, and we want to improve business operations. We have audio from call centers, text feedback from customers, product images and scanned documents. So that's some context. Now the question is which combination of steps will help us identify new products categories based on historic images? So we have historic images. So we definitely have like training model in Amazon Recognition, and to train the model in Amazon Recognition, we see that we need to provide labeled images. This is a requirement because we're going to identify new product categories this way. So this is the one. They're tricking you with unlabeled historic images, but definitely labeled, if you remember, and because they have like two of the similar answer either unlabeled or labeled, it tells you that one of these two is correct, and then we have an option of choosing Textract, Recognition or Comprehend, and again, we just need to proceed by elimination, but Recognition is the correct service for this for sure. Okay, so what service can detect texts and handwriting from invoices that are stored in PNG formats? So this is Textract to detect text and handwriting. As you can see, this question is not even related to the case study. So be careful about this. Sometimes the question is enough on its own. Which solution will improve transcription accuracy for domain-specific speech? So we're talking about transcription. So it's going to be transcribed, and as you can see, we have two answers about Transcribe and the rest about Lex and Translate. So intuitively, these ones are not correct, and one of these two is going to be correct. Now, is it batch or is it custom language? And because we have a domain-specific speech, we need to have a custom language, and we're good to go. Now, what is a valid format for instruction-based fine tuning? So this is something you need to know. So this is a labeled data, and they have to be prompt-response text pairs, but all of this, of course, is seen in the course. So you have a high accuracy on data, training data, but low accuracy on testing data. So what is it between all of these? So again, you need to remember the definition, but this is overfitting. So now we have SageMaker for ML models, and we want to create a record of model information. So we have the uses, risk rating, trading details and evaluation results. So which SageMaker feature will help us? This is not role managers. This is for access control, model dashboards, to see all the dashboards, all the models. Model Monitor is to see the quality of models, and if you get alarms. So Model Cards, it is in that definition of it. So you can see, the exam is pretty straightforward. So now we want to access the performance of assess for a text generation foundation model. So which technique will help us? So here we're talking about a metric. So reinforcement learning and fine tuning are out of the question, but then we have F1 score and ROUGE, and so remember what we saw. F1 score is going to be used for binary classification models, and ROUGE is going to be used for looking at texts from a text generation purpose. So this question is not asking you about ROUGE versus BLEU versus VERT score. It's really asking you to find the difference between concepts that are very, very different. So this is why don't worry too much if you can't differentiate ROUGE versus BLEU versus VERT score. Okay, so we want to evaluate credit contracts adhere to compliance rules, and you want to reduce the human efforts, and we want to an open source of a foundation model. So open source is none of these three. So this is definitely JumpStart for sure. So here I used elimination. Now I want to generate personalized product descriptions, and how do we do it with the least operational efforts? So here we have a few-shot prompting with examples of well-written product descriptions, which I like. Zero shot with no examples, probably doesn't give us good personalized descriptions. Fine tuning is going to work if we have the description as fine tuning, but is it the least operational effort? No, because it requires us to create this dataset and send it to the model and so on, and then continue pre-training as well would work, but again, too much effort. So here, few-shot prompting as a prompt engineering technique with examples will do the work. Here we have. We're going to select two. So two is important keyword to look at, and so we want to increase the number of variables in the training datasets and modify the behavior of the algorithm. So it's asking you two questions. So to increase the number of variables, we need to do what's called feature engineering, and to modify the behavior of the algorithm, this is about the hyperparameter tuning. So be careful here because two questions, two answers, and that's it. 100% correct, but, (chuckles) of course, I did it before, but really shows you that the course is up to date and hopefully you understand now how to possibly have a few tips and tricks to answer the exam questions. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.