Okay, so let's learn about CodeCommit. So I'm just going to open the CodeCommit console. So in this CodeCommit, as we see on the left hand side, we have access to CodeCommit, CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, and CodePipeline all in one UI. So right now we'll be starting with CodeCommits. So I currently have no repositories. So let's get started in create a repository. And I will just call it my-nodejs.app. You could add description and tags, but we'll just go ahead and create our odeCommit repository. So here we are riched with connection steps. And so as we can see, we have HTTPS, SSH or HTTPS GRC. And here, if you don't see SSH, that means you're not connected using the roots, you're connect to using the root account and not using an IAM User. So in this example, I'm connected using my IAM Users defined. And so if you're using root, you will not see SSH, but if you're not using root, you should see SSH. Okay, so right now, we will not go over the connection steps, we'll go over that in the next lecture. So right now what we're to do, is to explore the CodeCommit UI. So let's go into the code. And here is my-nodejs-application. And what we can do is we can create a file. So we'll add a file, and I will upload a file. And I need to choose a file to upload. So currently, we can only do one file at a time. So I'm gonna go to my code, and then go to CICD, nodejs-v2-blue and choose the index of HTML file, we had from before. So we're going to upload that file, the author name is Stephane and the email address is stephane@example.com. And the commit message is first commit. Then I'm going to click on commit changes and this will create my first AWS CodeCommit commit. So as you can see, now, my repository has the index.html file in it, which is the one we use from before in Elastic Beanstalk. And we know it is the one because if we scroll down, we can look at the fact that the background color, is navy blue. So it has created a commit with a commit ID and this is something specific to get. And the commit has been done onto a branch, and that branch is called master. And so this is why it says master here, it is the default branch and the first branch to get created. But in CodeCommit, you can go ahead and create more branches, if you want developers to collaborate together. So right now we're good. We have a repository my-nodejs-app, and it contains an index.html. Now let's go over the options in CodeCommits. So the first one is pull request, and pull request is to allow developers to merge their changes from a different branch, into your master branch, for example. So you would need to create a pull request, we're not going to do this, this is more advanced something you need to know, in the DevOps exam. But pull requests are here to help you merge your changes, from other branches into your main branch. Then here on the left hand side, you can look at your commits. So we can see we did our first commit right here, and we can browse the repository at the time of this commits. Or we can look at a Commit Visualizer. So if you had multiple commits, they would appear here and also Compare commits if you wanted to compare, a certain branch to another branch. Okay, next let's talk about branches. So currently, we only have the master branch, and it is the default branch. And we could go ahead and create another branch, if we wanted to call it for example, the dev branch or the test branch or whatever you want, and where to branch it from. So you would create a dev branch, branch out of master, I'm not going to do this, is more advanced. Right now we'll keep on doing this tutorial, with only the master branch. Get tags is something we're not using right now, so we'll just skip it. And finally, settings. So let's go over the settings. Here, we can find our repository name, the ID and the ARN, as well as the description. Then we can go into notifications, and this is important. This is where we will create notification rules, for our code repository. So let's go ahead and create a notification rule. We're just going to give it DemoNotificationRule. And then whatever details we want in the notification, it could be full to get the full information or basic to get some basic information. It doesn't matter, we'll just keep it as full and then the events that will trigger these notifications. So we can get to comments on commits on a pull request. Approval status to Status change and Rule override. Pull request, so whenever the source was updated, created, status changed or merged, and branches and tags are created, deleted and updated. So these represents some changes happening, on your CodeCommit repository, you could go ahead and click on Select all to of them all. And then you just select a target of these notification rule. So it could be an SNS topic or Chakbox Slack and you can create another target. So we can create an SNS topic or a chatbot Slack, will keep it as SNS topic, and it has to start with codestar-notification, I think, and then you can rename it. So I'll just call call it codecommit. And then the name is going to be lab, something like this codecommit-lab. And here we go, I can create this SNS topic. And so this is a topic that will be notified whenever any of these things happen. And an SNS topic will help us for example, trigger an email alert or something like this. Okay, we'll click on submits. And here we go, we have created our first notification rule. And we can look at the settings here, edit it or delete it. But right now we're good. We'll go to View notification rules. Okay, excellent, and they are on the left hand side, under the settings. So to go back to our CodeCommit, we need to go into Source, Repositories, and then in here, and we are able to go on the left hand side to settings and get back to our Notifications. Okay, so we're good to go. Next is a Trigger. So we can create a trigger, and I'll call it DemoTrigger. And the triggers are more on specific actual code events. So we can have push to existing branch, create branch or tag or delete branch or tag that is a bit of overlap, based on the notification rules, but push to existing branch for example, is something new. You can specify the branches name, for example, master. And again, the service you want to trigger based on these events. So would it be SNS and we can choose the exact same SNS topic or a Lambda function when we get to see Lambda. So just create rate the trigger. And here we go, we have created a different trigger, that will be sending a notification to SNS whenever something happens, in our CodeCommit repository. Finally, Repository tags which should be tags, if you wanted to tag a repo, but for now, we won't do it. And that's all. So right now we've just pushed some information and some files into our CodeCommit repository. In the next lecture, we'll be setting up our credentials to have a way to do this programmatically. So we'll see you in the next lecture.