Okay, so now I want show you how we can push our code directly into Code Commit without using the add file or upload file UI. Because, this is obviously not much practice. So for this, we have to go back to IAM and there's something we haven't seen yet. So, lets go to IAM and on the left hand side find our users, find myself, and I'm going to go to security credentials. So here we've seen that we've created access keys from before and we know this, but if you scroll down there are two little options we missed. The first one is SSH keys for AWS Code Commit and the second one is HTTPS Git credentials for AWS Code Commit. So, if you're a Git expert and you already know how Git works and you use SSH keys already, you can just go ahead and upload your SSH public key here, and your Git integration will be working. You will go to clone URL and you would say clone SSH, and you would copy this, uh, URL right here, this SSH URL into your Git clone and you'll be done. But for the newbies, if you've never done such thing before, well we can do is get a little bit further and use HTTPS Git credentials for Code Commit. So how do we do this? Well we can generate two, up to two username and passwords directly to use HTTPS to connect to directly into Code Commit. So going into them you need to remember, the, the fact that there's both SSH keys are supported and HTTPS as well for Code Commit. Lets go ahead and click on generate. Here, my GIT credentials have been generated and I'm going to download the credentials right here, close. Okay, excellent. Now I can see that my GIT credential is active. I can reset the password, make it inactive and so on. So, now, how do we go from here? Well here, we can go back and use the clone URL and we can do clone HTTPS. In this case, it copies a HTTPS type of URL. So you don't need to know GIT going into the exam, but just for the sake of this of this hands on, if you wanna follow for the whole section you need to install it. Now, you don't need to be an expert, just follow along with me and you'll be fine. So to install GIT just add install Git, and then your machine. So if you have a Ubuntu, Windows and Mac then basically you'll have to install something. For me it's install GIT on Mac, and I'll just follow the instructions. So I just, I encourage you to do this and then follow me when you install GIT. So now that GIT is installed for me, you can make sure of it by just typing the GIT command and you should get minus minus version. For example, it gives you the GIT version, I have 2.9.2. And so, by just doing GIT, if your GIT version you're good to go with this tutorial. If not, you should just see how to basically install GIT, such as you get the GIT command on your platform. So now we need the HTPS, code commit URL. So clone URL, clone HTTPS and it right here. I can also copy it from here if I wanted to, just in case. And then I will type, GIT clone and then the whole URL right here. Press enter. And then you get asked for your username and you will get asked for your password. So let me just go ahead and enter this. Here's my username, and my password. Press enter, and then when you're ready it's gonna start to count objects remotely, and checking the connectivity, and it's done. So now we have a new folder called the nodejs app folder. So I'll go in it, and then because I have a terminal that's integrated with GIT, it tells me that I am a master. If I do "LS" I can see the index html file, that we've had from before. So this is quite awesome, because now we have the index dot html file and we can start adding files as we go along, later down in this course, using the GIT command. But this is proof that we just established a GIT connectivity between our computer and the (unintelligible) using the HTPS credentials we setup IAM. So now just to show you how things work with GIT, I'm just going to copy a few files in this directory, and then we're going to commit these files straight into our (unintelligible) So I'll just copy file from my nodejs-blue app and I'll copy all of them into here. So this is just a command, so just now if you do, uh look what's in our directory we can that there is the app.js, cron.yaml, index.html and package.json file. So, all these files have been copied from my previous directory, into this current directory. And so now you git status, you get, uh, a message from GIT saying, "Hey, looks like you have a few files that have been added right here, in your (unintelligible) and they're un-tracked." So for adding them we do GIT add and then we will just, do dot to add the (unintelligible) So now if you do GIT status again, we can see that these files have been added and they're new files. So now we do a commit message saying, "added missing files to repository" And you can commit whatever you want really. So now, all these files have been added, into it. And now we see my master is green, and then finally what I have to do is GIT push, to push my changes into Code Commit. So now, as you can see, the commit has been pushed to Code Commit and we should be all right. Now, lets go and check Code Commit, and lets refresh this page. And yes indeed, my new files have been pushed directly into my Code Commit repository. So we have the four of them now, we can have like this app.js file and we could edit it in here if we wanted to but it's just really not best practice. Usually you edit your code with a code editor. And so, yes, it's good. All, uh, our files have been uploaded into this repository, so this is excellent. We could also look at the commit history and see that, yes indeed, um, there is a first version that was uploaded like a while back, twenty minutes ago. And now we just add the missing files to the repository, so we can see the whole commit history and start getting the hang of, like, how, code commit works. So that's it, just remember, here for security how things work so we can, connect using SSH or HTTPS. And if you need some help, again with the connection steps just click here and it will take you straight to the documentation. All right, that's it for this lecture, I will see you in the next lecture.