WEBVTT So now we are done with all the hands on, and congratulations, this is a lot of things we just saw. What we need to do now is to just clean up our entire AWS so we don't overpay, and it's always best practice to clean up. So for you, you need to be a bit methodical. You need to go over the regions you've been into, so for me it's been Paris and it's been US East, North Virginia And what I have to do is go over all the services and see what we've used or not. I think that was a great time as well, to figure out and looked at what you've learned, so let's go by one by one. EC2 for sure you should look at it, and make sure you delete any remaining instances of the scaling group load balancers that you have. Lamda, we need to delete all the Lamda functions, they don't cost you anything if they stay there but it's always best practice to clean up after yourself. Beanstalking lets you make sure you remove all of your applications you've created, as well as the environments. S3 you need to look at your buckets, make sure you don't have any left over buckets or files too big. You're not going to pay for S3, again it's for a free tier, but it's always good to clean up. RDS, delete your database recruited, DynamoDB makes sure you delete all your tables, indexes, etc. And make sure that your total capacity does not go over 10, other wise after 10 RCU and 10 WCU are going to go over budget and start paying for DynamoDB. In terms of migration, we haven't used it. For VPC you can go in Route 53 and delete things which you have there. Remember you've paid for the main maybe, so you won't be able to get your money back for this. API Gateway, make sure you remove all the API's we've created. I believe there were three API's. In terms of developer tools, we've seen codebit, CodeCommit, CodeBuild, CodeDeploy and CodePipeline, so all these things can be removed and you should look at it. CloudWatch should set multiple alarms, events, dashboards, so make sure you clean that up. CloudFormation is great, because to just clean up CloudFormation you click on a CloudFormation stack, right click, delete, and you're done. Then in terms of Systems Manager, we have created some few parameters, so we can also remove them from there. We haven't seen any Media Services nor Machine Learning nor Analytics. Oh yes, we've seen Kinesis, I don't know why they've put it in Analytics, but we've definitely seen Kinesis, so make sure you delete any Kinesis stream you have, they are very expensive and there are none in the free tier. In terms of security, we have Cognito we've used, and we've also used IAM, although I would suggest you delete IAM stuff last, because everything depends on IAM. We haven't used any Mobile Services nor AR. In terms of Application Intregation, we've definitely used SNS and SQS, and here you can just see quickly, Step Function, SWF as well, you can go ahead and play with those if you wanted to. And that's it in terms of all these things we haven't seen on the right side. But what we've seen is, I think, an impressive overview of all the tools from AWS. Obviously there is a ton we have left out, but they are not included in the exam, which is good enough for us. So make sure you clean up after yourself, go in there, delete everything you've created, just so you have no surprises. And then make sure you do it in a region you're in for me it's Paris and I'm going to have to do it in North Virginia as well. So that's it. I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next lecture.