So let's have a look at Amazon Augmented AI. So let's type augmented AI here. We click on it and we are taken into the SageMaker console. So this is part of Amazon SageMaker right now. So here, we can get human review workflow for very common machine learning use cases such as content moderation or text extraction from documents. So we can review predictions made from Amazon Rekognition and Amazon Textract or your own models if you wanted to with a custom task. So let's create a human review workflow, and I wanna show you the task types. So we have different ones. We have Textract to review key-value pair extraction or Rekognition to do image moderation or Custom to have your own custom workflow. So here with image moderation, this is to review any unsafe content such as very explicit adult content or violent content. So we want humans to review this and make sure that the predictions made by Amazon Rekognition are correct. So here we need to say at the bottom, what are the conditions to invoke a human review on Amazon Rekognition through Amazon Augmented AI? So here we're saying, hey, if the label has a low confidence score, for example, zero to 50, then send it to Amazon Augmented AI. Or you can also randomly send a sample of all images and their labels for humans to review. For example, let's say 5% of our images are going to be sent to Amazon Augmented AI for review no matter what. So then you have a worker task template creation and design. And so this is where you're going to explain what you want the workers to do. And here we say, please review the images and all applicable categories. And they will have to check if they see some nudity, if they see some sexual activity, if they see just like stuff that could be considered offensive or violent. So, I will not do the full description of what goes on in here, but it's a lot to read. And then the workers, so who will review this kind of work? It could be Amazon Mechanical Turk workers. You have over half a million independent contractors that will be doing this work for you. And you set a price for a task, for example, 1.20 cents or 2.40 cents or whatever you want, all the way up to $1 per task. So you set the price you want. Or it could be a private team. It's a team of your own employees that can do this kind of review, or vendors where you go and go through the AWS Marketplace to find third-party vendors that will provide you with humans specializing in these kind of services. And that's it. So you've seen how to use Amazon Augmented AI. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.