So now let's have a look at the deployment of app updates. So for this, let's go under configuration on the left hand side, and then we are in the prod environment. We scroll down and we are looking for updates, monitoring, and logging. So we click on edit. And underneath we have at some points, rolling updates and deployments. So we have the application deployments, which is, okay, we deploy a new application version. What is going to happen and how is it going to be deployed? So here we have a couple of deployment policy. We have all at once, and all at once just gives your code update to all the instances at one, you will be down, but it will be the fastest. As you can see, you can choose between fixed and percentage, but actually these are disabled. So these settings do not matter for all at once. They're just remained within the UI for some reason. For rolling, then these settings become available. So we take down some instances, we upgrade them, and then we go and move on. So the batch size could be either a percentage, for example, 30% of instances at a time or fixed, for example, one instance at a time. So this is one option. Rolling with additional batch will add EC2 instances, will deploy to those and then we'll keep on having a batch. So we make sure that we maintain the same capacity no matter what, but there is an increased cost, because we are creating temporarily some EC2 instances to perform this update. And again, we can set up a percentage or a fixed. Then we have immutable. So immutable is creating a whole new set of instances we deploy to, and then we'll delete the old ones. So that's what we'll be experimenting with. And again, fixed and percentages don't make sense here, so they're disabled sort of. And then we have traffic splitting. So to split traffic to a percentage of new applications versions for X number of minutes before upgrading everything. So this is really cool. Let's explore immutable. Also, we have configuration updates. So this is when you actually are updating your EC2 instances internally or making VPC configurations or whatever, that should make your instances being replaced. In that case, we can again choose a rolling or immutable type of updates, but the exam really doesn't test you on that part. It tests you on the application deployment part. So we'll explore immutable and I will scroll down and I will apply this. So now we apply some new configurations in our environments. So anytime we do this, Elastic Beanstalk is going to be updating the environment. So in the meantime, let's go on Google and type sample application nodejs Beanstalk. And we are going to click on this, on those tutorials. And then we're going to find the sample application for Node.js. So if we scroll down, Node.js is right here, nodejs.zip. So you download the zip file and then you open it. So here we have a couple of files and we'll explore them in a second. So this is how my application is packaged. This is the Node.js specific part of the application. Index of HTML is actually representing that welcome page. So here we have couple of options. We can set the style, but we can also, for example, set the text, for example, who says congratulations. And then we have cron.yaml which is to schedule some tasks if you wanted to. This is to run some regular tasks directly on our instances. App.js, this is a Node.js part of it where we actually create a server and we're going to server the HTML content right here, .gitignore we can ignore. And then .ebextension is a way to customize the way that Elastic Beanstalk is working by creating configurations within that .ebextension, .ebextensions directory. So what we're going to do is that we're going to change the background from green to blue. So the way we do it is that we find the right place. So this is the one, background-color, textColumn, and we're just going to enter blue. So I can just click on blue right here, or I can also, if this allows me to, I can just type in blue and it'll be good to go. So whatever you wanna do, right? But to set the background color, and if you don't wanna do that, I have packaged actually a zipped version of this, because sometimes Elastic Beanstalk is not very happy to how you zip thing. I've packaged a zip version of your application to use the blue background color. So this is what I'm going to use in my course right now. So let's go and deploy this new version. So we're going to click on upload and deploy, and then we have to choose an application file. So under my code, find Elastic Beanstalk. So under Beanstalk and then there is nodejs-v2-blue.zip and we can have a version label, for example, I'll call this one MyApplication-Blue. And here we have deployment preferences. So by default it's set to immutable, because that's what we have currently set up, but you can override it if you wanted to with other kind of deployments, for example, all at once, rolling, or rolling with additional batch. But we wanna use immutable so we'll just submit and deploy this as immutable. So we'll have a look at how immutable is actually working. And so the way it works is that, and we have to see in the events how it's going to happen. So let's refresh this and have a look. So it says launching one instance with the new settings to verify health. So first, it makes sure that like we can actually deploy this version and it is working. And this is going to be done by creating a new auto scaling group. So let's wait for a moment. Okay, so now a temporary auto scaling group has been created and this auto scaling group will have the new instance, and, of course, we're immutable, so we have to launch a new auto scaling group and new instances within. So now the instance is created and then we have a new instance added to the load balancer and we're waiting for the instance to pass the health check, which it did. So now that the instance are initialized, we are detaching the new instances from the temporary auto scaling group, and we attach them to the permanent auto scaling group. And then there's post-deployment configuration on new instances. And then at the end of this, the old instances will just go away, and immutable will have been performed. So the deployment is complete and things that happen is that the instance was removed from the environment, and then the new application deploy version was deployed, and then everything was terminated, the old instances, and the temporary auto scaling group. So we're good to go. So now if we open this in a new tab, as we can see, congratulations is in blue. And so we have successfully deployed this version update into our environments. So now the prod is displaying blue and the dev is displaying green. And one thing we can experiment with is environment swapping. So we can swap environment domains. That means that the prod will become dev and the dev will become prod. And the reason we would do so is, for example, you take this environment, for example, prod. First, you're going to clone it. So you're going to create a copy of prod, then you would deploy your new application to the new environment where you can perform some extensive testing. Call it prod number two. And then once you want prod number two to become prod number one, you would swap environment domains and then the URLs will be swapped. So I'm going to demo the swap environment domain, but using prod and dev. So this is blue and then this is green, but let's swap environment domains and see what happens. So we are going to swap this with dev and click on swap. So swap environment domain has to do with DNS and entries, and they're going to be modified. So that one is pointing to the other and vice versa. So this may take a bit of time to be updated and also to reflect the updates, because DNS updates can be slow sometimes. So I'm going to wait five more minutes and get back to you. So my update is now done, and if I go onto my prod environment and refresh, I see now green. And if I go to my green environment and refresh, I see now blue. So indeed the environments have been swapped, and everything is working as expected which is, I think, pretty cool. So that's it for this lecture. What I'm going to do is just re-swap the environment domains just to have the blue as prod, and the green as dev, but we're good to go. So we've seen all the deployment options. We've seen about cloning, we've seen swapping URLs, and I hope you liked it. I will see you in the next lecture.