Welcome back. As we've seen earlier, we'll be doing most of our project on Databricks using PySpark and Spark SQL. I've already given you a quick introduction about Spark Architecture, but I want to take it a bit deeper before we start the project. Again, if you find any of this difficult to understand, please come back and watch this video again, once you've completed the project. None of this will stop you from progressing with the project, because when you are working on databricks, it takes care of everything for you. Even then, I just thought you should understand these concepts to become a better Spark developer. Let's get started. As we've seen previously, a Cluster is a collection of nodes. A Databricks Cluster has one Driver node and one or more Worker nodes. A Node basically is an individual machine. As we are in Azure, these will be one of the virtual machines on the Azure Cloud. Each of the Azure virtual machines generally have at least four, if not more cores. In a Databricks Cluster, the driver runs its driver program on the JVM in the driver node, and it creates the Spark context. As the name suggests, the driver program drives the processing and it doesn't perform any of the computations required. For example, it communicates with the cluster manager to allocate resources, identifies the number of job, stages and tasks to be created, so that the work can be paralyzed. Each of the worker nodes will be running executed JVMs. In a standard Spark Architecture, there can be more than one executer running on a node and sharing resources, but databricks restricts that to just one executor running on one JVM, and that's considered to be the most optimum and easy to manage configuration. Executors do all the data processing as well as a read and write data to external data sources. Each executor will have one or more slots to execute the tasks. This is generally equivalent to the number of course on the worker nodes. As we had four cores in our worker nodes, we will have four slots here as well. Slots are just a place to execute the tasks received from the driver program. Driver is the one which runs the application. For example, when you execute a command in the Databricks notebook or you run a Spark submit from outside of Databricks notebook, it runs as an application on the driver. An application is divided into jobs, stages and tasks by the driver programs. Spark does this by trying to get as much parallelism as possible. This is mainly based on how the data can be partitioned and distributed across the cluster, as well as the stages that can be paralyzed. The important thing here is that the tasks are the low level components that need to be executed. The driver assigns the tasks to a slot in the executor and the executor performs these operations. It then returns the results back to the driver. The driver then returns the results to the user. Now that you understand how Spark paralyses the workload, let's take a look at how we can scale the clusters when we need to. There are two ways of scaling the cluster. First one is to have nodes with more cores in them. That means you can go from, for example, four cores to the six cores in a node. This is called vertical scaling, but you can only go so far with this before reaching the limit on the maximum number of course available on a virtual machine. The next approach is to horizontally scale the cluster. In this approach, we add more worker nodes to the cluster, and this approach helps scale the clusters that can process petabytes of data. I hope with this you understand how the Spark execution model works and how it can be scaled both vertically and horizontally. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.