So what to do in case some resources in AWS are compromised. Well, the most important one to remember is how to deal with a compromised EC2 instance because the exam will test you on that. So let's take an example of two AZs, one VPC two instances running in an autoscaling group and connected to a load balancer. And the instances are having the WebApp security group. So let's say one of these instances is compromise. So what do we do? Number one is we capture all of the instance metadata then we enable termination protection because we want to keep it and wanna make sure that it doesn't disappear. We isolate the instance so we replace the instant security group with one with no outbound traffic authorized. And so therefore, this instance cannot communicate with the outside world and at least it is contained. Next, we can detach the instance from any auto-scaling group so we can suspend the processes of the auto-scaling group and then detach the instance. And of course, we wanna de-register the instance from any ELB because we don't want that instance to be part of any network traffic. Now, if the attack is happening on the EC2 instance that means something was installed on the root volume maybe, or any attached volume. So we snapshot any EBS volumes attached to the instance for deeper analysis. So we have a volume, we make a snapshot, and then we can create a forensics EC2 instance that we control and we attach all the volumes that we've snapshotted back to this instance and then we'll be able to have a look deeply into the snapshotted data, what is happening and what is the root cause of the compromise. Also, if you have an EC2 instance that is compromised please make sure to tag the EC2 instance with the investigation ticket number, for example, so that you know that well, something is wrong with that instance. There are two types of investigations you can do. You can do an offline investigation, so this is when you shut down the instance and you're going to look at the EBS volumes that have been snapshotted and then restored and attached to a forensic EC2 instance. That's one way. The second way is to do an online investigation where on top of it you're going to snapshot the memory or capture the network traffic. The risk is of course, that the EC2 instance is still active, but with an online investigation you can maybe understand what the EC2 instance is trying to leak to the outside world, and you can maybe do a better investigation this way. Now, to automate all these processes, you can use Lambda, and if you want to automate the memory capture of your EC2 instance, you can use the SSM run command. So these steps should feel natural to you and remember them going into the exam. Now let's review the other kinds of resources that can be compromised. So we have an S3 bucket in this case we identify the compromised S3 bucket using GuardDuty. We identify the source of the malicious activity Using CloudTrail or Amazon Detective and then we're going to identify whether or not the source was actually authorized to make these API calls. Once we figure out what is happening we can reinforce the security of our S3 buckets. So some recommended settings are going to be around blocking the public access making sure we have good bucket policies and good IAM policies, creating VPC endpoints for Amazon S3 using S3 pre-signed URLs, using S3 access points or they're deprecated. But we could also use S3 ACLs. Now for compromised ECS cluster. So you identify which cluster is compromised using GuardDuty and then you identify the source of the malicious activity. So is it a container image, is it some tasks, and so on. And then you escalate all the impacted tasks. So you deny them all ingress and egress traffic using a new security group similarly to what we've done to our EC2 instances. And then you evaluate the presence of malware or malicious activity on these containers and you figure out the root cause of it. If you have a standalone cluster, container, sorry that is compromised, it's a similar process. So you identify what is happening you isolate the container itself. With a new security group you can suspend all the processes within the container. It's called pausing the container or you can stop the container itself and look at any snapshotted data. So there is an EBS snapshot feature by GuardDuty to retain any snapshots of compromised resources. And then of course you do a forensics analysis and you detect the presence of malicious activity and you understand what is happening. You can also detect compromised RDS database instances. So similarly it's going to be into GuardDuty to figure out which instance got affected and what is the source of malicious activity and in case it is not legitimate behavior. Then number one we want to restrict network access using security group and NALCs, or we want to restrict the database access for the suspected user that got compromised, because usually if your RDS database is compromised it means that user credentials leaked. So for these users well it's good to rotate the user's password so that the attacker cannot use the user anymore. You can also look at the database audit log to figure out any leaked data and on top of it you can enhance the security of your RDS database. Some recommended settings, of course are going to be around using Secrets Manager to rotate the database passwords and of course using IAM database authentication to make sure the users can access our RDS database just through IAM policies being authorized to and not with password. Alright, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.