So let's have a look at what are EC2 Key Pairs and how they work. So as a user, you're going to go into the EC2 service and you can create an instance and you can also create an EC2 Key Pair. When you create a Key Pair, it's called a Key Pair because there's a private key and a public key. The private key is automatically downloaded from AWS onto your own machine, and then the right away AWS is going to delete it. So you are the only owner of the private key but Amazon EC2 service is going to keep a copy of the public key. Then when you create an EC2 instance and you select the associated key, what's actually going to happen is that on the root EBS volume of the EC2 instance, the public key is going to be stored as a copy in a file called authorized_keys in the SSH directory. So once we have this, why does it matter? Well, because when we want to actually perform an SSH into our EC2 instance, what's going to happen is that the SSH protocol is going to present the private key to our EC2 instance, which is going to match it with the public key it has in store and say, "Yes, the user is authorized to perform SSH on me." So this is the basics of EC2 Key Pairs and SSH. So the idea is that your private key must be kept secure and there are no ways for you to recover a lost private key. You can also create your private keys outside of AWS and then upload them by just uploading a public key. So that's, you can still create EC2 instances with keys generated outside of AWS. And there are two formats of SSH keys that you can use. You have the ED type and the 2048-bit type. So what if you have a Key Pair and you delete it from the EC2 console? Well, in that case, what's going to happen is that it will be gone from the EC2 console, but it's not going to be removed from the EC2 instances itself. So the public key will remain on any EC2 instances that have been set up with a Key Pair on Amazon EC2. So deleting a Key Pair in Amazon EC2 doesn't do much except just deleting it there. So on top of it, if you launch an AMI and that AMI has been built with an old public key and then you select a new public key to launch this AMI with, what's going to happen is that this new EC2 instance is going to have both the public key that was shipped with the AMI and the new public key that is shipping with the Amazon EC2 service. So then, of course, even though you have two keys on the EC2 instance, you can still connect using any corresponding private key. So if you have a new private key, you can match it. Or if you have also the private key for the key corresponding in the AMI, you can connect as well. What happens though, if you lose your private key and it gets exposed, that means it gets put online. So you have a few steps you need to to follow. You need to remove all the public keys stored in each SSH authorized_keys file on EC2 instances so that no one can use the private key to actually SSH into your EC2 instances. You must also create a new Key Pair and then you add the public key material to the authorized_keys on all EC2 instances. So the diagram, so we have the old key and it's been compromised so we're going to create a new Key Pair. We get the private key and a public key. We delete the compromised public keys on the EC2 instances, and then we add the new public key onto the EC2 instances and you're done. Now, how do you automate this? Well, when what you do it is using the SSM Run Command utility, which is going to automate the process of adding and deleting public keys on EC2 instances. Alright, that's it for EC2 Key Pairs. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.