So we've been using EC2 instance connect a lot in the courses, but now it's time to really understand what is happening when you use that service. So we have an EC2 instance and we have a web browser that's running on the public IP. On the EC2 instance is going to be running the EC2 instance connect agent, and that agent is going to be responsible for part of the magic. Now when we use the EC2 instance connect, we use its API, so either using the EC2 console or the CLI. And what's going to happen is that the EC2 instance connect API is going to generate a private key, okay? And this private key will have its corresponding public key pushed into the EC2 instance metadata, and this is a key that is going to be valid only for 60 seconds. So why is it important? Because then the EC2 instance connect API is going to SSH directly into the EC2 instance, and the EC2 instance SSH process is set up in such a way, that it is also going to look up the instance metadata to see if there are any authorized keys in there as well. So not only the authorized keys file on the EC2 instance, but also going to check the instance metadata. And because well, we have just, I mean the EC2 instance connect service, has just pushed a public key onto the instance metadata, is going to say, yeah, it matches the private key, and we are SSHed. So the idea around this is that it's very secure, because the public key is only there for 60 seconds, and no one else can reproduce this but AWS, because no one else but AWS has access to the instance metadata. Now all connections that we do through the EC2 instance connect, are going to be logged in CloudTrail, because we actually go and do SSH through an AWS API. Now what goes for the security groups? Well, there's a security group, of course, around the EC2 instance, and it needs a few rules to work. So when, if you look at this diagram, the actual thing that does the SSH connection is the EC2 instance connect API, not your browser itself. Your browser just accesses that API. So therefore, from a security group perspective, you need to have port 22 open on your EC2 instance as inbound, and the source of it should correspond to the AWS IP range for the EC2 instance connect service. Now, how do you know this? Well, there is this URL in which you can find the IP ranges of many services in AWS for all the regions, and of course one of these is EC2 instance connect. And is in this instance for the region, US East one, we have this IP prefix right here. So hopefully now you really understand how EC2 instance connect works. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.