So now let's talk about how we can recover a Windows EC2 instance where we have a lost password. So again, it has an EBS root volume. So what can we do? Well if the Windows AMI is using the EC2Launch v2 service, then all we have to do is to detach the EBS root volume and attach it to a temporary EC2 instance running Windows as well. So similar method as before. And then on the secondary volume, we're going to delete a file called the run-once file. What's going to happen is that it's going to make the old EC2 instance believe this is the first time it's being run. So we delete that file, we reattach the volume onto the EC2 instance, we restart it, and then because the instance believes it is its first boot, it's going to say, "Please enter a new password" and we have recovered our EC2 instance. If we are using a older AMI, so Windows AMI before Windows server 2016, so this is an older AMI, it's called the EC2Config service. And we have a similar kind of methodology. So we again create a new EC2 instance but this time the file we have to modify is this file right here. You don't have to remember the files, okay, I'm just giving you the general idea and that should be enough for you. But in that XML file there is the EC2 set password variable. And if you set it to enabled, then it's actually going to allow you to set a new password. So you restart the previous instance and then you'll have to enter a new password and you are back into the EC2 instance. There's also a thing called EC2Launch. So this is for the Windows server 2016 and later AMIs, but they're not, again, they haven't been upgraded to the newer version EC2Launch v2. So the method is again very, very similar. But this time we're going to download and install what's called the EC2Rescue Tool for Windows Server. And then from this EC2Rescue Tool, you have a few steps to follow and by going into the options you have one called the Reset Administrator Password which does exactly what the name indicates. Then you attach the volume back to the previous EC2 instance, restart it, and then you will have a new admin password. Finally, you may have a method using Systems Manager. So for this, of course, the EC2 instance running Windows must have the SSM Agent installed. And we have three methods. The first one is to use this document called the AWSSupport-RunEC2RescueForWindows Tool which is going to install the EC2Rescue Tool and then you can reset the access. That's similar to what we saw before but it's automated using Systems Manager or there is an automation document again called ResetAccess or there is a run command document called RunPowerShellScript in which you can just set the password for the administrator to be Password@123 and then you are good. Alright, so hopefully that gives you lots of options to recover EC2 Windows instances when you have lost a password. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.