So on the left hand side, let's find Session Manager and we want to establish an SSH session into our EC2 instances. So if you have a look, MyDevInstance, under security, the security group does not have any SSH security group rules inbound. Okay? Yet we're going to be able to start a session. And this session is going to be started, for example, on MyProdInstance, we can start the session right here. And as you can see, I am connected directly into my EC2 instance, so I can do echo hello world, and here we go, we have some information around the hello world and we can run any command. So we can do LS and have a look at all the directories. So we can go to home, EC2-user, and we need to go SUDO to be elevated, so SUDO SU is what I use to be elevated. And then we can do CD home, EC2-user, And now I am in my EC2-user directory and I can do whatever I want. Okay? We could see if a HTTP is installed so we can do SUDO YUM -y install and HTPD and obviously it is going to be already installed because we did install it before using a RUN command. So pretty cool because this session entirely is going to be logged, okay, because it is done from session manager, and also my instance does not have any SSH inbound security rule, yet I am able to run some commands within it. So this is the power of session manager, and I can just terminate this. Okay? And now if I go back into my session manager, I can look at session history and see that the history was being created right here. And finally, you could edit the preferences of session manager to have an idle timeout, to have KMS encryption for your sessions and to run the session as a specific user for your next instances. Okay? So put a username, could be, for example, EC2-user, if you wanted to, if it's relevant IAM Linux too. You can enable CloudWatch logging. So do you want to log all the sessions with CloudWatch logs? Yes. And S3 logging, Do we want to send all the logs data into Amazon S3. As well as some profile for Linux shell and Windows shell profile as well. So it's quite, quite handy to be honest, and all this can be edited in here. And I know a lot of companies and people who use Session Manager from within Systems Manager to do the executing actions onto your EC2 instances because it is way more controlled and also has a lot more compliance around it. So that's it. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.