Yet another lever you have at your disposal for optimizing the efficiency of your system is making sure you're maximizing your resource utilization. So are you paying for computing capacity that's just sitting idle and not doing anything? Well, there's an opportunity. If so, one way to make sure you're eating up all that capacity efficiently in all at once is by using batching strategies. So instead of sending individual prompts and getting back individual responses, maybe I can batch those up in some situations. A good example is when I'm computing embedding vectors for my vector stores for my knowledge bases. So do I really need to do that one at a time? No, that would be crazy. So if I have a huge document with like a huge number of chunks, I want to submit those all together in these big batches, and that's going to save me a lot of money and be more efficient. So batch up those embedding requests for vector stores don't do them one at a time. It'll be a lot faster and a lot cheaper. Also on the inference side, there is bedrock batch inference as well. So if you don't need immediate real time responses, maybe you can get away with this and also use this to optimize the efficiency of your system so you can submit many prompts together, stick them in an S3 bucket somewhere and say hey, bedrock batch inference. Go two on these and give me back all the responses together in S3 as well. So that's going to be a much more efficient way of doing a lot of prompts at once. Again, if you don't need a real time interaction there. Now, how do I plan for capacity with bedrock? So how do I know if I have enough resources to begin with, or if I'm being throttled, or I'm hitting some quota limits? Well, basically, you want to start by figuring out your desired tokens per minute and request per minute that you expect your system to be able to handle. And from there, you can figure out what kind of capacity you actually need. Now, the AWS Service Quotas tool has within it a bedrock tool, which you can see here on the right that can help you estimate the amount of capacity that you actually need on bedrock. And if you actually need to request a quota increase because you've exceeded the actual built in approvals for the amount of capacity you have for bedrock. If you do, there's a form you can fill out to ask for that. Also, if you need additional capacity, you can also buy provisioned throughput. We'll talk about that in a moment as well. CloudFormation is also an important tool for capacity planning, so it does have templates that can help you with this too. Another thing is tensor parallelism. And this is something that generally happens under the hood. I just want you to know the term. This is the idea of sharding a large model's weights across many GPUs, which any large model has to do because they won't fit in a single GPU. Right. But the end result is that we have better memory utilization per container. So I can really say. Okay, as I'm sharding this large model across many containers, I'm really optimizing the use of that memory on each container, right? So that's what tensor parallelism is all about. Again, something you usually don't have to think about as a application developer. But the term comes up. So I want to make sure you're familiar with it a little more depth on maximizing resource utilization with bedrock provisioned throughput. So with bedrock you are allowed to provision by tokens or by model units, which is a somewhat opaque unit, but it corresponds roughly to token throughput. So if you do need dedicated capacity for deterministic performance, you can do that through provisioned throughput with bedrock. And you can see an example of that over here to the right. Now if you're using a customized model you must provision throughput for that. That is a requirement, but it's generally useful for any requirement that you have for consistent performance under high volume. So anytime you see a scenario where you have really high performance requirements for bedrock model and it's not keeping up provision, throughput might be the answer. And one little fine point of this that you should know that you are provisioning for a given model, not for bedrock overall. And when you're actually going to use that provision throughput, you need to pass through the Arn of that specific provisioned model that you provisioned resources for. So when you're making an actual API call for inference against that model, you need to be sure to provide the Arn for the provisioned model and not just a generic model ID for the model as a whole. That's a very important point. Also, for utilization monitoring, CloudWatch is your friend for keeping track of how you're using your resources. It has built in dashboards as well that can be helpful for monitoring utilization monitoring. So there are dashboards you can build with CloudWatch. You don't necessarily have to use QuickSight. Also, AWS Cost Explorer is a valuable tool for attributing model cost to business functions. So if you need to go back and figure out who's driving up my AWS bill, AWS Cost Explorer can help you narrow that down to a specific application, a specific business function, or department that might be behind it. Also, auto scaling is an important tool in maximizing your resource utilization. Be sure to make use of serverless solutions like Lambda, bedrock, OpenSearch, serverless, and Agent Core to take advantage of those serverless auto scaling scenarios so you don't have to worry about resource utilization so much in the first place. So there are some tips and tricks and tools for maximizing resource utilization with your generative AI system.