Another important thing to optimize for is the responsiveness of your AI system. So how does it feel to the end user? Are they sitting around all day waiting for an answer? If so, they're not going to like your application very much. They want to get instant gratification from what they're doing with you, right? So what are some ways for speeding up the response of your system? Well, some of them have gone through before. So one is using parallel requests for complex workflows. So if you have a bunch of heavy lifting that can be done in parallel, do them in parallel. So these multi agent workflows can be useful for that. We looked at the orchestrator synthesizer pattern earlier where an orchestrator agent analyzes your prompt and breaks it up into things that can be done in parallel, then farms those out to specialized worker agents to do those tasks all together at the same time, and then collates the responses back together. So if those workers are doing some time intensive heavy lifting, that's going to be a lot faster than doing those operations in sequence. So pretty much any SDK can pull that off these days. But step functions can do it as well if you want to do it the harder way. Also, like we talked about in the previous lecture. Caching can help your responsiveness a lot. So if you do have predictable queries or people asking the same query over and over again, semantic caching or prompt caching can help with responsiveness of that system as well. By saying hey, I've seen this question before, I cache the answer to it. Here you go. No model required. That can be just come back right away. Also, you want to use streaming whenever you can for responsiveness. So instead of firing off a prompt and waiting for the complete response to come back from the foundation model, we can start streaming the response back. And if you use ChatGPT, you see this all the time, right? So instead of sitting around for three minutes waiting for a long response to come back, you'll see that streaming back word by word and actually see that being presented to you as an end user. That feels a lot better because you can start reading before it's actually done. So huge, huge thing for responsiveness. You streaming when you can also, um, there's a feature of bedrock called latency optimized inference for foundation models. I don't know why you wouldn't use this, but to use it you just specify performance config equals latency optimized as part of your API call. So when you're calling the converse API or whatever it is, stick that as part of the request and it will optimize for you automatically the time to first token the output tokens per second and the end to end latency, which takes into account more than just the model you know, from end to end. What is the user actually seeing for latency? That's what's really important at the end of the day. All right. Some other tips. Do use intelligent prompt routing when you can. So instead of going to a big, fancy, time consuming and expensive reasoning model, a lot of prompts don't need that level of complexity. So if you can identify a simple prompt and route that to a simpler, smaller model, those tend to be more responsive. They're going to come back faster. So intelligent prompt routing isn't just about saving money, it's also about responsiveness. Also, be sure to keep your prompts concise so the less information you give the model to chew on, the faster it will give you back a response. Just like a human being. You know, if you're sending somebody an email asking them to do something. There are more, more likely to do it and get it right. If you give them a really concise and precise set of instructions, instead of a whole bunch of word salad that goes on for pages and pages. So that will both improve the quality of your results and also make them come back faster. And if you are in a situation where you think your prompts might get truncated, if you're really forcing a limit on that token length on the input side, make sure you're putting the important stuff first in case it does get truncated. And also it just helps it kind of like keep track of what's important within the model itself. Context pruning we talked about earlier as well. So um, don't give it a bunch of information to chew on that it doesn't need. That will also slow down your system. So if you're getting back results from your retrieval augmented generation system, from your knowledge base coming back from your vector store, if they're not valuable, you know, and you've identified that through hybrid search, maybe. Or they're redundant. You know, you have a bunch of chunks that are similar to each other and not really helpful on their own. Uh, ditch them, throw them out. The less information I send, the faster my response will be. Also, I can explicitly limit the response sizes that will also make things faster. So if I need to generate 300 tokens, that's going to come back a lot faster than 3000 tokens, right? And sometimes, you know, a concise result is a good thing. So limiting your response sizes. And we talked about ways of doing that earlier can also improve the speed of your system its responsiveness. I can set a max tokens explicitly. I can bake it into the prompt like give me a response within this many words, or I can force a JSON response to really force what kind of a format I get back. If you have a complex task, break it up if you can. Instead of waiting for the entire complex task to come back and then presenting that to the user, you can instead present to the user what each step of that task came back with in sequence. So they're going to see a result sooner. That way, if you can break up those tasks into more simple subtasks, that can be displayed back to the user as they come back in. All right. So those are some tips and tricks for optimizing the responsiveness of your system. How zippy it feels to the end user.