All right. Let's talk about optimizing retrieval. Performance retrieval in the sense of retrieval augmented generation. So if I'm looking up external context from a vector store or a knowledge base or whatever you want to call it, how do I optimize the retrieval of that information to make sure that it's relevant to what I'm trying to get back and getting back, you know, all the information that I have available that might be helpful. So a lot of the details of optimizing the actual system performance, you know, at the index level we talked about earlier. So you might want to go back and review OpenSearch vector stores in the various knobs and dials you have for optimizing that performance and optimizing your indices as well. So there are several ways to actually optimize the performance of the underlying data store itself just by how you organize that data. So at a low level that's a place to start. But there's also higher level things we can do. Right. So we talked about hybrid search a few times. That's searching not just for the embedding vector distances but also for keyword search at the same time. So that can help improve your relevancy. If I'm searching for both keywords and embedding vectors, you know, semantic search and keyword search at the same time, that can help my relevancy as well. Something I haven't mentioned before, though, is that it's possible to have your own custom hybrid scoring function. So how do I combine that semantic score to the actual Keyword based relevance score. The way that I do that might improve the performance of my overall system. Another thing we can do is pre-process the query coming in. So again, thinking back to how retrieval augmented generation works, a prompt comes in, I go and query my knowledge base against that prompt and hopefully get back chunks of data that's relevant to what that person's been asking about. But that doesn't always work. That doesn't always go according to plan. So one thing that can help is if the query itself that you're sending to that search is in the same style as the information that you're searching against. So imagine that you have a knowledge base full of scientific papers, right? If I'm asking for information in the same language, you know, the same style of scientific papers, I'm much more likely to get relevant hits than if I'm, you know, asking in more of an informal tone or, or something like that. So if there's a way to normalize the style of the query to the style of the content I'm retrieving, that can help with the relevance of the results that I get back. Also, you need to watch out for people asking for two things at once. So somebody says, I want to learn about this and this. Uh, you're not going to find a hit most often that actually covers both of those things. So splitting that up into two separate queries on the retrieval side can help. So if you do see somebody asking for two or more things as part of the same prompt, you want to split that up and search for relevant documents or chunks of data that are relevant to each part of that individually. Okay. And you might need a separate model to do that. Also, if they're asking for stuff that's irrelevant to what your system does. Toss that out. That will help. Right. So if they're if you have a system that lets you query scientific papers again, and somebody's asking for, um, I don't know, yesterday's news or something, uh, if you can identify that and toss it out the window, you know, that's not going to be in your knowledge base to begin with. So that can help too, if you can reduce the ambiguity of the prompts coming in before you send that off to retrieval for looking for that relevant documentation. Uh, that also helps. What I mean by that is like, if somebody says, I want to learn more about this thing I talked about earlier, uh, your knowledge base does not know what this thing I talked about earlier means. You need to spell that out and try to resolve that ambiguity before you actually try to do a search against your knowledge base. And also, if you are doing hybrid search, if you're able to extract keywords from the prompt up front, that can help too. So if I can say, hey, this prompt has some keywords that I might have indexed, let's just pull those out and search for those directly. That will make your hybrid search even more efficient.