A couple of things that got called out in an oddly specific way in the AWS Skill Builder. Materials for this exam are exponential backoff and connection pooling. And these are by no means things that are specific to bedrock or generative AI. These are just general ways of managing larger systems and how they call each other. So exponential backoff if you're not familiar with it, it's basically how you deal with a failed API call in a controlled manner. So you don't want to get yourself into a situation where you have a back end service that goes down, and now all of a sudden everybody's trying to hit it all over the time, you know, repeatedly, really quickly, hoping that it comes back up. That's just going to make matters worse, right. So exponential backoff is a way of saying, okay, I'm going to I'm going to try hitting it a little bit less frequently over time. And that way I can ease the load on this thing and maybe give it a better chance of coming back up. You don't want to flood the poor broken service. So it's fundamentally a way to retry failed API calls in a controlled manner, right? And doesn't flood the poor thing. Give it a chance to recover. And there are ways to configure this. So when you're calling the AWS SDK, you know some client through Boto3 or whatever it is, you can set up your own custom retry policies and some oddly specific numbers that were in the AWS material. Maybe you want to start at 100 milliseconds for your retry frequency, with a backoff factor of two, with a max retry count of 3 to 5 with a jitter of plus or -100 milliseconds. I'm not sure I'd bother memorizing that, but it does seem weird that they have those very specific numbers in the exam prep materials. The jitter, by the way, is just to make sure that all of the clients aren't trying to hit it at the same time, right. So that would definitely make matters worse. If you have a a back end system that's under stress right now and every, you know, one second, 1000 clients are hitting it all at once. So, you know, again, it's all about giving that failed service some room to recover. And yeah, I'm not sure why they got into those specific numbers, but they do. Uh, also it talks about connection pooling. Again, just a general best practice for when you're dealing with external services that are over HTTP, over some sort of a RESTful interface. So it can be very expensive to establish a new HTTP request, right? So instead of doing that for every single request, connection pooling maintains a pool of HTTP connections to your back end service that are always active. And you just reuse those connections for different requests as they come in. So that spares you all the overhead of doing all that handshaking and establishing that connection every time. So always a good idea. Uh, oddly specific guidance again. Uh, they are recommending between 10 and 20 connections per instance. So if you have a, uh, instance that's hitting some sort of a back end foundation model, maybe 10 to 20 connections kept open to that foundation model is a good number to start from. And maybe the time to live, uh, would be 60 to 300 seconds. So how long do these shared connections stay active? You know, maybe you don't want to really keep them open forever. Uh, maybe you only want to keep them open for a minute to five minutes at a time. And the idea here is to strike a balance between resource utilization and the reuse of your connections. So, you know, that's why we need to kind of think about the number of connections per instance there. Again oddly specific guidance in skill builder.