So let's have a look at some advanced concepts for SQS FIFO. The first one is deduplication. So there is a deduplication interval that is five minutes. And that means that if you send the same message twice within that five minutes, then the second message will be refused. And there are two deduplication methods. The first one is called content-based deduplication. What will happen is as soon as you send a message into SQS there will be a has calculated using the SHA-256 method algorithm of the message body. And if the same message body is encountered twice, the same hash will be the same twice. And so therefore, the second message will be refused. Or you an explicitly provide a message deduplication ID directly while sending a message. And if the same deduplication ID is encountered twice then the message will be gone. So let's have a look. Our SQS FIFO is here. And we produce a hello world message. And say we have enabled content-based deduplication. In that case, the SQS FIFO queue will generate a SHA-256 has of that message. Which may look like something like this in my screen. And so if the producer sends the exact same message it will be hashed to the exact same hash and SQS FIFO will know it. And therefore, the second message will be refused. The second advanced concept we need to look at is message grouping. So the idea is, if you specify the same value for the message group ID in an SQS FIFO queue, which is a mandatory parameter when you send the message to a FIFO queue. Then you will only have one consumer. And all the messages will be in order for that one consumer. But if you just need ordering at the level of a subset of messages, then you should specify different values for message group ID. The idea is that the messages that will share the common message group ID in order within the group. And each group ID will have a different consumer. So you can enable parallel processing on your SQS FIFO queue. But ordering across groups is not guaranteed. So for example, let's say we have a FIFO queue. And we're grouping messages into three groups: A, B, and C. Say we have message A1, A2, A3. Then we can have a consumer for the group A. Then we have another group of messages: B1, B2, B3, B4. We can have another consumer for that group. And another set of message. For example, for consumer group, we have C1 and C2. The idea is that, for example, maybe sometimes you don't need the total ordering of all the messages. But you want ordering of all the messages for a specific customer ID. And for example, for that one specific customer ID, you can use this as your message group ID. And so that means that you can have as many consumers as users you have in your application. And for each user, the messages will be in order, thanks to the guarantee of the SQS FIFO queue. So back into our FIFO queue. Let's edit it, and I'm going to enable content-based deduplication. Where the deduplication ID is going to be computed as a SHA-256 of my messages. So I click on save, and here we go. Now let's go into send and receive messages. And I will send the message hello world. For the message group ID, I will just keep it as demo for now. And for now, as you can see, the message deduplication ID is optional because we have enabled content-based deduplication. So let's send that message. As yo can see, the message is sent and ready to be received. And the message available is one. But if I send again that message, and again, and again, and again, the number of messages available will keep on being one. Because that message has already been seen SQS, and so there is some deduplication happening. But if I send a different message. For example, hello world two. Then a second message will be available right here in SQS FIFO. So as we can see, this is the deduplication happening here. But for example, if I wrote an other message and I used your own deduplication ID. So for example, your own deduplication token. So 1-2-3, and then you send that message again. Thanks to the fact that we specified the same deduplication ID. Then you will only see one of these messages in two SQS FIFO, okay? The other think I want to show you is the group ID. So it's not something that's very easy to show. But the idea is that, for example, if we have a user bought an apple. And the message group ID is user123. And I will just remove this message deduplication ID. And then the user bought a banana. And then the user bought strawberries, right? Because all these messages share the same message group ID. Then they will be in order for that user123. But if I now send a user bought an apple. And an apple that's going to be green, a green apple. And we specify a different message group ID: So user234. Now, these messages for that user234 will be in order for that user. And so now, in my SQS FIFO queue, I can have multiple consumers running at the same time. And each of the consumers will be consuming from a different message group ID, okay? So that's it. Now when you're done, you can just pull the messages and have a look. But I will go ahead and just simply delete them. So that's it, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.