Hello, and welcome to this lecture. VPC resource access for Amazon WorkSpaces and AppStream 2.0. And the reason for this lecture is really to understand how AWS manages the network access for the services, which are managed by AWS. Now you already know about requester-managed ENIs. We touched upon that earlier, where if you're launching, say RDS database, then database is really managed by AWS, but still the network is being controlled by customer. So customer can have the security group attached to the database. Now you don't have the database control, but then you can still manage the network for that database. Now, similar thing happens for AWS managed services, like Amazon WorkSpaces and AppStream. And let's see how it works. Those who does not know about Amazon WorkSpaces and AppStream, these are the end user computing services by AWS. Amazon WorkSpaces is a desktop as a service. So it's a remote desktop. Now, similarly AppStream is application as a service. So instead of giving access to the full desktop, a company may want to give access to application. So user doesn't really get a complete desktop view, but then user can launch remotely all those application, which user is supposed to access for, you know, performing his or her work. So that's an AppStream service. We don't need to really get into the details of these services, but let's look at how the network looks like when you launched a workspace instance or AppStream 2.0 instance. So there is AWS account, and then you have on-premises account. Now many a times while using AWS WorkSpaces and AppStream, you would still want your users to log in with your on-premises AD credentials. And that means AWS networks should be connected to the corporate network securely. And then your AD server, which is hosted on-premises, should be able to authenticate those users. Now, in case of bring your own device kind of thing, user may work from home or from the office, but then user can connect to this instances over the internet. So there is also internet in the picture. Now for this services, you will launch AWS WorkSpaces or AppStream in AWS managed VPC. So you don't really create this VPC. It is completely managed by AWS. So you just launch the workspace instances, and these instances get created into this VPC. But then you also have your own VPC, which we call customer VPC, in which you would have your different applications, maybe you would have access to the optimized data center through VPN or a DX, or you would have VPC endpoints created to access S3 and other services, or maybe databases. This is a typical VPC that you have where you have your workloads running, some EC2 machines, some web servers. And then you have these Amazon WorkSpaces instances in AWS managed VPC. So now how your workspace instances can really access your resources, which are inside your VPC? That's really the question is. If AWS is managing everything for you, then how does AWS services can access your VPC resources privately without you exposing it to the internet? And for that, what AWS does it, it creates ENIs, elastic network interface, on behalf of these workspace instances. So your workspace instance would have two ENIs. One, which is provisioned inside your VPC, which AWS will automatically create, and it will ask you which subnet this ENIs to be created. You feel like your workspace instance is getting created into your subnet, but it is just ENI which gets created. And similarly, there is one more ENI for your workspace, which basically is used to stream your workspace instances to your end user over the internet. Now, what I'm talking is all about WorkSpaces. So you might have to go and read what WorkSpaces is and what the streaming means. But more importantly, we are interested in these ENIs, which AWS creates on behalf of the workspace into your VPC and into your subnets. Now, particularly for WorkSpaces, you have to authenticate users using the Active Directory and then once users are authenticated, the desktop is stream over the internet. And these ENIs are also created for this streaming gateway. So every workspace would have at least these two ENIs, one for streaming gateway and one for your subnets or your VPC. Now for authentication, you could use AD connector, because Active Directory is on-premises. And this is just one kind of example. You could very well have your Active Directory hosted in the cloud, and then you don't have any connection with your corporate data center. But this is just one way where you could have a hybrid network setup between these two networks. And this network could be over a VPN or a DX, doesn't really matter. What this means is your VPC can access your on-premise resources. And that's why your workspace could also access this on-premise resources via this route, because it has ENI here. It can use your VPN or DX connection to reach to on-premise server. So now, if you look at the flow of the traffic, right, then end user will first authenticate himself or herself using the auth/session gateway. Now these are the public endpoints that AWS creates for WorkSpaces, right? And you don't have to worry about that, because it is in AWS managed VPC, but they're always accessible over the internet. Now, once that is turned, this auth/session gateway can then go to AD connector, which is part of your VPC now. And then from there, it reaches through VPN or DX to your corporate data center, and user gets authenticated. Now, once user is authenticated, that flow is complete, and now user will use those authentication token or whatever mechanism is there, like a SAML, it'll use that token to now reach to the streaming gateway with whatever protocol WorkSpaces support. It supports 4172 port or TCP or UDP called PCoIP protocol, but there is a newer protocol as well. But that's not of our interest. So once user is authenticated, user then start the streaming of the data. Now this streaming gateway has an ENI attached to the WorkSpaces, so ultimately, what is running in the workspace can be streamed over this streaming gateway. And from there, the request will go to either of the workspace instance, whichever has been allocated to a user. And now from the WorkSpaces, so it's like a desktop, if you are using or connecting to your database, then this ENI will be used to, you know, access those resources. So whether it's a database, other EC2 instance, or connection to your on-premise data center, all that happens through this ENI, which means your workspace instance can now access your VPC resources. So in general, that's what the networking looks like when you use Amazon managed services, like WorkSpaces or AppStream. And I hope that is clear. So just remember that, you know, AWS does create this kind of ENIs into your VPC to access your VPC resources. So that's it for this lecture. Hope this is clear. And let's move on. Thanks for watching.