So let's go ahead and create a database. So I'm in the Aurora and RDS console. On the left-hand side, I click on databases, and then I click on Create database. And as we can see here, we have different options, so it can be a full configuration or an easy create Because we wanna see the different options, we're going to go over full configuration. Here, you can select the engine options. So you have Aurora either MySQL or PostgreSQL compatible. Then you have MySQL, PostgreSQL, and other type of engines. For this hands on, we're going to select MySQL to keep it simple. Then you scroll down. And then for engine version, just choose whatever default there is right here. Next, for templates, we can have production, which gives us access to more settings or dev/test or free tier. So free tier is going to be what we're gonna be choosing. But if you take the production setting, what's going to happen is that you have the option to have multi-AZ DB instance deployment with two instances or even multi-AZ DB cluster deployment with three instances, so these are production. We don't need this right now, but it gives you an idea of like the kind of setup you can have across multiple availability zones. But we're going to use free tier, and as you can see, the only thing we can use right now is single AZ database instance deployment one instance, all right, perfect. Let's scroll down, we keep everything as default for database indentifier, master username yes, and then credential management. So here we have the option to either create our password and then I had yes, manage the password or we can also have the password be managed directly by AWS Secrets Manager. So this is the most secure, but there is a cost to using AWS Secrets Manager. So we don't use this, we'll use self-manage, but you should know that it's an option anyway. So for the master password, I will just enter password and I will confirm the master password, it's very weak, I know. Then we'll just enable only password authentication. But as you can see, you have the option to also have IAM to authenticate to the database. Then you scroll down and for instance configuration, we have information around, well, what's free? So we'll use the dB.t4g.micro, maybe you have a dB.t4g.micro maybe you have something else. It doesn't matter, just choose whatever the default is right now. For storage type, we'll have 20 gigabytes. But then as you can see, under additional storage configuration, there is the option to enable storage autoscaling. And that means that if you use all the storage, you can autoscale up to, for example, 1000 gigabytes of storage. For connectivity, we'll select, don't connect to an EC2 compute resource. We'll select the default VPC and we don't change anything. For subnet group, No, we keep it as default. And for public access, we'll say Yes, because we want to be able to publicly access our RDS database with a public IP. For the VPC security group, we will choose create new, and I'll call this one demo-rds. And then we don't have any preference for the AZ. We don't want an RDS proxy. And for additional configuration, we're good to go. We'll use the Port 3306, that is the port that we're going to connect to on our MySQL database. Let's scroll down, we choose the standards insights from monitoring. As you can see, we can enable enhanced monitoring and also export the logs if we wanted to and then we have additional configuration. We're not going to look at it right now. For estimated monthly cost, it gives you information around the RDS free tier, and this is available for 12 months for these instance types. So we're good to go. Now let's click on Create database. So while my database is being created, let's go ahead and download SQLectron and this is a SQL client that we're going to use to connect to our database. So very simple, you're going to click on Download GUI, and then click on it. Take the latest version for whatever platform you have. So you have latest Windows, and then for Mac, it's going to be a DMG. So I'm gonna do this one, then open it and install it. Okay, so my database is now created, it took you a little bit of time, and now as you can see, it is available. And so what I'm going to show you are a few actions, So first of all, we have the endpoint right here and the port 3306 and it's linked to this security group, and this security group, if you click on it and look at the inbound rules, we can see that we have an inbound rule here on TCP port 3306 so that's great, okay, coming from just my IP address. Okay, so you should, of course, modify this security group if you have problem connecting to your database instance to maybe have it to anywhere IPV set for. Okay, so now let's take this endpoint and we're going to connect to it using SQLectron. So using SQLectron, I'm going to add a new database. I'll call it RDS demo, it's a database of type MySQL. And then for the server address, I'm going to enter what I have right here on port 3306. The user is admin, and the password for me was password. And then the initial database is mydb as I entered it from before. Let's click on tests and the connection is successful. If it's not successful, please have a look whether or not your database was set to be a public database number one, and number two, have a look at your security group settings to make sure that your IP is allowed in. So let's save this and connect your database. And now I'm connected into my database, directly into mydb, which was the database that was created. And in here I could go ahead and enter some create table statements. So CREATE TABLE mytable, and then just a name of VARCHAR20 and a first name of VARCHAR 20. So it's just a very quick statement just to show you how SQL works, but this is definitely out of for the exam, Execute this. So now we have mytable that has been created, and then we don't have any content in it, okay? But you could have an insert statement to insert some data into your table. So you would say, for example, enter the value Maarek and then the value here, Stephane, Execute this. And then if you click on Select Rows, then you see that my table has my name and my first name to be Maarek and Stephane. So this is how we would use a RDS database with MySQL. But again, outta scope of the exam, I just want to show you the full picture of using SQLectron. So back in here, my RDS database is fully managed, so this is great. We can use it, this is amazing. Other things we can do that are worthy are to create a read replica directly from this database. So we can create a read replica. And then this read replica would allow us to have more read capacity for our database, which would be very, very helpful. And we want whether or not that database to be multi-AZ for recovery purposes. So I'll keep it as no and cancel it. Next, we can have a look at monitoring, and monitoring, for example, could show us the CPU utilization. And as we can see, while the utilization is monitored by my database, and we can monitor this, for example, for scaling our database if in case we have too many connections into it. We can have a look at the database connection accounts as well to see how many clients are connected into our database. And a lot of metrics overall, okay? Other things you can do with RDS is around creating snapshots. So you can take a snapshot and this will snapshot database, and you can restore it wherever you want. You can restore it to a point in time for your database, or you can even migrate a snapshot if you wanted to migrate a snapshot into a different region, for example. So all these are a bunch of options that we can use, but as we can see, the whole power of RDS is to manage database for us to have read replicas, multi-AZ, you know, we can increase the instance type as we go along and so on and that's all comes very handy from a managed service perspective. So you've seen all you need to know for your RDS database. I hope you liked it. And just to finish yourself, please make sure to delete the database. So to delete it, first you need to remove the termination protection. So you go to modify, and then at the very bottom, you will scroll down and find the delete protection setting. So here it is, we'll disable it, press on Continue, and then apply immediately. And then once the delete protection is done, you can go ahead and delete this database. You can remove creating a final snapshots and then say, delete me and acknowledge the fact that upon deletion, everything will be lost. Click on Delete and you're good to go. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.