So let's talk about RDS Performance Insights, and that's the last one around monitoring for RDS. But I think you need to know it, and it is quite a cool tool overall. So Performance Insights allows you to visualize your database performance, and you can analyze why there are issues that affect your database. So you can visualize the database load and you can filter the load by four different types of metrics. The number one is called Waits. And Waits is very cryptic, but basically it shows you the resource that will be the bottleneck. So it could be CPU, IO, could be some locks. So if you needed to know how to upgrade your database to a different type of instance and know if you wanted to optimize the CPU or optimize the IO, Waits will give you a good idea of what your database waits on the most. Is it the CPU, the IO, et cetera? Now, you can also filter by SQL statements. So if a SQL statement is, by default, blocking your database or making it crawl for whatever reason, then you can identify that SQL statement, and maybe you can reach out to the team or the application that runs that statement and try to understand how you can optimize that statement. You can also filter By Host. So basically, by filtering and by grouping by Host, you can find the server or the application server that will be maybe hammering our database, and take action, maybe blocking access, or maybe talking to them and understanding why they're using so much of our database. Maybe they need a read replica. And then finally, By Users. So this is to connect using the usernames and to find maybe the user that is using the most our database. So the idea is that this Performance Insight allows us to understand who, or where from, or what statement is using our Waits, which is our CPU, IO, lock, et cetera. Now, database load will be evaluated as the number of active sessions for the database engine. And the whole thing basically allows you to troubleshoot, including during the SQL Query that are putting load on your database. Finally, there's a Paid Tier feature, which is to generate Proactive Recommendations to help you prevent future database performance impacts. So our database is not interesting because it's not running anything special. There's no application. So I was just going to share screenshots of what you can expect. So this is Performance Insight and this is from the Amazon blog. And so, as you can see, you get a line right here, and it shows you the max number of CPU. So as long as you're under it, that means that you're doing fine. But if you're over it, that means that your database is running at capacity. And so if you slice that graph by Waits on the right-hand side, it shows you what's using your database. So CPU is only 0.32 and io/table/sql/handler is 1.82. So it seems like IO in there is going to be something that you may want to optimize or improve, maybe using a better disk or whatever. But this is the kind of idea using the slice by Waits, which gives you like all this list of stuff that's happening and you can understand what's blocking your database. Now, you can also basically analyze the SQL queries that are running. So as you can see, this one, 1.38 is a SQL query that is taking a long time. So maybe UPDATE 'schema3', 'table1' SET 's1' = 'md5' random. Basically, that does a lot of action, and this takes a lot of resources and maybe their team running that SQL statement, how you should go and talk to them and understand why they're doing it and if they can do anything better. So this is quite a cool way of basically troubleshooting which SQL queries are taking the most time. And then you can also view by Users. So you can see on the right-hand side that RDS user is having four connections, Jeremiah is having two, again, that's from the blog, but you get a lot more information around who is doing what on your database, which could be quite helpful as well. Maybe some application is opening 1,000 connections and you need to know about it right away. And so by Host, I don't have a graph for it, but it will basically tell you which application server is connected to your database. So overall, all these things really help. I think Performance Insight is a great tool to help you troubleshoot. Let me just show you where it is in the AWS console. To use Performance Insights, you go to the left-hand side, and you would need to actually enable Performance Insights. So, to enable it, you would have to go to your database and modify it. So you click on your Database Instance and click on Modify. But it turns out that because we are using a t2 type of instance, Performance Insight is not supported right now on db.t2 instance classes, unfortunately. So we can't have it, and this is why I showed you screenshots of it, but from the screenshots, you should get a great idea of how it works. But if you had a non t2 micro type of instance, then you should be able to modify your DB instance and enable performance monitoring. And so as you can see, if I click on it and maybe do m4.large and I scroll all the way down, then I start seeing Performance Insight, and I can enable it, and say how many days of retention of data I want, et cetera, et cetera, but I won't do it right now. But you get an idea, and now you're supposed to be a monitoring expert for RDS. So, congratulations, I will see you in the next lecture.