-: Okay, so let's go through the lab on persistent volumes and persistent volume claims. So, we have deployed a pod, inspect the pod, and wait for it to start running. Let's do that. We have the web app pod and it's in running state. The application stores logs at location logapp.log/log/app.log. So, view the logs. So, for this, in order to view a file within the pod we'll do kubectl exec, and provide the pod name, and then the command. So, cat log app.log. Okay, so we're able to view the logs and we see that some of the events that are logged by the application. Now, if the pod was to get deleted now, would you be able to view the logs? So, let's check out where those logs are. So, describe pod web app? And. So, there are no other volumes configured. So, you have the kube-api-access, which is the default volume, but there are no other volumes. So, anything that's stored in the log app.log is stored within the container within the pod. So, if the pod gets deleted, the logs get deleted as well. Right, so, we're able to view the logs. Now, are we're not going be able to view the logs. Now, configure a volume to store these logs at this path on the host. So, currently all the logs are stored at /log/app.log within the pod or within the container. Now, we would like to store those. We would like to use a volume to store those logs at var/log/webapp. So, that's var/log/webapp on the host. So, currently there's nothing here. So, let's try and set up a volume. Okay, so we're going to edit the pod. So, we'll do kubectl edit on web app. And there are, there's a lot of information. So, here we have the volume mount, which is the default volume mount for accessing the the kube-api server. And below we have the volumes, which is again, the default volume used for that. So, we're just gonna add our own volume here. So, we'll add, we'll call the the volume, log volume, because we're gonna use this to store the logs. And this is going to be a host path. And the path is going to be whatever path is given here, to var/log/webapp, var/log/webapp. Okay, So we have the volume. So, basically what's happening, what's gonna happen is when this part is recreated, and it's going to mount this directory. And we have to specify where it's gonna be mounted to. It is gonna create a volume out of that directory. And then we have to specify where it's going to mount to it. So, we're gonna add a volume mount. And we'll call the mount path as it is above. And that would be a log. And then we will have a name for the volume. And the name of the volume is, log volume. Okay? So, what's gonna happen is when the pod is recreated, it's going to create a volume which will store all data in this path on the host. And we call this log volume. And then we can mount this volume within any container on this pod. So, here, there's only one container. So, under volume mounts we have the mount path and we're gonna specify the name of the volume and it's gonna mount that here. So, basically this is going to be mount to this path within the container. Okay, so, let's try and save that. It's a pod, it's not gonna allow us to save that. So, we're gonna do a kubectl replace force. Okay. Support is now recreated. So, now let's check the path, at var/log/webapp. Okay, and we can see that the file, the storage logs called app.log is in this path. We're gonna do app.log. We see the logs of the pod are indeed here. So, the logs of the pod are now available on the host at this particular path. That indicates that that's working. Okay, so, the next task is to create a persistent volume with the given specification. Let's go to the kubernetes documentation pages and find persistent volume, and go to persistent volumes. And so, here, we have a template for a pod. Persistent volume claim. Persistent volume. But, this doesn't have enough information, so, I'm just gonna keep looking. Okay, so this is a persistent volume. So, I'm going to get copy this much for your home and I'm going create a file called pv.yaml for persistent volume. Okay. Then here we have pv-log. That's the persistent volume name. Then we have storage. So, there's a 100 maybe, bytes. And then we have volume modes. We don't need volume mode. We have access mode. And the access mode is read, write. Many. And the persistent volume reclaim policy, we're going to be retained. Okay. And then the type is going to be host path. So, we're gonna, host path, and then specify the path, and that's going to be /pv/log. So, that's the path, Okay. So, let's create the file. Okay, so let's create it, let's check it out. We have the pv log, 100, and my capacity, read, write, many. So, this indicates read, write many, and the reclaim policy is retained. Check our work. Okay, now let us claim some of that storage for our application. So, create a persistent volume claim with a given specification. So, let's find a persistent volume claim template. So, we had one here. Yeah, so right here we have persistent volume claims and we'll use this template. So, we don't need the advanced selectors. Our use case is simple. So, we are just going to copy this much. So, let's do a pvc.yamal. If a persistent volume claim, the name is going to be claim-log-one, and access mode is going to be read, write. Once. We don't need a volume mode, and the storage is gonna be 50 Mi. Okay, now we're gonna do a kubectl create minus half bc. Let's check out the status. Okay, so that's created. Let's go Next. So, what is the state of the persistent volume claim? If you look at the state, it is in a pending state. So, that's that. Now, what is the state of the persistent volume, or the state of the persistent volume? It is available. So, let's check, try it now, again. So, it's in an available state. So, why is the claim not bound to the available persistent volume? So, we have a persistent volume which has a 100 megabytes of capacity. And then, we have the PVC, which requested about 50, but it's still in a pending state. So, why is that? So, if you look at it, it's not a capacity mismatch because we know that when you create a persistent volume claim, if there's a volume that has higher capacity it's gonna bind that volume to that persistent volume claim. So, that's not the case here. We have the recurring policy set. The name of these policies, the PV and PVC, does not really matter. The only other thing that it looks at is the access mode, right? So, if you look at the PV that we created, it had an access mode of rewrite many, and if you look at the PVC, it has rewrite once. So, we're going to, and that's the reason. So, access mode mismatch is the reason. Now, the next question is, update the access mode on the claim to bind it to the PV. So, we're going to do an update on the claim. So, we wanna change it to... ... so we wanna change the access mode on the PVC to read, write, many, which is on the PV. Right, so, that's what is requested here. Okay. So, now we're going to do a replace force -f pvc. Okay, now you requested for 50 megabytes, how much capacity is now available to the PVC? So, let's look at that. Lets do a kubectl get pv. Kubectl get pvc. And, if you look at the PVC, the capacity that it has is 100 megabytes. Now, update the web app part to use the persistent volume claim as it's storage. So, what we are gonna do now is we're gonna replace host path with the persistent volume claim to use the persistent volume claim. Okay, so, but, before that we've created the PV to store the logs to use the host path at lspv/log. So, right now there is nothing in there. So, let's go ahead and edit the pod web app. And what we're gonna do is, so, this is okay, the mount path, we're gonna leave it as is. We're gonna go down and we're gonna change this from host path to persistent. Let's see what that is. So, if you look here. Should be able to see how to use a persistent volume in a pod. So, you have claim as volumes. So, within volumes you use a persistent volume claims. So, that's what we're looking for. Okay. And we have claim name. So, we don't need these lines. And then, the claim name is going to be claim log one. So, we have persistent log claim, claim name, and log one. So, that should be it. Let's replace the file. Let's replace the pod forcefully. Okay, so that is done. Let's check our work. All right, so now let's see, if you look at /pv/log, you see the logs there and you look at log app.log, you can see the logs of the application there. So, now, the PV is using a host path as the location for storing data, but then the PV is then claimed by the PVC, and then the PVC is configured as a volume for the pod, and then that's how it is mounted to the pod. So, that's how this is working right now. Okay, so, the next question is what is the reclaim policy set on the persistent volume pv-log? So, let's see, kubectl get pv pv-log. And we can see that it is retained. So, retain is the answer. Now, what would happen to the PV if the PVC was destroyed? So, we know that with the reclaim policy set to retain, the PV is going to be retained. So, it's not going to be deleted along with the PVC. So, the PV is deleted as well. Now, the PV is made available again, No, it's not made available again, that would be recycling the PV scrub. Now, the PV is not deleted, but not available. So, it's not deleted, but it's not available either. So, that's the status. Now, try deleting the PVC and notice what happens. Let's do that. kubectl pvc delete pvc claim log one. So, let's wait for that to be deleted. Okay, so, it's not going to get deleted because it's actually going to be stuck. Let's, let's look at the status in a new terminal. So, let's do a kubectl get pvc. And we see that it's in a terminating state, so, it's stuck in a terminating state. So, let's do a describe. And yeah, so you see it's stuck in terminating state for the last 30 seconds or so. So, why is the PVC stuck in a terminating state? So, that's obviously because it is associated as a volume with a pod. So, it is being used by a pod. That's the reason it's stuck in a terminating state. Now, let's now delete the web app pod and let's go ahead and do that. Do that. So, let's delete pod web app, and let's see what happens. Okay, so, that was deleted and we see we're now unstuck and the PV was deleted as well. Check that out. Yep. So, the pod was deleted and the PVC was deleted as well. So, what is the state of the PVC now? It is deleted. And what is state of the PV now. Let's try that. We see that it is in a released state. Okay, so, yeah, that's the end of this lab.