Presenter: Let us now look at headless services. In the previous lecture, we said that, when you create a stateful set, it deploys one pod at a time. Gets an ordinal index, and that each pod has a stable, unique name. Which is mysql-0, -1 and -2. And so we can point the slaves, to reach the master at mysql-0. But there is something missing here. From what we know about services, and DNS specifically in Kubernetes. The way you point one application, within the cluster to another application, is through a service. So if we had a web server, then to make, the database server accessible, to the web server. We create a service for the database. We name it mysql. The service, as we know, acts as a load balancer. The traffic coming into the service, is balanced across all the pods in the deployment. The service has a cluster IP, and a DNS name associated with it. Which usually goes like, mysql.default.service.cluster.local. So any other application within the environment, like a web server for instance, can now use this DNS name, to reach the mysql database. Now remember in the previous lecture, we said that since this is a master slave topology, the reads could be served by master or slaves. But the writes must only be processed by the master. So it is okay for the web server, to read from the mysql service we created, but you can't write to that service, as it's going to load balance the writes, to all pods under the service. And that's not what we want for our mysql cluster. So you wanna point the web server, to the master database server only. But how do you do that? So what's one way to reach the master pod directly? If you know the IP address of the master pod, you can configure that in the web server. But as we know, IP addresses are dynamic, and can change if the pod is recreated. So we can't use that. We also learned that each pod, can be reached through its DNS address, but the pod's DNS address is created, from its IP address, something like this. So we can't use that either. What we need is a service that, does not load balance requests, but gives us a DNS entry to reach each pod. And that's what a headless service is. A headless service is created like a normal service, but it does not have an IP of its own. Like a cluster IP, for a normal service. It does not perform any load balancing. All it does is create DNS entries, for each pod using the pod name and a subdomain. So when you create a headless service, say with the name mysql-h each pod gets a DNS record created, in the form, pod name.the name of the headless service .namespace followed by the cluster domain. In this case, each pod gets pod name.headless service, which happens to be the, mysql-0.mysql-h .default.service.cluster.local. The web application can now point to the DNS entry, for the master mysql server at, mysql-0.msql-h.defalult .svc.cluster.local. And that should always work. That DNS entry will always point, to the master pod in the mysql deployment. To create a headless service, create a service definition file, as we did while creating services. Use the API version v1, kind service. Name it mysql-h, for headless service. Specify the ports, the selector to select the pods. What differentiates a headless service, from a normal service, is setting cluster IP to none. Creating the service, using this definition file, now creates a headless service. When the headless service is created, the DNS entries are created for pods, only if the two conditions are met, while creating the pod. Under the spec section of a pod definition file, you have two optional fields, host name and subdomain. You must specify the subdomain to a value, the same as the name of the service. When you do that, it creates a DNS record, for the name of the service to point, to the pod. However it still doesn't create, A records for individual pods. For that, you must specify the host name option, in the pod definition file. Only then does it create a DNS record, with a pod name as well. So those are two properties that, are required on the pod for a headless service, to create a DNS record for the pod. Here I have shown an example of a pod definition file. Now let's see how this works. When you deploy the pod as part of a deployment, by default if there is no host name, or subdomain specified the deployment does not, add a host name or subdomain to the pod. So the headless service does not create, A records for the pods. If we specified the host name or subdomain, in the pod template section, like we did for the pod in the previous slide, then it assigns the same host name and subdomain for all the pods. Because a deployment simply duplicates, all the properties for the same pod. And that results in creating DNS A records for all pods, but with the same name. Mysql-pod.msql-h .default.service.cluster.local But all the pods now have the same host name. So this doesn't help us meet our requirement, of addressing the pods separately, with separate DNS records. And that is yet another way, how a stateful set, differs from a deployment. When creating a stateful set, you do not need to specify a subdomain or host name. The stateful set automatically assigns, the right host name for each pod, based on the pod name. And it automatically assigns the right subdomain based on the headless service name. But wait, how does a stateful set know, which headless service we are using? There could be many headless services, created for different applications. How would it know which is the headless service, we created for this application? When creating a stateful set, you must specify the service name explicitly, using the service name option, in the stateful set definition file. That's how it knows what subdomain to assign to the pod. The stateful set takes the names, that we specified and adds that, as a subdomain property, when the pod is created. All pods now get a separate DNS record created.