Instructor: This lecture, we will talk about storage in stateful sets. Before I begin, let me quickly recap what we know already about storage in Kubernetes. It's only going to take a minute, so bear with me. And I think this is important. Earlier we discussed that with persistent volumes. We create volume objects and Kubernetes which are then claimed by persistent volume claims and finally used in pod definition files within pods. Now, that's a single persistent volume mapped to a single persistent volume claim to a single pod definition file. Now with dynamic provisioning we then said with storage class definition we take out the manual creation of persistent volumes and use storage provisioners to automatically provision volume on cloud providers. Now the PV is created automatically. We still create a PVC manually and associate that to a pod. Now this works just fine for a pod with a volume. How does that change with deployments or stateful sets? With stateful sets, when you specify the same PVC under the pod definition, all pods created by that stateful set tries to use the same volume. Now, that is possible if that is what is desired as in you really want multiple pods or multiple instances of your application to share and access the same storage. That's how you would configure it. And that also depends on the kind of volume created and the provision are used. Note that, not all storage types support that operation read or write from multiple instances at the same time. Now, what if you want separate volumes for each pod? As in the My SQL replication use case that we have been talking about? The pods don't want to share data. Instead, each pod needs its own local storage. Each instance has its own database, and the replication of data between the databases is done at the database level. So then each pod needs a PVC for itself. A PVC is bound to a pv, so each PVC needs a pv. And of course, these PVS can be created from a single or different storage classes. So how do you automatically create a PVC for each part in a stateful set? You can achieve that using a volume claim template. A volume claim template is really a persistent volume claim but templateized, it just means instead of creating a PVC manually and then specifying it in the stateful set definition file you move the entire PVC definition into a section named volume claim templates under these stateful Set Specification. Volume claim templates is an array. So you can specify multiple templates here. So how does it look now? We now have a stateful set with volume claim templates and a storage class definition with the right provisioner for gce. When the stateful set is created first it creates the first part, and during the creation of the pod, a PVC is created. The PVC is associated to a storage class so the storage class provisions a volume on GCP and then creates a PV and associates the PV with the volume and binds the PVC to the pv. Then the second part is created the second part creates a pvc. Then the stories, class provisions a new volume associates that to a PV and binds the PV to the PVC and so on, for the third part. What if one of these pods fail and is recreated or rescheduled onto a note? State full sets do not automatically delete the PVC or the associated volume to the pod. Instead, it ensures that the pod is reattached to the same PVC that it was attached to before. Thus, state stateful sets ensure stable storage for pots. Well, that's it for now, and thank you so much for listening.