In this section. We're going to talk all about Amazon S3 pricing. Now, this is going to be an important aspect to understand for effective and cost effective management on Amazon S3. So when we step back and take a look at high level with the basics are of Amazon S3 pricing, it's mainly contingent on three core elements here. Now first, we have the amount of data you can store and that should be pretty obvious and straightforward. The more data that you store in S3, well, the higher your costs are going to be. Amazon S3 charges you for the total volume of data that you're storing in your buckets. And that, of course, is all measured in gigabytes. The second one is storage class. Now we talked about storage class earlier, and when you upload your objects, you're going to choose a storage class that you want to store that object in. And that storage class has a significant impact on the cost of storing that item on S3. Now, of course, we talked about S3 offers like this wide range of classes designed for all these specific use cases, and each one of those vary in price. So for instance, if we have frequent access, data can be stored in our standard class, while our infrequently access data can go in our infrequent access class or something like a one zone infrequent class, those can be actually cheaper than storing it in traditional S3 standard. Now there's also the glacier and the glacier deep archive classes for long term archival, and those are very, very cheap. So the trick here is to select the storage class that best matches your usage patterns and your needs. Now, lastly, the region where you store your data is also important in regards to the cost. Now, of course, Amazon has data centers spread out through the entire world in all these different regions, and the cost of storing data can really vary depending on the region that you choose. For example, storing data in North Virginia, which is the typical default region for most folks, it might be cheaper than storing the same amount of data in Tokyo now, factors that impact costs of how much it costs to store data on S3 may be things like data sovereignty, latency, the cost to run those data centers in that particular region. I think you'll find that anything in Northern California is probably going to be more expensive than Ohio because, well, it's just more expensive to run things in Northern California. The electricity costs more. The land to build data centers costs more. So naturally, Amazon needs to charge a little bit more to make up for some of those costs. So understanding these three factors, the amount of data we store, the storage class that we choose, and of course the region of where our data resides will definitely help you manage your S3 costs. Now, it's imperative to regularly review and optimize all these factors to ensure cost efficiency for your data that you're storing. So let's take a look at a cost comparison. Now keep in mind these are the current costs of Amazon S3 and from my experience, I don't know, ten plus years of working with AWS. The cost for S3 have traditionally only gone down. Very rarely does actually raise its prices. These should be fairly consistent depending on when you're watching this. So if we look at S3 standard now, all these costs are per gigabyte, per month to store a gig on Amazon S3 Standard, it's going to cost you just over $0.02. Now, keep in mind, these are all in US dollars or really in US cents. So you're looking at .02, three of a dollar, so $0.02 plus a little bit to store a gig that's still super cheap. Now, as we continue moving to the right, we're going to skip Intelligent-tiering for right now. But if we go to S3 standard infrequent access, you can see that the cost is almost half. It's one and a quarter penny, so one penny plus a little bit more, 00.0125 of a dollar. So again, just over a penny to store a gig each month on standard infrequent access. Now if we continue moving on S3 one Zone iAa now that is just a penny, so it is a little bit cheaper than standard iAa As we continue moving to the right glacier instant retrieval, it's even cheaper than a penny. I don't know if you could believe that, but it is only 0.004 of a dollar. It's actually less than half of a penny. So really, really cheap. And that's per gig. If we go to flexible retrieval, we're even cheaper than that. So 003, six of a dollar. And then finally we get to Glacier Deep Archive, which is by far our cheapest. Way to store our data. It's incredibly cheap. So you're looking at, I don't know, 100th of a penny or something like that for Glacier Deep archive from a dollar. You got 0.00099. Incredibly cheap to store data in glacier deep archive. And so again based upon some of these slides that we've already seen before, now keep in mind that data more towards the left is really geared towards data that's going to be more frequently accessed. And as we move towards the right, that's data that is less frequently accessed. And as we get all the way down to deep archive, that's data that, well, we may touch once a year, maybe even less than that. So super, super cheap to store that archival data. Now if we take a step back and look at Intelligent-tiering, so we talked about Intelligent-tiering when we introduced our storage classes. Now remember, S3 Intelligent-tiering has multiple tiers within it and that allows us to move our data between tiers depending on our access patterns. Now, Intelligent-tiering actually uses the other classes that you already see on the screen, so the prices are going to be similar depending on the access tier that we're using within Intelligent-tiering. So if we have our fast access tier, that's going to be the same price as S3 standard because that's really where our data is living. It's an S3 standard, so that's where Intelligent-tiering is going to store that data for us. So naturally the price is going to be the same. Now, if Intelligent-tiering moves our data to infrequently accessed, well, it's just going to live on S3 standard IA and of course it's the same price as standard IA. And finally, as we get to more of our archive tier, we're going to have the same price as Glacier. So we're going to have less than half of a penny for that type of tier. So you can kind of see how Intelligent-tiering compares in terms of pricing. You can immediately see the benefits of using Intelligent-tiering by the cost savings as we move from our fast access tier, which is .023 for a gig. Then as we move down to IA, we're a 0.125, so almost half of that. And then as we continue moving down, it's way, way cheaper than that as we move down to our archive tier. So good comparison there just to kind of showcase how much it costs per gig per month for each one. Now let's showcase an example here. We're going to calculate the cost per month. Well, it's just a simple math problem. We have 40 gig of data to store on Amazon S3 Standard. Well, it's super easy. 40 gig times 0.23 equals $0.92. That's going to be our bill for storing 40 gig of data on Amazon S3 So super easy to do that. Now, keep in mind that if you're storing terabytes, if you're storing megs, you may actually have to do some conversion because most of the pricing is based upon gig. So you may have to do some conversion like, okay, I'm storing X amount of terabytes, how many gig is that? Or if I'm storing X amount of Meg, what percentage of that is a gig? And then we can do the math there. Pretty easy to calculate costs per month. So in our discussion of Amazon S3 costs, I wanted to quickly point out to an attractive feature of S3 pricing. Now that is volume discounts. Everyone loves a discount. Now these discounts are going to apply specifically to the S3 standard storage class, and that's going to be used for, of course, our general purpose storage of data, frequently accessed data. Now, when you look at the pricing of this for the first 50TB of data that you store and of course this is based upon each month you're going to be charged that rate that we just talked about of $0.023 per gigabyte per month, pretty easy, but that's for the first 50 terabyte. So for instance, if you're going to store ten terabytes of data, your cost would be about $230 for that month. Now, as we begin to store more data, as we push over that 50 terabyte bar, well, Amazon is going to start providing us a discount for data storage that ranges from like 50TB all the way up to just less than 500, 499TB. We're actually going to be charged at a slightly lower rate of $0.022 per gigabyte per month. So not a huge difference, but hey, I'll take any discounts that I can get for storing my data. Now, again, it may seem like a small decrease, but when you're dealing with very large quantities of data, again now we're talking about close to 500TB of data, this reduction can really start to lead to some significant savings. Now, finally, when you hit the 500 terabyte mark and beyond, your cost is going to drive further down to $0.21 per gigabyte per month. So once again, at this level of data storage, the reduced rate can look slightly small, but it can result in substantial cost reduction for you because again, we're charging per gigabyte per month. And now we're storing 500TB or more in S3. Now, one thing I want to note that these discounts only apply to S3 Standard Storage class. While it's the most commonly used, we may be storing data on other storage classes that might better suit our needs. Now, if you look at the previous slide, you can see that if we decide that we're going to use other storage classes, well, we're already going to be saving a substantial amount of money below even the lowest rate that's shown on the slide here of 0.021. So remember when we moved to Standard-ia, it was like 0.025, something like that, and even below. So these discounts only apply to S3 Standard as we move to our other storage classes. Of course we're going to have much cheaper rates. So that's pretty easy to understand how we can estimate our costs or determine our costs per gigabyte per month depending on the storage class that we choose, and then how much data that we're going to store in S3. However, if you kind of step back, unfortunately there's a lot more to determining S3 costs than just our typical gigabyte per month in our storage class. So we're going to go through all of those here.