So the next topic I want to touch on is data transfer to S3. Now, any time we're moving data between some other target or source, well, Amazon's probably going to charge us for it. However, in the case of transferring data into S3 from the Internet, maybe that's from your house, maybe that's from your office or your data center and you're doing a data transfer objects into S3. Well, Amazon actually doesn't charge you for that. They want you to bring data into Amazon S3 So to entice you to do that, well, they don't charge you any data transfer fees to do that. However, if you do decide to transfer data from Amazon S3, well, it can get a little bit complex in terms of how much they're going to charge you. And it all depends on where you're going with that data. Now, to start off, the first 100 gig is free each month. Now that's a vast change of what Amazon used to provide back in the day. It used to be any data that came out of S3 is going to be charged some kind of fee. Now they actually give you 100 gigabyte for free each month to the Internet. And by the Internet, I mean from S3 across the Internet to something like your office or data center to your house to wherever. Now, after that 100 gig, AWS does charge per gig that you pull out of S3 And again, it's one of those tiered structures. So for the first ten terabytes, they're going to charge you $0.09 per gig. The next 40TB is going to be just over $0.08 per gig. So just a little bit cheaper. The next 100TB is going to be $0.07. And if you're going to pull out more than 150TB, it's going to be $0.05 per gig. So again, it depends on how much data you pull out or download from S3 and transfer that to some other target location. Now, data transfer to other AWS services a little bit different before we were talking about to and from the Internet. So some other location outside of AWS. Now if you're transferring data within AWS with to and from other AWS services, there are different charges. It's a lot cheaper there. So if you are going to transfer data from Amazon S3 and you happen to use Amazon CloudFront in order to host those files, well, they don't actually charge you for that. That is free. Now, transfers to other AWS regions is actually just $0.02 a gig, but it can be considerably more depending on the source region that you're going to. Remember before we talked about that different regions cost different prices because maybe it costs more to operate data centers there. So if you move data out of S3 that lives in Africa, which is Cape Town, it's actually going to be just over $0.14 per gigabyte. So that's considerably more expensive than other regions that may just charge like a penny or two between different regions. So again, keep that in mind. Keep in mind where you're transferring that data to because other regions may cost a considerable amount more of money. Don't forget that on top of that data transfer fee, well, the fee to store that data in that target location may be considerably more from where it's stored now. So, again, if you're moving data from something like us East One to maybe Africa, Cape Town, the data storage fee per gig per month may be considerably less than US East one than it is in Cape Town. And don't forget, you have to pay that data transfer fee in order to move it and copy it from one to another as well. Something to keep in mind there. All right. So that wraps up the cost management section. Hopefully these were helpful. And you better understand all the different costs that are associated with not only storing data on Amazon S3, but interacting, moving, copying and restoring data in Amazon S3 as well. So thanks for watching the lecture and we'll see you in the next one.