Alright, so now let's talk about AWS Client VPN. So until now, we have talked about the site-to-site VPN connection. And in there, we basically connect our network to the AWS VPC. And then all the users or servers deployed in your corporate data center can access the VPC resources privately. So that was site-to-site VPN. However, if you are working remotely, and if you want to access the VPC resources privately, then you should use AWS Client VPN. So it is something like this, where you are working from home or from the remote sites, you get access to your company network. And then you can access the resources inside that network. And I'm sure during the COVID time, you must have used Client VPN. And for this, typically you will use the Client VPN softwares like OpenVPN or Cisco VPN like that. Alright, so in AWS, the service is AWS Client VPN. And as this diagram shows, in order to connect to the VPC resources, you first create the Client VPN endpoint. And shortly, we are going to discuss in detail how exactly it works. But at high level, you can access all the resources inside the VPC over this Client VPN connection. And also, further, you can connect to the other networks which are connected to this VPC. For example, if you have other VPCs paired with VPC, or if you have VPC endpoint services configured, or if you have the internet gateway, then you can also access the internet through this VPC. And finally, if this VPC is connected to other on-premises network over the site to site VPN connection, then you can also access that network through this Client VPN endpoint. And we are going to talk about all those scenarios once we understand Client VPN in detail. Alright, with that, now let's talk about some important components of the Client VPN. So as you can see here, there are a lot of components in Client VPN. But don't worry, when we do the exercise in the next lecture, we are going to talk about all these components. But here in this lecture, let me quickly show you how these components work together. So for the AWS Client VPN, you need VPC, which you are going to access through the Client VPN, and then you need your machine on which you will have your Client VPN software. Alright, now further inside the VPC, you should create a Client VPN specific subnet, and that is called target network. And this is very similar to how you create the transit gateway, and you have a dedicated subnet for the transit gateway ENIs. So you should have a specific subnet per AZ, if you need high availability for this Client VPN. So you will have the subnet. And the next thing that you would have is the authentication system. Now because this is a Client VPN, you cannot allow anyone to connect to your VPC. For this, you must have the authentication system. And AWS Client VPN supports different authentication methods. For example, certificate based mutual authentication, or Active Directory based authentication, or SAML based authentication. Now out of this, the simplest will be the mutual authentication using the certificates, and that's what we are going to use when we do the lab. Alright, so you will have some authentication system, and then you will create the Client VPN endpoint. Now as you create this endpoint, you have to configure all these things, for example, which is my VPC and which is my target network subnet, then what authentication system you are going to use. And further, you have to also allocate another CIDR range for your client machines. Because when you create a Client VPN, it will allocate a separate IP address to those machines. And this CIDR range should not be overlapping with your VPC CIDR range. Alright, once you do that, of course, you will associate Client VPN with this target network subnet, which essentially will create an ENI into that subnet. And as you know, ENI will also have the security group. So you would have to configure this security group, and bare minimum, this security group should allow the outbound access to the other network that you are going to access through this Client VPN. Now remember here is that you are not accessing this subnet, but rather other subnets that might be there in your VPC. Alright, further, for the security reason, you get quite a few controls with the AWS Client VPN endpoint. So for the security, this AWS Client VPN also comes with its own route table, and through which you can control which part of the network on the left side the client can access. For example, do you want to allow these users to access the internet through this VPC or you want to allow the peered VPC access through this Client VPN endpoint. So you can do all those routing configuration in this route table. Now additionally, there is also user level authentication that you can implement using the authorization rules. Now these are more applicable when you are using the active directory, because in there you have different groups. So you could have group of say people working in the finance department, and you might have your application deployed in a separate subnet for the finance application. In that case, you can configure that only the users from the finance group can access that particular subnet for the finance application. So if you want to go that granular, then you can use active directory based authentication. If you are using the mutual authentication using the certificate, this authorization rule doesn't provide that granular control. Rather, you would have to either allow all the users or deny all the users to access the target network. Right, so for the security, as I said, you can configure this route table as well as these authorization rules. And finally, you will have your application subnets and now you want to access that through this client VPN connection. So the client machine will basically initiate the connection by sending the traffic to AWS client VPN endpoint, which first will authenticate user using one of the method, and then we'll check the routes, we'll check the authorization rule, and we'll then allow the connectivity through this ENI. And once the traffic lands there, then depending on the target network, you can either access internet or any subnets inside this VPC or any other networks connected to this VPC. Right, so I hope it is understood. And these are all the important components that we would have to use in order to set up the client VPN. Now before we stop, and before we go to the next lecture where we actually set this up, here are a few important things that you need to know about the client VPN. And the most important is that when you create the client VPN endpoint, the CIDR range that you saw on the right side should not be overlapping with your target network CIDR range. So just take care of that while you configure the client VPN. Alright, so that's it about this lecture. And with that, now let's do an exercise. And let's set up this AWS client VPN connectivity. So with that, now let's go to the next lecture.