All right, so now let's do this exercise and let's set up AWS client VPN. And for this exercise, our target architecture will be like this. So, on the left side, we have the VPC in which we will have application subnet and the target network subnet for the AWS client VPN. Now, the goal of this exercise is to access this EC2 instance here over its private IP from our client machine, which is your laptop. And for having this connectivity, we will set up AWS client VPN endpoint. Further, for the authentication of the users, we will use mutual authentication using the X.509 certificates. So, for this, we will have to generate the server certificate. And also for every client, we need to generate a client certificate. And further, in order to secure this connectivity, we will have the security group in the target network. Further, we will have the routes in the AWS client VPN endpoint. And additionally, we will have authorization rules configured. So, we are going to follow all these steps. But before we get started, one important thing to notice that when you configure the CIDR ranges for your VPC subnets and this client CIDR, make sure that they do not overlap with your local area CIDR range. Now, what do I mean by that? So, I am using the Windows machine and if I do say ipconfig, it shows me my local area network CIDR range. And this falls under 192.168 range. So, avoid using these ranges for your VPC and the client CIDR ranges. And I am also going to do the same. So, if you are doing the exercise, make sure that you use any other private IP ranges other than what is your local network address. And for the same reason, in this exercise, I am using 10.10.0.0 range for the VPC CIDR and 10.20.00 range for the client CIDR. All right. So, the high level step for this exercise will be this. First, we will create the X.509 certificate and the keys for the server as well as the client. And then we will import that into the ACM. Then we will set up the VPC subnets and the security groups. Next, we will create the client VPN endpoint and then we will associate that endpoint with the target network subnet in the VPC. Additionally, we will create the routes and the authorization rules for the client VPN. Once the VPN is configured on the AWS side, we will download the client VPN configuration file and use that file to configure your local client VPN software. Now, it is up to you which local client VPN you use. But for this exercise, I am using the OpenVPN client. However, AWS now also provides its own client VPN software. So, if you want, you can also download those and install into your local machine. All right. So, once we configure the client VPN locally, we will just test the connectivity to the EC2 instance using its private IP. Right. So, those are all the steps that we are going to do. And now, let's get started with the first step, where we will create the certificates for the server and the client, and we will import those certificates into the ACM. Now, in order to generate this certificate, you need any kind of Linux machine, which can be any EC2 instance, or if you are using the Linux or Mac, you can also execute all these commands onto your Linux or Mac instance. Ultimately, what we are doing, we are generating the certificate and the keys for the server and the client, and we are inputting those into the ACM. Now, all these steps are also given in the AWS documentation. So, if you feel comfortable, you can also refer to that. But overall, these are all the seven steps that you need to follow to generate and import these certificates. So now, let me also do these steps. All right. So, let me fire the first command, where it installs the ECRSA. All right. Next, let's go to the ECRSA directory. And now, let's fire the ECRSA commands. So, here let's initialize the PKI, that is public key infrastructure. All right. So, first thing we need to create the certificate authority, that is CA. So, using this process, we are going to create a CA, and here we can give any name. For example, it's my demo CA. So, that should be good enough. All right. Let me clear the screen. Next, first we need to create the server certificate, and this is a command for that. So, let's create the server certificate. And let's just say yes. And it created the server certificate, that is server.crt. All right. Next, let's create the client certificate similarly, and then we will keep everything into the demo directory, where we'll copy the CA certificate, then the server certificate, and the client certificate with their keys into this folder. And finally, we will upload the server certificate, its private key to the ACM, as well as the client certificate and the key to the ACM. So, now let's do this. All right. So, now let's create the client certificate, and just say yes. And it should create the client one certificate. Now, for every client, you should have a separate certificate. For example, if there are say 100 employees, then you will have separate client certificate for each employee, because then if someone leaves the company, then you can invalidate that certificate into the ACM, and then that user won't be able to log in using that client certificate. So, here because I just have my machine, I'm just creating one client certificate. All right. So, let me clear the screen again. And let me create a new directory where I can collect now all these certificates and the keys together. So, let me create a new directory in my home directory called say demo. And now I will copy all these files into this demo directory. Okay, so let's first copy the CA certificate, then the server certificate, then let's copy the server key. Similarly, the client certificate and the client key. All right. Now, finally, let's go to this demo directory and let's see if we can see all these files. All right, I can see everything. And now let's import these certificates and the keys into the Amazon Certificate Manager. Now, while you do so, one thing to note is that you should use the same region in which you have the VPC and the AWS client VPN. So, for inputting the certificate, you will use the ACM in the same AWS region. Now, in my case, I am using the Mumbai region and that's where you will see AP Southwind as the region provided. So, let me import first the server key here and the server certificate. So, as you can see here, the server certificate and the key has been imported into the ACM. And now let's do the same for the client certificate and the key. All right. So, all the steps for creating and importing the certificate and the keys have been completed. Okay. So, next, we need to set up the VPC now. And in there, we will create the VPC with two private subnets. And then we will also create a security group for this client VPN endpoint. And in that security group, we just need to have the outbound rule. And further, when we launch the EC2 instance here, we will make sure that it allows all the traffic from this particular security group. So, again, all the steps are given in the slides and I'm just going to follow the same. Okay. So, I'm into my VPC console in the Mumbai region. And first thing, let me create a new VPC and let me call it a demo VPC. And the CIDR range is 10.10.0.0 slash 16. Rest of the settings as it is. Now, at this moment, I'm not creating the internet gateway because we don't need that. So, next, let's go to the subnets and let's create new subnets for this VPC. So, the first subnet is for the application. So, let's call it demo app. And let's use one of the AC there. And the CIDR range is 10.10.0.0 slash 24. Let's add one more subnet. And that's for the client VPN endpoint. So, let's call it demo client VPN in the same AC and let's give it a different range 10.10.100.0 slash 24. That's it. Let's create the subnets. All right. Next, let's create the root tables for this subnet. So, let's create a new root table for the VPC. So, let's create a new root table for the demo app subnet in the same VPC. And as of now, we don't need to add any root, but just let's make sure that we associate that with the demo app subnet. All right. Similarly, let's create another root table so that we can control the roots later. And let's call it demo client VPN root table in the same VPC. And here also, we don't need to add any roots, but let's make sure that we attach it to the right subnet. All right. So, if you see this diagram, we are done with the VPC and these two subnets and the root tables. Next, let's create a security group for the client VPN. So, you can create that from the VPC console or EC2 console, but let's do it from here only. So, let's create a new security group and let's call it demo client-vpn-sg allow-all-traffic and this should be in the demo VPC. And here we need to just have the outbound rule, which is already there for IPv4. So, we are just going with that. So, let's create this security group. All right. So, that's also done. And now we need to launch the EC2 instance, which is just for testing the connectivity. So, let's launch the instance in the same VPC that we created. And let's call it demo-app-instance with most of the configurations as default, just that we need to make sure that we create that in the right subnet. So, in the network, let's select the demo VPC and we need to select the demo-app-subnet. Now, here we don't need the public IP for this instance. So, let's go with the disabled option and in the security group, let's call it demo-app-security group and as a rule, as I said, it should allow all the traffic from the client VPN security group. So, source will be custom and here you should have the security group for the demo client VPN. That's it really. We don't need to do any other changes and let's launch the instance. All right. So, it will take some time for this instance to be up and running and by that time, we can probably proceed with creating the client VPN endpoint. So, we are done with all these steps and now let's create the client VPN endpoint and while creating the endpoint, we need to provide the CIDR range for the client side of the network. Now, this IP range will be used to assign a separate IP address for every client that connects using the same client VPN endpoint. So, in your company, if there are say thousands of employees, then every employee machine will get a separate IP from this CIDR range and that's where I said it should not overlap with this range as well as your Wi-Fi's local area network. So, just take care of that. All right. So, now let's create this client VPN endpoint and for this again, we need to go to the VPC console and if you just scroll down and go to the VPN section, you will see the client VPN endpoints. So, let's create our endpoint and let's call it say client VPN endpoint. Now, we are going to attach that to the VPC. So, let's select our demo VPC there and the security group is the one that we had created. All right. Now, which type of the IP address you want to allocate? As of now, we are doing this exercise only with IPv4 addresses because even our VPC has only IPv4 addresses. So, let's go with that. But it supports IPv4, IPv6 and even dual stack. That means both type of the IP addresses. So, let's go with IPv4 here and same for the traffic as well. Now, here we need to provide the client IPv4 CIDR range. So, we will provide 10.20.0.0 slash 16. All right. Now, for the authentication, we are going to use the mutual authentication and first thing we need to provide the certificate for the client VPN itself. So, let's provide the server certificate and now for the client authentication, again we are using the client certificate based authentication. So, let's use this first option. But otherwise, if you are using the active directory for the user management, then you would have to provide your directory ID, but we don't have that. So, let's go with the certificate based authentication. And here for this client certificate, basically you can provide both either server certificate or the client certificate. And the way it works is that if both the certificates are signed by the same CA, that is certification authority, then better you provide the server certificate here. However, if the client certificates are issued by the different CA, then you would have to add the client certificate itself. So, as of now, I can only go with the server certificate. All right. Next, there are a lot of other options, but we are not going to look into that as of now. Just probably one more thing that I want to show is about the transport protocol, which could be TCP or UDP, but let's go with the TCP here. And later I will talk about this full tunnel mode and the split tunnel mode. And we will hopefully do the exercise as well for that. Okay, so that's it about the client VPN endpoint setting. So, let's just create that. Okay, so it will take some time for getting created. And the first thing that you should do after creating the endpoint is to associate that with the VPC subnet that we created for the client VPN. And that is called target network. So, let's go here and let's associate the target network and it should be the demo client VPN subnet. And let me show you in the diagram what I mean by this. So, here I'm talking about this subnet basically, right? Okay, so let's associate this network. Alright, now this will take maybe a few minutes for the association of the target network. So, let me pause this video for maybe two minutes and I will come back. Alright, so it took around like five minutes for this client VPN endpoint to be up and running. Alright, so client VPN endpoint has been created and now we need to do some additional configurations. So, there we need to create the authorization rule here to allow the clients to connect to this network, as well as we need to also add the route in the client VPN route table to allow access to this network. Okay, so for that, again, let's go to the authorization rules here and let's create a new rule. And the destination for us is either you can put the particular subnet CIDR or you can also give your VPC CIDR range as a target network. And let's allow all the users and let's say allow all users and create this authorization rule. Now, similarly, we need to also create the route entry for the same CIDR range, but because we have associated the target network, it automatically creates that. However, for example, if you have a peered VPC and you want to allow access to that peered VPC, then you would have to come here and also add that route manually. Further, if you want to allow the internet access through the internet gateway of the VPC, then also you would have to come here and add the route saying that 000 traffic goes through the internet gateway. Okay, so with that, we are done with the client VPN endpoint setup. And now we just need to download the configuration file and configure the local client VPN. So the steps are simple. We need to download the VPN configuration file from the AWS and use that configuration file to configure the open VPN client in our local machine. So now let's do this. And all the steps again for this are given here. The most important thing here is to add the client certificate and the key in that VPN configuration file. And you can do that by one of the two methods. Either you can paste the entire certificate and the key content in this tags here. Or if you have the certificate and key stored as a file, then you can just add these two entries pointing to your files. And I'm going to use this second method. All right, so let's now do this. So from here, you can download the configuration. But before that, I just wanted to show you that if you don't want to use open VPN client, but rather you want to use AWS provided VPN clients into your local machine, then you can just follow these links and install those clients. So I'm using open VPN and I have already installed that into my local machine. So let's download this configuration file. And let's store it locally. All right, it's there. And now let's open this VPN configuration file. All right, so let me open this with simply the notepad. Okay, so this is how the file looks like. And the important thing here is the endpoint DNS. So of course, we don't need to change that. And additionally, we need to just add the certificate and the key file for the client. And I have my client certificate and the key file stored locally into my machine. So I will just add corresponding paths in the VPN configuration file. Okay, so the first let me add the cert. And let me paste the path. And let's use single code because that's better. And similarly, let's add the key as well. And again, I need to copy the path of the key file. So let me just paste it here and remove this double quotes. And save this file. All right, so everything is done. We just need to go to the VPN client and import this file. So let's say import, import file and import. Okay, file has been imported. The next thing that we need to do is to basically connect. But before that, we need to get the IP address of the EC2 instance so that I can ping it from my laptop. So let's go to the AWS console and grab that IP. Okay, so let's go here and let's go to the instances. And this is the private IP 10.10.0.40. All right. So now let's go here and let's just say connect. And it should show the logs, which says that it has been connected. And you can see the IP address has been assigned from the client side range, which was in the range of 10.20. So now let's go here and let me clear the screen. And let's ping to the EC2 instance IP address. And you can see that I am able to ping to it. So which means that we are able to successfully set up the client VPN connectivity. Now, before we stop for this exercise, let's explore a few additional things. For example, let's try to ping the Google's DNS server, which is publicly available at this IP address. And we can't. Now, do you know why? Or let's try to get say wget https google.com. Or I think curl might work. However, this time the error is not related to the internet traffic, but rather it's a DNS error. That means there are two problems. We are not able to access the internet and we are also not able to resolve the DNS. Now, the DNS problem we will fix a little later. But before that, we need to fix this problem of accessing the internet. Now, if you see why we are not able to access the internet, the reason for that is currently this AWS client VPN is set up in a full tunnel mode. That means all the traffic from the client machine is going through the client VPN, including the internet traffic. However, we haven't configured any way to go out to the internet from here. As of now, we can only access this VPC subnets. And that's where we are not able to access the internet from my local machine. So, as of now, with this setup, I can't even access google.com because this traffic is going through the client VPN endpoint and internet traffic is dropped. Right. So, that's the first problem that we need to fix. And then we will fix the problem of DNS resolution as well. So, that's it about this exercise. And now in the next exercise, we will see how to enable internet access to the client machine. And for that exercise, I will continue with this existing setup. All right. With that, now let's go to the next exercise.