Next, let's talk about EMR or elastic MapReduce, another very important service in the data analytics world on AWS. What is EMR? Again it stands for elastic MapReduce. And what it really is is a managed Hadoop framework that runs on EC2 instances. So basically Amazon took Hadoop and they integrated with EC2. That means that you can launch a cluster that runs Hadoop using the AWS console. This is a managed framework. But you know you do have to specify what servers you want to be running it with, how many instances you want in your cluster, what software you want installed on it, and in return, you will actually be able to log into these instances and do low level stuff with it. So, for example, you could say that you want Apache Spark installed on your EMR cluster. So instead of having this totally opaque system like you did with glue ETL where you don't see the servers, if you want to get down and dirty and actually have low level access to Apache Spark and want to be able to have explicit control over the resources that it has, EMR might be for you. You can also include applications such as Base or Presto or Flink or Hive and more, and we'll talk about those in more depth shortly. If you want to develop code that takes advantage of your cluster on EMR, it offers something called EMR notebooks, where you can develop and iterate on your scripts on your cluster just using a notebook environment in your browser. And they've integrated EMR or integrated Hadoop rather with AWS at several key points, which we'll also talk about more. So what makes up an EMR cluster? Well, an EMR cluster is fundamentally just a collection of EC2 instances that are running Hadoop. Now each one of these instances is called a node. Each node has a role within the cluster which we call the node type. So there are three different node types that an instance in an EMR cluster might be performing. One is the master node. You always need at least one of these. So the master node will manage the cluster by running software components to coordinate the distribution of data and the tasks among other nodes for processing. Assessing its job is to track the status of those tasks and monitor the health of the entire cluster, so every cluster will have a master node. You could even create a single node cluster that has nothing but a master node. So a bare bones minimal single node EMR cluster would just have a master node that does everything. The master node is also referred to as the leader node sometimes. Then we have the core node. So the core node has software components that run tasks and store data in the Hadoop distributed file system HDFS on your cluster or on EMR. It might be EMR FS, which allows you to write data into S3 instead. But the core nodes are what are doing the actual work and distributing that work across the cluster. So the trick here is that your job would be split across many core nodes, potentially each of them responsible for storing a part of your data and for running the processing on a portion of that data. So a multi node cluster will have at least one core node. If you're going to distribute your processing you need at least a core node. Now the third type for EMR is a task node. So this is kind of a newish thing. So a task node has software components that only runs tasks but does not store data in HDFS or EMR FS. They are optional. So if you need to add more processing capacity to your cluster but you don't need more storage capacity, a task node might be a good choice. And if you think about it, EMR is often using S3 for its storage under the hood, right? So you don't always need to have more storage available to you on an EMR cluster because it's all getting funneled into S3 anyway. So a task node can make a lot of sense on EMR, where you don't necessarily need a ton of storage on the EMR cluster itself. So that saves you some money, right? Like you're not paying for all the storage that you're not using. Now the other thing too, is that there's no risk of data loss when you remove a task node because it can't write data, right. So you don't have to worry about that. That means that it's a good thing to be using for spot instances, right? This is something that I can almost promise you'll see referred to on the exam somewhere. The the availability of spot instances for task nodes if you want to cut down your costs on an EMR cluster or add more capacity in a cost efficient way, a spot instance is a great way to do that because you don't really care if it goes down. You know it's just being used for extra processing capacity and the cluster can handle it if that comes in or out. As you're processing your jobs, there's no risk of data loss with a task node because they don't store data. So again, remember, a good way to expand your cluster dynamically is by using a spot instance on a task node. A few ways of using EMR. So one is by using a transient cluster, a transient cluster will automatically terminate once all the steps are complete that it's been assigned. So when you set up a transient cluster, you can say, okay, I want you to spin up this EMR cluster that has this kind of hardware behind it, and it's going to run these processing steps that I've defined ahead of time. And then when it's done, shut yourself down so you can define ahead of time steps in EMR that will load your data, process your data and store the results. And then when it's done, automatically shut down the cluster. That's what a transient cluster is all about. And obviously this saves money because you're not paying for time on this cluster beyond what you need. So if you do have these sort of one shot jobs that you need to run once in a while, a transient cluster is a good way to do that, where it will just spin up those clusters resources, run your job, and then shut down. So a good way to save money potentially. However, sometimes you want to basically build a data warehouse that's long lived. You don't want to be spinning up this thing all the time and shutting it down and losing all of your data in the process, right? So if you want to build basically a data warehouse with periodic processing on some large data set where you can access that data whenever you want or be running jobs on it continuously, a long running cluster might be more appropriate. So in this case, you would spin up a cluster, uh, you know, with whatever parameters that you specify upfront and just leave it running forever. Well, not forever, but until you manually shut it down. And if you do need to add capacity to it later on, you can always spin up more task nodes using spot instances for temporary capacity needs that you might have. Like we talked about If you want to save even more money, you can use reserved instances on these long running clusters to save even more. If you know you're going to be running this cluster for a long time, then obviously a reserved instance is a good choice for the hardware backing that cluster. So by default, termination protection will be on and auto termination will be off on a long running cluster. It will try to preserve itself as much as it possibly can. So two use cases here transient clusters. If you just want to spin up a cluster on demand, run something that you've predefined and then shut it down, or a long running cluster where you have it running all the time and can access it whenever you want to and keep that around in a more persistent manner. You specify the frameworks and applications when you launch the cluster. So we talked about, for example, running spark. That would be something that you would select when you're spinning up the cluster ahead of time. And it will automatically install those frameworks and applications that you want when it's being spun up. Once you have a cluster spun up, if it's a long lived one that's not just running in a transient manner, you can then connect directly to the master node and from that master node run your jobs directly. So if you're a command line type of person, you would basically, for example, set up a spark enabled EMR cluster, connect to the master node, kick off your Spark driver script and it would go off and do its thing using the complete power of the cluster. So that's one way of using EMR. Or you can submit steps via the AWS console to EMR. So these steps you can define strictly in a graphical manner through the console. And you can do basic things like processing data in S3 or from HDFS, which is the underlying file system of Hadoop. You can output that data to S3 or somewhere else. But once defined, you can then kick off those steps via the AWS console. Instead of going through a command line prompt by a direct connection to the master node. So two ways of using EMR. You can log into the master node and kick stuff off, you know, the old fashioned way. Or you can define your steps using the console exclusively, and kick off those steps through the console to run on your cluster.