So now let's talk about Kinesis Data Streams. So it's a service used to collect and store streaming data in real time. So the keyword you have to look out for at the exam is really real time. So here is a diagram to explain better. So we have real-time data. What is real-time data? Well, it is data that is created and used on the spot. For example, whenever users click on our website, it's called a click stream, or when you have a device that's connected to the internet, for example, a connected bicycle, or when you have metrics and logs on a server, and you want to use them directly, so you wanna send those into Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. And to do so we must use what's called producers. So producers can be either applications and this is actually code you have to write to take data from your website or from your devices and send it into Kinesis Data Streams. Or for example, for metrics and logs, you can install what's called a Kinesis Agent on your servers, and it will act as a producer to Kinesis Data Streams as well. So then your data is going to be sent in real time, so as it happens, into Kinesis Data Streams. And the reason why we do so is that we want to have consumer applications consuming this data in real time and leveraging it. So we have our application, and again, you should write some code to read from Kinesis Data Streams, or we can have Lambda functions. It can read from it as well. You have something called Amazon Data Firehose that we'll see in a future lecture, and as well as, for example, services to do analytics on top of your streams, such as the Managed Service for Apache Flink. So some features of Kinesis Data Streams, so your data can be retained on the stream for up to 365 days. And because the data is persisted, you are able to reprocess, to replay data, by your consumers. That means also that once you send data into Kinesis Data Streams, you cannot delete it. You have to wait for it to expire from a time perspective for it to get deleted. Now, data up to one megabyte can be sent in two Kinesis Data Streams. But the real case, the real typical use case, is to have a lot of small real-time data. Your data is going to be in order if you send two data points with the same Partition ID. So it's a way for you to say that these two data points are related in time by sharing the same Partition ID. And you have security features, such as at-rests KMS encryption and in-flight HTTPS encryption. So if you want to write what I call an optimized producer application that is meant for high throughput, you should be using the Kinesis Producer Library, KPL, and to write an optimized consumer application, you should use the Kinesis Client Library or KCL. Okay, now your Kinesis Data Streams has two capacity mode. The first one is Provisioned mode, you which you choose the number of shards on your stream. So what is a shard? A shard is basically how big your stream is. So you can have one shard, but you can have 1,000 shards if you wanted to. The more shards you have, the more throughput you're going to have inbound. So that means you get one megabyte per second or 1,000 records per second for each shard in terms of capacity. And each shard in terms of read capacity now in terms of out traffic is two megabytes per second. So if you want to send, for example, 10,000 records per second or 10 megabytes per second, then you will need to scale to 10 shards. Now, if you wanted to adjust the number of shards over time, you can scale manually to increase or decrease the number of shards. And, of course, you need to be able to monitor your throughput to know how many shards you must have at any point of time. You're going to pay for each shard provisioned per hour. The other mode is On-demand mode. So here you don't need to provision or manage the capacity of your Kinesis Data Stream. You have a default capacity provision, which is about 4,000 records per second or four megabytes in. And then, automatically, Kinesis Data Stream is going to scale based on the observed throughput during the past 30 days. So instead, here, you're going to pay per stream per hour, and you're going to be billed per the amount of data that goes in and out of your Kinesis Data Stream. All right, that's it. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.