If it's been a while since you've taken an AWS certification, you might be surprised that there's a couple of new question types you might not have seen before. So the old ones are still prevalent. Most of the questions are going to be multiple choice, where you have one correct answer out of four choices, or multiple response where there are two or more correct answers out of five or more possible choices, and there's no partial credit. So if you get one of them right and one of them wrong, you still get the whole question wrong. That's I don't like those ones. But anyway, those are tend to be more complicated scenarios where there's two things you have to do to actually achieve what they want you to do, and you have to pick the right two or more things. However, there's two new question types as well ordering and matching. So they also have question types where they will give you a list of things that need to be done, and you have to put them in the right order. And a lot of times that can be a little bit tricky. You know, it's about best practices and not everybody does things the same way. But there is only one correct answer. You know, even if you get one thing out of order, you get the whole question wrong. So there's no partial credit there either. There are also matching question types where you need to match responses to 3 to 7 prompts. And again, there's no partial credit for that either. Get one of them wrong. You get the whole question wrong. Uh, there was used to be a case study question type. They rolled this out with the machine learning associate and AI foundational uh practitioner exam. Uh, that seems to be gone in this exam according to the exam guide. So I guess the feedback on those case study questions wasn't good. Uh, they they were very time consuming, to be fair. What is an ordering question look like? Well, here's an example of one. So, um, basically they give you ooh, not only do you need to order them, you need to select them. So in this particular case you need to pick the three correct answers and then put them in the correct order. I've also seen variations of this where they give you all the correct ones up front, and you just have to order them. So it could go either way folks, you got to be ready for either one. So for example, in this course I need to select the correct steps from this list and not only select the right three, but put the right three in the right order. So think of it as like a multiple selection exam on steroids. You know you need to select the right choices and also put them in the right order. Then we have matching question types. And this is where you basically you're given a set of scenarios and a couple of choices, or maybe more than a couple. And you have to choose the right choice for each scenario. So it's kind of a many questions built into one. And if you get even one of them wrong, you get the whole question wrong. So the stakes are high. In this particular example, we're given a couple of different S3 storage classes and four different, uh, statements where you need to select the appropriate storage class for what they're talking about. So if a backup is restored every three months and has a required retrieval time of up to 12 hours, is that glacier flexible retrieval or S3 standard retrieval? Um, if it's retrieved one time each year, would you be choosing glacier flexible retrieval or S3 standard retrieval. Right. And it's, you know, kind of baking a bunch of questions into one really. And again, there's no partial credit here. So, uh, do take your time on these ones because it's easy to blow the whole thing by just messing up one part of it. So those are the new question types to expect, uh, ordering and matching in addition to the old school ones of multiple selection and multiple choice.