Hey everyone well we have finished our Azure Master Class V2 and this is really just a closing thoughts video and to just make sure everyone is aware of the resources that make U the master class. I've hope you found it useful. I try to cover the complete fundamental things you need to know during our 11 core modules. My key point would be make sure you've checked out the repo so the repo obviously has. A list of the playlist so this is where you can jump and see the core videos. That make up the Azure master class. It also has links to the individual videos, links to the individual whiteboards and then additional recommended videos. Now there are a huge number of these. This is if you wanted to go into more detail on some particular area that may be really interest you. It also has a link to the consolidated handout, so this is a giant PDF file you can see over here. What this has is, well so I think nearly 120 pages long. It's all the slides, and then for each of the modules it has also the whiteboard for that module. A list of the recommended videos? A list of the core links. And then again if there was a white board for a particular module, which is most of them except for the first one. It's going to have that white board in here as well, so you can download this PDF file. It might be useful as just something you can go back and reference. Within the repo. There's a folder for each module. Some of them would have, well, other assets that you may actually want to go and use to try things out yourselves. Like hey, the actual templates. The best way to get this would be to clone. The module. So you can actually go and say hey I would use this URL and go and create a clone of it. But I did also create a release. So with the release what you can do is just get a zip file. So this would just be a complete zip of everything for that particular version. And that was it. So I will probably update this master class maybe every two years, do those big rerecord everything. In between that time, what I probably will do is sometimes I might add additional videos. So if I do a video about particular topic, I may update some of the recommended reading recommended additional videos for that. But I probably won't update any of the actual key videos unless there's some huge change, in which case I may go and update a particular video or add in even maybe a new module if there was some huge big change. That was it. I hope this was useful. If it was useful, I didn't go on and on about it in the actual course, but obviously our subscription is appreciated and if you hit the bell, you'll see. When I release other videos, I obviously do the weekly update. I typically release one or two extra videos every week about some content. So just a way for you to stay up to date on Azure and other things as well. That was it. So until next video, take care.