Let's talk about AWS Lambda. Lambda is a serverless data processing tool that you can use. Let's talk about what that means. So what is Lambda? Basically, it's a way to run little snippets of code in the cloud. So if you have a little bit of code in pretty much any language you can imagine, Lambda can run that for you without you having to worry about what servers to run it on, so you don't have to go and provision a bunch of EC2 servers to run your code. Lambda does that for you. It thinks about the actual execution of your code. You just think about what the code itself does. So it is a serverless method of actually running little bits of code that will scale out continuously without you having to do anything. Lambda will automatically scale out the hardware that it's running on as needed, depending on how much data is coming into it. So you can see how this fits into a big data world. If you have a lot of data flowing in, Lambda will automatically scale itself up and down to handle the processing of that data dynamically. In the context of big data, it's often used to process data as it's moved around from one service to another. So some services don't talk directly to other services in AWS, but Lambda can be used as a glue between anything, pretty much so it can sit there and get triggered by some other service sending data into it like a Kinesis data stream. Reformat that information into a format required by some other service. Send that data to another service for further processing, and maybe retrieve that data and send it back. So lambda is just a way of like running little stateless bits of code in the cloud that is often used to just glue different services together in big data. Let's look at an example. It's not always used for big data. A very common use of lambda is in use of a serverless website, and it's actually possible to build a website without having any servers that you manage at all. This is called a serverless website. And you can do this with AWS Lambda. Now, you normally can't do this with a really dynamic website, but if you can build your website by just having static HTML and Ajax calls embedded within that HTML, well, you can serve that from S3 or something, right? And then the Ajax calls are all you need to deal with. So maybe you have an API gateway and Amazon that sort of serves as the wall between the outside clients and you, the interior of your system there. So let's say, for example, you have a website where someone needs to log in. That login request might go through the API gateway, which in turn would then get sent off to AWS Lambda. Lambda would say, okay, the website wants this person to log in. It could turn around and craft a request to Amazon Cognito to say, do you authenticate this user or not? Amazon Cognito will come back and say, sure, here's your token. Lambda could then format that result and send it back to the website. So Lambda is sort of the glue there between the website API and Cognito on the back end. Similarly, let's say that we're building a chat application on our front end there. Maybe we need to retrieve the chat history for that user ID once they've logged in. So again the API gateway would receive that request. Lambda would be triggered by that API request and say, okay, I need to go get the chat history for this user ID. How do I craft that request to DynamoDB? It would then turn around, craft that request to DynamoDB for that chat history, talk to DynamoDB to get that, and then send it back through the API gateway back to the website. So here you see Lambda often fills a role as sort of the glue between different services. That's exactly how we're going to use it in our application here. Very soon we're going to build this out. You'll recall that in our Order History app. Previously we used a Kinesis consumer application running on an EC2 host to sort of serve as the glue between Kinesis Data Streams and Amazon DynamoDB. Now, we don't want to have to manage EC2 servers for such a simple task as that. We can use Lambda instead. That's a much better choice. So we're going to build a Lambda function that actually sits between our data stream that's receiving server logs coming in and between DynamoDB, where we want to store that data. Longer term, Lambda is just going to sit there waiting for triggers of events from the data stream, and each trigger event will actually have a batch of events that needs to go through and extract each individual record, and then turn around and write that into DynamoDB. So again, Lambda is just the glue between the data stream and some other service, in this case DynamoDB. Later in the course, we'll build out a transaction rate alarm. Its only purpose is to notify us when something unusual is happening on our system. So in this case, we have a Kinesis data stream that's receiving events that says something weird is going on that requires someone's attention. Lambda is going to be triggered by those data stream events, and it will then turn around and craft an SNS request to actually send out a message to your cell phone notifying you that something requires your attention. So yet again, Lambda is the glue between two different services that don't talk directly to each other. But because Lambda is just code, it can do anything. It can transform that data in any way. You can talk to any service on the back end. You can imagine it can do whatever you want. So it's sort of the magic glue that enables you to put different components together and creative ways. And this is just one example of that.