All right. Just to give yourself a break from the slides here. Let's do a little demo of step functions and using this to basically create a chat API or a converse API around a model that only supports invoke models. So we can see how we can use step functions to implement prompt chaining to chain together the prompts from within a conversation into a larger context. And you might want to just consider this a demo as opposed to following along, because as you'll see, it depends on specific bedrock models. And specific bedrock models come and go pretty quickly. So odds are this isn't going to work for very long. In fact, the built in demos we're going to see doesn't even work anymore. So welcome to the world of generative AI development. All right. Let's go ahead and go to the Step Functions console here and get started. And we don't have to start from scratch. So there are helpful templates we can start from. So let's go ahead and choose a template. And if we navigate to the bedrock service we can see there is one available for bedrock right now. And that is for prompt chaining which is exactly what we want. Funny that it's almost like I planned that. Let's go ahead and click on that and say next. Now let's go ahead and use this template. But there is a catch here. So like I said this template is coded against a very specific model, a cohere model specifically that no longer exists in the bedrock marketplace. So if I were to use this template in demo mode, it wouldn't work. And because in demo mode everything is read only, I couldn't fix it either. So, um, this is going to be a more interesting demo because we're going to have to build on this, which is what you would do in the real world, right? Like you wouldn't just be using a demo, you'd be just using it as a starting point. And that's what we're going to do here. Also, this instruction to enable model access in the bedrock console is already out of date as well. Um, it's no longer necessary to explicitly subscribe to models in bedrock. You're automatically subscribed to them now. And if you do want to read more about this specific demo, there's a link here, but it's pretty straightforward. Let's take a look at what it's doing though. So basically we're starting and a prompt comes in. So we have this basically a JSON structure of prompt set. We start with. And this is going to just be a list of prompts that we want to build off of each other in, like a conversation kind of a thing. So we're going to chain these prompts together. What happens here is that we go to this choice state and it says are we out of prompts yet. Do we have more to process? As long as we do, we're going to go ahead and invoke that model with the prompt and keep on iterating on those prompts until we're done, at which point we're going to say we're done, we succeed, and we end. So pretty straightforward prompt chaining. We're just chaining our prompts together in this loop and quitting when we're done. When that counter, um, is no longer greater than zero. So let's go ahead and click on build on it. Because again the built in demo does not work. And click on Use template. And the first thing we're going to have to do is edit this template so that it actually will work with another model. So to do that we're going to have to go down to the bedrock invoke model block here in our step function. So that step is where all the model specific stuff is in this particular template. And by the way bedrock is only supported in certain regions. So if you're not in US east, 1 or 1 of the more common bigger ones, you might want to double check that bedrock actually works for you. Um, so first of all, we need to replace the model identifier. And this is going to be used not just for the step functions, but also for the IAM permissions to actually grant permission to the model that I'm using. Now command text V 14 no longer exists in bedrock. So I got to find one that does. So let's go to the console and open up bedrock in its own window. And of course you could get there any other way that you want. You could just navigate to it through the search bar or whatever works for you. And let's go ahead and look at the model catalog and try to find something comparable. So again we're looking for a model that's just taking straight in text not a chat history. So we need something simple. Uh, now Cahir unfortunately no longer has anything simple. So there's a bunch of embedding models, but the only actual text models are command R and command R plus, which expect a chat history and tool usage. And they're much more, um, much more involved than just a simple text model. So let's see if we can find something even simpler. Let's go to Amazon and let's go down to like the old, uh, Titan text G1 light. Sounds like a good one for me. So what we're going to need here is both the model ID and also the input and output format that it expects. Right. So let's go ahead and start with that model ID. We know we need that. And we're going to paste that into here where we specify the model. But let's double check arguments and output. All right. So I know that this is not the correct body format for that particular model. This would have worked with the cohere model that was made for. But the uh structure that's expected from Titan text G1 is different. It's not just a prompt inside of a body in max token. So let's see if we can figure out what that is. Fortunately, from the model catalog it should document that with inference parameters and responses. So let's take a look at that. and under invoke model request and response we can see what the actual format is. So here we can see that we have a structure with input text and then a text generation config structure. And the max token count lives under that. So let's go ahead and see if we can adapt that to what's in here. So instead of prompt it's input text. Right. And the way that's being constructed is the same. So this is kind of where the heart of some of it is. It's basically taking the previous conversation history and appending it to the current prompt coming in here. So this is where that chaining is actually happening. Now max tokens is not just sitting there in the top level, it's under text generation config. I'm just going to copy and paste this section to start from. And we'll leave the temperature and top P as the default and just specify the max token count which was 250. Right. And then we'll get rid of the old one here. And I can get rid of that extraneous comma. And. Okay, all of our warnings are gone, so this looks more like it. So we have input text the indentations wrong on that but whatever. And then text generation config with max token count. So that should be the expected input format for this particular model. Now there's also the output format we need to deal with. So if we click on over to variables we can see here that it's assuming that this is how the output is structured, which is also an incorrect assumption for this particular model. So it's not body generation zero dot text. Let's see what it really is. So under response model for invoke model, it looks like it's actually going to be under results. And then output text. So the array of results is called results. And within that we want output text. So let's change that. It's not generations it's results. And it's not text, it's output text. Let me double check that. Okay. I think I got the syntax right there. All right. So now I think this might work a little bit better. So let's go ahead and create this. And it's just telling me what roles are being created. And that should be automatically created with access to the correct model for invoke model and also for x ray tracing if we wanted as well. Let's confirm that. And our state machine has been created so now we can play with it. So let's go ahead and start execution. And we need to give it some input. Now I've provided you with some sample input in your course materials. Or you can just copy it here. But if you click on input or import rather and you find your course materials, hang on while I navigate to mine. All right. Somewhere in there you should see a prompt chaining dot JSON file. So go ahead and select that as your input. And you should see this. Basically we're going to chain these three prompts together as part of this step function. So we're going to start by saying name a random city. And it must not be fictitious and just provide the name comma and country. Then I want you to write 2 to 3 sentences describing the city, and then write a few sentences about the local casino of the city. Let's go ahead and start execution and see if it works. All right. It started successfully. And let's give it a moment to actually do something. It succeeded. Oh my gosh. We got it right on the first try I love it. All right. So now if we want to see what it actually did we can go up here to execution input and output. And there's our input and there's our output. So here's our random city. It shows Cleveland, United States, just like it specified. Just the city in the country wrote, uh, 2 to 3 sentences about the city, followed by some words about its cuisine. And apparently, if you're going to Cleveland, you want to go and order deep dish pizza, as well as thin crust varieties and maybe an Italian beef sandwich and pasta dish as well. Cool. I'm getting hungry already. All right. Oh, and craft beers. Mm. Love it. All right, so there you have it. Let's clean up our mess. But yeah, that's just a demo. Not only of state machines, but also kind of the fragility of some of these systems because models tend to come and go. And sometimes when models go, your application breaks, you need to design around that. Somehow this demo did not. So we had to go and do some extra work there. But it's good. It's a it's a teaching moment, as they say. Let's clean up our mess though. Back to step functions and state machines. And from here, if we refresh it, there it is. Let's go ahead and delete this before we forget. And we'll confirm that with delete. And there we go. So there you have it. Step functions with bedrock working together for prompt chaining.