Okay, so let's have a look at Amazon EventBridge and see what this service is about. So we have lots of options. We have the EventBridge rules, the pipes to connect event sources, the schedule to invoke a target on a regular schedule and the schema registry to organize your schema. So lots of things to look at, but first, let's go deep into the main thing of EventBridge, which are rules. So rules are a way for you to react to events happening in your account. For example, EC2InstanceStateChangeDemo. So this rule is going to be triggered whenever there is an event that happens in your account, which is that an EC2 instance state changes. And so for this we're going to have a rule type of rule with an event pattern. Click on next and then we're going to react to AWS events. And then this event is going to follow a pattern form. And here we can look for services and choose the service. We can choose EC2, and then the instance type called Instance State-change Notification. So here, as you can see, for event source, you have a lot of options. So either AWS services or EventBridge partners and we'll have a look at those in a second. And for the type of service, you have all of them pretty much. And so for each service, you will have an event type and again, they can be described in the documentation, for example. So here we want to have a look at whenever an EC2 instance state changes. What does that mean? Well, we can select the state and, for example, we want to be notified whenever an instance is either shutting down or is terminated because, for example, say that we think that this is a problem in our account when this happens, or we wanna be at least be aware of it. So now this EventBridge rule is going to be triggered every time this happens. And then we click on next. We need to select a target. So what happens when this is triggered? Well, a target could be, for example, that we want to select an SNS topic and send a notification to a topic. But you can see you have lots and lots and lots of options around what you can do for targets of EventBridge rules. For example, you can stop an instance, terminate an instance, start an ECS task, trigger another function, send a message to SNS or SQS, and so on. So we'll choose SNS and we'll say, okay, we want to send it into a topic. So you would have to go into SNS and create a topic. I'll do this very quickly. Demotopic. And then we're going to just create it. Now back here, I can refresh this and choose my demotopic. Perfect. And if this topic was hooked to an email as a subscription, then we would receive an email every time an EC2 instance state changes. So we'll click on next, next. And here we go, we have created our first EventBridge rule. So that's extremely powerful as you can see. The other type of rule we can create is a schedule, for example, run every hour. And so you click on continue in EventBridge Scheduler. And actually this takes us to a new UI. So before we were in events, in buses, now we are in Scheduler. And here we can set up something to happen every hour, for example, okay, you want to have a recurring schedule and you want it to be every one hour. You can do rate every one hour, then something will happen. So we can select a flexible time window, click on next, and then you choose what happens. So every one hour, for example, you can invoke a Lambda function, for example, to do a cleanup of something on your account or to send a message to SQS to trigger an automation or whatever you want. As you can see, you have a lot of different options or you can even choose any API you want for any service, which is incredible. So I'm not gonna go ahead with it, but this is how you would set up a schedule, a recurring schedule, or a one-time schedule if you wanted to have something run only once. Okay, so now we have event buses. So by default we have an event bus called default, which is the main event bus of your account. But if you want to have different rules for different event buses, you can click on event buses and you can actually create an event bus. You specify the name of it, you specify encryption. And then this will be a way for you to have rules specifically for that event bus. And the goal of it is to have separation, for example, of security, to have a special event bus, for example, for targets, and events that may be super important to you. You can replay events in Amazon EventBridge as well in order for you to have a look and do some debugging if you need to. Okay, other things you can do is to have a look at the partner event sources. So on top of having events from AWS within your account for any type of events that can happen for specific services, you can also have specific partners that will trigger events in your account. For example, you can set up Auth0 integration and for example, when the user signs up on Auth0, it can send an event directly into Amazon EventBridge. And from there you can run any type of rules and automation you want. So the idea is that this becomes a bridge, hence the name EventBridge, between many SaaS software and service you may use online and your AWS infrastructure without you writing any type of Glue code, like code to link these things together, which is amazing. And finally, well, you can also send the rules to specific API destinations to send it outside of AWS, for example, to invoke a specific bit of architecture that's outside of your account if you need to. It could be an external API that belongs to you or to, for example, a SaaS that you need to have integration with. So EventBridge is super powerful. And finally you have the schema registry for you to have a look at all the different types of event schemas in AWS. For example, we can look at the EC2 instance state. Let's see if we find it. No, we don't find it, it's okay. But you can look at any of these events and it will tell you the type of things you can expect in the JSON of the event and the type for each of the things. So if it's a string and so on, or an array of string, a date-time and so on. And out of it, you can download code bindings for any of these programming languages. And that means that you can automatically develop applications that use events in EventBridge directly without you setting up the schema or the code for the schema. And you can get started with Java, Python, TypeScript and Go. So all of it is super helpful. EventBridge is a super helpful service. As a general rule, remember how to use rules for sure and how to use schedules for sure. All right, that's it, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.