Okay, Welcome to this lesson on ingesting the constructors.json file from our Raw container to the Process container. Unlike the previous lessons we're dealing with JSON file this time. We'll take the JSON data, read it using the DataFrame Reader API, and then perform the necessary transformations and write to the process container using the DataFrame Writer API. The data returned to the process folder will again be in parquet format. The JSON data has the following columns. I'll walk you through the file shortly, so we'll go into a bit more detail there. As part of the transformations will apply the transformation to rename the columns, constructor id and constructor reference to make them snake case or i.e. with underscores. We'll drop the URL from the input data. And also similar to what we did in the previous lesson, we'll add a new column called Ingestion Date, which will contain the date and time of the data being ingested. So this is quite a simple file, but there are three new things I want to teach you as part of processing this file. Firstly, we'll learn about the JSON DataFrame Reader API. Secondly, I want to teach you how to use the DDL based schema rather than the one we used previously, which used the StructType and the StructFields to define the schema. And finally, we'll use the Drop method to drop the URL column rather than the Select method to select only the required columns. Before we get into creating the notebook, let me quickly walk you through the file. Let me open the file. I'm going to open it up in Visual Studio Code. As you can see, this is a single line JSON. What that means is every line in the file is a full JSON record. So let me make it slightly smaller so I can show you. So as you can see, the line starts from here and ends here, and that is the full JSON object. And we got, it's again a very simple file, so it's got the constructor Id, constructor reference, name, nationality and URL as the columns. There are no nested structures or arrays in this one, it's quite a simple one to deal with, and the constructor id, as you can see is integer and the others are all strings. So that's the file, again actually, if I scroll down, it's only 211 records. It's such a small file, so it is a good candidate for the first JSON file for us to process. So in the next lesson, we'll take this file and create a notebook to process this and create the parquet output files as we expect. So I'll see you then.