Just to save a bit of time, I've already created a notebook called 3.ingest constructors file and I put that in the same folder, which is ingestion and I'm keeping it alongside other files and I've done the documentation here. So the first thing we want to do is to read our JSON file. And as I said in the previous video, I want to show you another style of defining the schema, because we use the StructType previously, but there is another option available. So let's look at the documentation here. So that's the documentation for the DataFrameReader schema. And as you can see here, you've got two options, one is to use the StructType, that's what we used for csv files previously, and the other one is the DDL formatted string. So the way you define that, is you put the column name and then the data type, and then it goes like that. So if you had arrays, then you would use arrays as well. But there isn't a lot of documentation around this one. I couldn't find at least, and I normally tend to prefer the StructType, because that goes in line with the rest of the Python code. But I want to show you this style of doing it as well. So if you come across this kind of schema defined by one of your colleagues, then you won't be surprised. So let's switch back and use the DDL style to define our schema. And I'm going to call this one as constructor schema. And let's define the columns now. As we know, we have a number of columns, and the first one is the constructor id. And we know that the data type for that one is an integer. So you can either do int or integer. These data types come from Hive. But as I said, actually I couldn't find much documentation. But when you use the hive data types, it works fine because it uses hive metastore for everything. So the first one is constructor id and the next one is the constructor reference. And we know this one is a string. And we also had the name that is a string nationality. And that is a string too. And finally, we've had the URL, which is again a string. So we've defined the schema. It looks quite simple here, and let's enter to execute. So that is Shift Enter. And now with the schema, we can read our data from the JSON file into our DataFrame. So this is going to be read into a DataFrame called constructor_df. And now let's switch to the documentation to look at the DataFrame Reader for JSON. So if I go back to the API reference again under Input and Output, we got the DataFrameReader.json, and again similar to the csv DataFrame Reader, this takes a number of parameters and path is the only mandatory parameter, everything else is got none as the default value. And you can go through these parameters available for you. So we got the path and we're going to define the schema in our case. But if you wanted to define any of the others, then you could do that as well actually, there is a lot of options here. And at the end, actually, you've got an example. So let's switch back to our notebook and that will be spark.read and we want to define our schema, so let's do schema. And that schema is the one we defined up there. So that will be constructor_schema. And we also want to specify the JSON file for that one. So that is .json, and then we want to specify the name of the file. So that is in our Mount, which is mnt/formula1df. / it's in the raw and the name of the file is the constructor.json, and I missed a slash here, because that continues to the next line. So let's execute this one and we should see the data in our DataFrame. I have got something wrong. So which is the name of the file, I think so. Our file is called constructors.json, so let's execute that. And we've got the DataFrame now populated, so let's quickly do a display on the data set and see the contents. And as you can see, we got the constructor id, constructor reference, name, nationality and URL. One more thing you may want to check is we've defined the schema in a different way now, so let's do a print schema on the DataFrame. So that will be print schema and that should print the schema for us. And as you can see, we got the constructor id as integer and everything else is a string. So this DDL style of defining the schema works in the same way to the other one we did before. But as I said, my personal preference is to use the Struct Type and the StructFields, but if you feel comfortable doing this, you can stick to this as well. I don't think there is any other difference between the two. Let's now tidy up the notebook before we move on to the next step, so we don't need the print schema statement here, but we'll keep the display so that we can look at the data while we do the next step.