So the next thing we want to do is to drop the unwanted column, which is the URL in our case. Let's do that. So as I said before, in the previous lesson actually we selected the data we needed, but now we are going to look at how to drop a column from a DataFrame. So let's switch to the API reference and under the DataFrame API, you will see a method called Drop. So it's quite as simple as it says here. It returns a new DataFrame that drops a specified column. And there are a couple of examples here. And they've got the df.drop age. In this case, Age is the column which is getting dropped. You can specify it like this or you can say df.age or when I showed you in the Select, I showed you a couple of other ways of referencing this column. You can use the DataFrame and then open square brackets age and then close the square brackets, or you can do the Col method as well around the age column. So let's switch to the notebook and implement that for our DataFrame. So I'm going to call the new DataFrame as constructor dropped df, and that's going to read from our original constructor df. And this time, as we said, we're going to drop the data. So let's specify URL in here. So that should drop and the new DataFrame shouldn't have the new column. So you can do a display on that or you can just see here, as you can see, we've only got the four columns, we don't have the URL. So the other way of referencing this column is using the DataFrame name and then have square brackets around that. So let's do that. This is quite handy when you have multiple dataframes and you want to reference a column within this specified DataFrame. In this case, it's not an issue because we're only dealing with one DataFrame, but if you go back to the documentation, if you look here, we're joining two DataFrames here df and df2, but the column we want to drop is from the df data frame, and both data frames have got the column name, name. So that's why it's easier to reference using df.name or df open brackets, which is a square bracket, and then the attribute name. So in our case it's not really quite useful. And the other option you got is to use the Col function around it. So let me import the Col function first. And instead of the DataFrame name, I would have Col and then I just need the brackets here. So if I execute that, I should see the same thing. The URL doesn't appear anymore. So that's cool. The next requirement we had is to rename our columns as well as to add the ingestion date as a new column. So in the previous lessons, we did them in two steps. But let's try and do that in one step here. Okay. So we're going to call this one as constructor final df, because that's our final DataFrame before we are going to write it into our file. And we're going to take the data from the dropped df and let's use withColumn renamed and rename the first column, which is our constructor id. And this is going to be called constructor_Id. And we got another one, which is going to be the constructor reference. And we're going to do the ingestion date here as well, so let's use the withColumn method for this one. And the name of the column is ingestion date. And as we did before, we are going to use the current timestamp function. And in order to use that current timestamp function, we need to import the function as well. So that's going to be from pyspark.sql.functions and we're going to import current timestamp. So let's execute that statement and also execute this one. And let's now do a display on this dataframe to see whether we got the data as we expected. So as you can see, we got the columns as we expected. And also the new column ingestion date has been populated with the right data as well. And the column names look Okay. So you might be wondering actually why we did this in two steps previously and we're doing in one step here. Spark lets you combine your different API calls in one statement, but the line you need to draw is when does it become too complicated? In this case, it doesn't matter. When somebody comes in here, they'll be able to see that a couple of columns are renamed and a new column is added. But we don't want to be doing a drop as well at the same time, for example. So it's it's up to you as a developer to break down the Col's as much as you want, but make it as easily readable so that the other developers can come and support your code. Having this in one statement or two statements doesn't make any difference to Spark, because at runtime Spark will put them together and find the most optimum way to execute your Spark statements. And the final thing we want to do is to write that data to our parquet file. There is nothing new we're going to do here. We're going to do exactly same as what we did here, by using the DataFrame Writer, so that is write., and the mode we wanted to use is overwrite, so that we can rerun our notebook as many times as we wanted. And then that will be to parquet and we want to specify the location of the place where we want to write the file to. So that would be /mnt/formula1dl and the container name is Processed and we want to give a folder name for our DataFrame data to be written to, and I want to write that data into constructors. So let's write that. And that's being executed and that's brilliant. So as a final step, let's just quickly check to make sure that actually we've got all the files. So we got the parquet file being written here, which is brilliant. So we come to the end of the lesson. Let's tidy up the notebook very quickly so the LS command can go. And we got the displays along the way and they can be removed as well. And that's the end of this lesson. And I'll see you in the next one.