I have already created a Databricks notebook, a Python notebook called Ingest Driver Files, and I've put that in the same location, we got all our ingestion notebooks, so that is under ingestion, we got 4.ingest drivers file. And I've got a few comments here, so we're going to have four steps in this notebook. The first one is going to read the JSON file and the second one is going to do the renaming and adding any new columns. And the third one is to drop unwanted columns, and the last one is going to write the output to the Process container. So it's no different to any other notebook we've done so far. So let's start with the first step, which is to read the JSON file. And as I said, actually this schema here is slightly different, so the name field needs to be defined first. So before we start that, we have to import all the types we need. So let's do that first. So these are the types we are interested in. You can look back at the Database User Guide if you want it to be sure. But now let's define the schema. In order to do the schema will have to define two schemas to make it easier to read. As you know, within our file, if I switch back here, we've got to say JSON object. So we've got a inner JSON object here for the name. And then you've got the outer one for the whole thing together. So we'll first define the inner JSON object here and then we'll wrap it around on the outer one. So let's do the name schema first. And we do exactly same as what we did before with the StruckType. And then we do fields equals. And then you want an array of fields. So let's start with the StructField for first name first. And now let's define the surname as well. So now we've defined the name schema. Let's define the driver schema now. So this is the StructField for the name. The type here is not one of these integers or strings, the type is another schema. So let's, let's give the name schema for this one, because we've already defined it. And let's carry on with the rest of the fields now. So with that, we've defined all the fields. Let's do Shift Enter to execute that. So the scheme is now been defined. Let's read the file like we did before. Okay, let's hit Shift Enter to execute that. I've got an error here. That's because I've used the process folder rather than the raw folder. Let me change that back and it should execute okay, so that's done that. And now let's see the schema. That's the main thing we want to see. So that's the dataframe.printSchema. And we should be able to see the schema to have the name as a struct with forename and surname as string. So it's read the data as you'd expect. But just to be doubly sure, let's do a display on the data frame to see the data as well. Yeah, that looks brilliant. As we expected, the name is another JSON object here with the forename and the surname. Let's now move on to our next step, which is to rename the columns and add the ingestion date, which we've done before. And also we need to concatenate the forename and the surname here. So let's do that. First we want to import the functions we need. And let's create the new DataFrame. So that will be called drivers_with columns. I'm going to rename the columns that as we need. Let's now add the ingestion date as well. And the last one to do is to create the new name column. So this is the one we haven't done before, so let's do that. The new column is going to be called Name and we need to use the concat function. And the first column for the concat function is the forename. So that's name.forename and we need to add a space. So let's use the literal function to specify a space. And then we need the third parameter for the concat, which is going to be our second column. So let's execute that. Okay, so lits not define, so let's define the lit function as well and execute both commands. Okay, so we got everything here. So let's now display the contents to make sure that we have managed to concatenate the two fields and get the data. And as you can see here, we've got the driver id, driver reference being renamed and we've got the new column name, which has got the concatenated name of the driver from surname and the forename. And that's like a normal field now. And then you've got the date of birth, nationality, URL and the ingestion date. So everything looks okay to me. Let's scroll across, there are no new fields. Let's move on to the next step, which is to drop the unwanted columns. So the name has been renamed here, so we've done with column, so that means the name field already existed, but we have now concatenated the two fields to create the name field so we don't have to drop the forename and surname, they are implicit and we need to drop the URL from this one. So let's do that. And we've got the final df and we're going to write it to parquet, it is going to be very similar to what we did previously. And that data has now been written. We can read this file back to see whether we got the data we needed. So I'm going to just quickly do a read from that one. So that's going to be spark.read.parquet and as you can see, the data is as expected, so we got all the fields we are interested in and the fields are renamed, concatenated and the new fields added. And that's what we got in our Data Lake. That's brilliant. So let's quickly tidy up the notebook. We don't want the display commands here everywhere. So that's brilliant. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see in the next one.