Okay. I've already created a notebook called 6.ingest pitstops file in the same folder, which is the ingestion folder where we're keeping all the other files. And I've also attached my cluster to the notebook. So the first thing we want to do is to read the JSON file using the Spark DataFrame Reader API. So as we know, we need to define the schema. In order to define the schema, we need the types to be imported. So let's do that first. So the next thing is to define our schema. I'm going to call minus pitstop schema. And I'm going to define the schema like we did before, which is using the StructType. So let's now read the JSON file. So I'm going to read that into pitstops_df and we're going to use this spark.read., Now actually, we want to give the schema for that. So I'm going to use the schema which we've defined just above. So that's the pitstops schema. And we also need to specify the path of a JSON file here in JSON. So we have the mount as we know that is /mnt/formula1dl/raw, and this file is called pitstops.json. So let's execute that. So, so far, what we've done is to do exactly the same as what we did for a single line JSON, which is to define the schema and then use the schema to read the data using the DataFrame Reader API. But let's see what the data is in this DataFrame. So I'm going to do a display on the DataFrame. And as you can see, all the columns are having value null. But we know that our file had data. So that's because Spark by default doesn't deal with multi-line files. So let's go to our API reference for our DataFrame Reader API. So that would be the DataFrameReader.json and there is an option to specify a multi-line JSON file. As you can see here, multi line by default is False, so you just have to set it to True, in order to read a multi line JSON. So let's go back to our notebook here and then let's specify the multi line option. So that would be option. And then you can specify multiLine and you would keep the value as True. So let's execute that again. I missed the slash at the end and that's been executed. And let's do a display now and we should see the data. So as you can see, it's managed to read the data, even though the data is in a multi-line JSON file and everything looks good to me. So let's delete that one and let's move on with the rest of the stuff. As we said before, this is the only thing which is different, everything else is very similar to what we've done previously. So let's very quickly go through those things. So I'm going to call this one as final df and we're going to read the pitstops df. And we need to do the withColumn renamed to rename the fields. And let's also add the new column, which is our ingestion date. So as we know, we need to import the current timestamp function. So I'm going to just do that here. So we have a final DataFrame. So I'm going to write this into our Data Lake as a parquet file. So let's do what we did before. So that is final df.write and we need to specify the mode and the mode was going to be overwrite. And also we need to specify the location of the parquet file. So let's execute that. And that data is now written. So let's quickly read that data back to make sure that we can see the data and it's got the right data as well. So that'll be spark.read. parquet and then we want to specify the location of our file. So that should give us the data. Okay. As you can see, everything looks okay. We've got the ingestion date and the fields have been renamed as well and everything else looks okay. And we've got the top 1000 records here. So let's delete that statement and the display statement. That's okay. And the notebooks now tidy. So that's the end of this lesson. And I'll see you in the next one.