As reported by the Linux Foundation's 10th annual Open source Jobs report, 77% of organizations are growing their use of cloud or container technologies. The Udemy for Business Workspace Learning Trends report indicated an 842% surge just in Kubernetes, a more than double increase compared to any other I.T. operation skills in the past five years. My name is Beth, and this is the Kubernetes for the absolute beginners course. Kubernetes is the go to platform for hosting production grade applications. Currently, demand for engineers with knowledge on Kubernetes is on the rise, and it is the right time to start your Kubernetes journey. However, beginners often find it quite complex to start their Kubernetes journey, and this is mostly due to not having the right foundations or access to the right infrastructure to learn. Which is why in this course, we make sure we start with the basics and get your foundations in containers right before jumping into Kubernetes concepts. And we use illustrations combined with fun analogies to break down and simplify complex concepts. We also have demos that walk you through the basic concepts and show you how to do it yourself. But that's not all. The more fun stuff is in our hands. On labs, we have coding exercises where you will practice solving Kubernetes, coding challenges in a live Kubernetes environment, right in your browser. Yes. You don't have to have a high end system or access to cloud platforms or worry about cloud costs to gain practice. We will provide you access to actual lab environments and challenges to practice on. Our labs are unique, as in, we don't provide a blank environment and give you instructions to copy and paste. Instead, every lab is created specifically for the topic you just learned, and you're asked questions to explore and identify information in the lab or do specific tasks. And your job is to figure out how to do those tasks. So we will validate your work and give you feedback instantly in case you're stuck. We have hints and solutions to help you, and if you are still stuck, we have a thriving community and you get access to an exclusive Slack channel where you can interact with me and others and other students in the community and get your doubts cleared. We're also ACNC certified Kubernetes training partner. So you can rest assured that you are in safe hands. We are so sure you benefit from our course that we offer a 30 day money back guarantee. So there's nothing for you to lose. So jump right in and roll today, and I'll see you in class.