We've touched on data masking and anonymization a couple of times previously in this course, but it seems like it makes sense to revisit it within the security section again. It is an important concept that the exam expects you to know about. So anytime you're dealing with personally identifiable information or other sensitive data could be anything really. Masking is one way of obfuscating that data. So for example, you've probably seen, uh, on your credit card bill, they'll mask out all but the last four digits of your credit card number, just to make sure that if somebody gets a copy of that bill, they can't run off with your credit card number. Same thing where you see your Social Security number listed. Typically, you'll see everything but the last four digits masked out from that. You can also use it for masking out passwords. As you type in passwords. You'll often see it being obscured or masked with stars or whatever it is. And there is built in support for masking in both glue databrew and in redshift. An example of a masking policy is below here that would fully mask a credit card number. Create masking policy. This is in redshift by the way. Mask credit card full is the name of that policy, with credit card being the field that contains that credit card number of a type varchar 256 using and then that mask string. And we're going to say that that's going to be a text going into it. So that's just an example of creating a masking policy for a credit card number under redshift. And again, the syntax error isn't something you'll be expected to know. I don't think, but just know that you can do that. Also, anonymization is another way of doing it. So rather than masking something, you can replace that data with something that is not traceable back to where it came from. So you could just replace a credit card number or password or whatever it is with random information. You could shuffle it so that you're just shuffling everything in a given column, so that people's actual credit card numbers don't match up to the actual person. Another approach would be encryption, and that can be deterministic, where you can always get the same result from encrypting the same input, or probabilistic where you might have a different result every time you encrypt it. Hashing is another technique that we talked about before to where you just apply what's called a hash function to the string. And the thing with hashing is that you might get more than one thing that hashes to the same value, but you know, at the end that just increases the anonymization of it, right? Or even better, just delete it or don't import it in the first place. If you don't need credit card numbers or passwords for whatever you're doing. Don't take it. You know, if you see that information coming in, delete it during your ETL, or don't even try to import it to begin with. That's probably the safest way of dealing with personally identifiable information. Don't have it in the first place.