Hello, and welcome to this lecture. So far, well, we talked about what affects the network performance, and we talked about MTU. We talked about other concept like bandwidth latency and jitter. Now let's look at some of the ways in which you can achieve the maximum network throughput while you work in AWS. So at high level, if you want to optimize the network performance, you can look at three areas. Now, one is you can use cluster placement group for your EC2 instances, which definitely gives you the maximum network throughput between those instances, and we'll talk shortly about that. Other option is you can say enhancement you can do, it's not mutually exclusive all of these options, you can use all this at the same time, but these are some of the leeways that you can explore to have the maximum network throughput. Second is EBS optimized instances, and we will talk what that mean. And then most of the time in this section, we'll spend on enhanced networking and that is very crucial topic for your exam. There are a lot of concepts under enhanced networking, and you need to know well when we talk about enhanced networking and you should be able to pick right answer from the questions. So let's see, first two things, cluster placement group and EBS optimized instances and then we will have separate lectures to talk about enhanced networking. So if you already know the cluster placement group, it is a group of EC2 instances you launch together and you launch in a such a way that all these EC2 instances are physically as close as to each other. So it's a logical grouping of instances within a single availability zone, which makes sure the network latency is lower because across AZs they are at least 100 or up to 100 kilometers apart. And there is, of course latency there, but having in same availability zone, there would be a minimum latency between the instances. Now, this placement cluster groups are ideal for HPC workload, which requires very low latency network throughput between the instances. So this is something like this. You have multiple EC2 instances, and typically they're in the same AZ and also could be in the same rack, which gives the maximum network performance. So with that, you can achieve the network bandwidth up to 100 Gbps and that's essentially what the placement group is. So if the question talks about having the maximum network throughput between EC2 instances, then always choose a placement group as one of the options. Okay, next, we talked about EBS optimized instances. Now what that means, if you have any EBS attached to your EC2 instance, it is not really physically attached to your instance. You understand that? It's a virtual world and it is not a physical disk that you attach. So it more like a SAN, storage area network where your disc are attached over the network. So it's not a physical drive, but EBS is a network drive. And what that means it uses maybe a network or dedicated, or it could be a shared network to communicate to the instance and which also means there could be additional latency to access your EBS data from your EC2 instance. So remember this. Now, EBS input output may affect your network performance. Why? Understand that this EC2 has some network interfaces here, and you are communicating to this instances from maybe over the internet and same interface is also being used to do the input output operation from the EBS. Now, if that is the case, if you are doing too much input output from EBS, a lot of bandwidth will be used here and maybe here you get a lower bandwidth, or the other way round, you're using too much bandwidth here then for your EBS input output, you will get a lower bandwidth. That means this is a shared bandwidth for all kind of network here. And that is the problem for your EC2 instances. So Amazon EBS-optimized instances deliver the dedicated throughput between your EC2 and EBS. That means this network is separate. Whatever you do here does not take a bandwidth from your regular EC2 instance bandwidth limit. It is a dedicated network between EC2 and EBS, and that's where using EBS optimized instances provides you the consistent bandwidth to talk to EBS volumes over the network. So ultimately they minimizes the contention between your EBS input output and other traffic from your EC2 instances. So in short, that's EBS optimized instances, and if you look at the list on AWS pages, you will see maybe a lot of new generation instances are already EBS optimized. So if you're facing these kind of challenges, then look for EBS optimized instances, which improves your network performance. So that's it for this lecture. In next lecture, we will deep dive into enhanced networking and which is very, very critical for your exam. Thanks for watching.