Hello and welcome to this lecture, Enhanced Networking. Earlier we saw other two options by which you can increase the network throughput in AWS. The first we saw, cluster replacement group for EC2 instances, and then we saw EBS-optimized EC2 instances. Now, let's look at the more important concept, that's Enhanced Networking. And in the exam, I would expect two to three questions on this topic. So let's try to understand what does it mean by Enhanced Networking, and what are the options you have when we say you have to configure enhanced networking in AWS. So first, let's understand what is Enhanced Networking. Of course, the term says itself, it means you have to enhance the network performance between two systems. Now, these two systems are typically, we can take an example like EC2 instances, but it can also be like from AWS to on-premise network, from AWS to S3. So whenever you deal with any AWS services, we are talking about this enhanced networking, but typically, EC2 would be involved there because most of this enhanced networking is applicable for EC2 instances. Okay. So when you can process the packets, over 1 million packet per second, we can consider it as like enhanced networking. And for achieving this, you need to do something special, something extra and that's what we are going to see today. So ultimately, it reduces the instance-to-instance latencies as well as instance to maybe on-premises latencies, like that. So the concept behind the enhanced networking is something called SR-IOV with PCI passthrough. And what does that mean? I'll just talk shortly after this slide. But essentially, what it means is you remove as much obstacle when the packets moves from one system to another. When I say obstacle, it's more about the multiple hops. You have to trim down that, which means if you are using hypervisor, can you bypass the hypervisor when a packet flow from say, one system to another system? And how to do that, we will see. And there are two options for you to enable the enhanced networking for EC2 instances. There is something called, Intel Virtual Function. The name is ixgbevf. And second option is using Elastic Network Adapter. That is in short, ENA, and we'll get through more details about it shortly. So enhanced networking, meaning you can process 1 million packets per second, and ultimately, goal is to reduce the latencies between instance-to-instance and increase the bandwidth. How much data can be sent per second. So as I said, let's look at the SR-IOV and PCI for enhanced networking. So SR-IOV stand for Single Root Input/Output Virtualization and basically it's a standard that allows your single, physical NIC. NIC is Network Interface Card to present itself as a multiple virtual NICs or you can call it virtual functions. So consider a case you have physical host and then that physical host has a network interface card. Now, if virtual machine which is launched on top of physical host has to get to that card for sending and receiving the traffic, all this traffic goes through, you know, the hypervisor layer and which adds some latency, some extra processing of the packets. Now, SR-IOV and PCI, PCI is Peripheral Component Interconnect. This allows your VMs to directly access the network card. So it is like, enables direct communication between your VM and the physical NIC. Ultimately, that is this functionalities and to enable these features, there are multiple options that we are going to see now. So again, SR-IOV and PCI passthrough are methods of device virtualization that provides of course, higher input/output performance and lower CPU utilization. It allows a single physical NIC to present itself as multiple virtual NICs or you can call it virtual functions. Now, PCI passthrough enables your PCI devices, such as ENI. ENI's network interface, which you attached to your EC2 instance. It's Elastic Network Interface. ENI appears as if they're physically attached to the guest operating system. As you know, EC2 is a virtual machine, right? Ultimately, there is a physical server. So this PCI passthrough enables that communication. So ultimately in combination, this allows the lowest latency and high data transfer rate, up to like, 1 million packet per second. So that is in short is SR-IOV and PCI passthrough. Now, what you need to remember is it's not like you can take any EC2 instance and then have the SR-IOV enabled on that. There are certain prerequisites and you need to understand that because there could be some questions around that, so first, it depends on your instance type. It's not like on any EC2 machine you can enable this SR-IOV or enhanced networking. So what you can do, you can enable this enhanced networking on specific instance type. And as I said, there are two ways in which you can enable this enhanced networking. Option one, you have to have a special driver. We call it Intel 82599 virtual function driver, also it is called ixgbevf driver, and it can provide up to 10 Gbps network bandwidth. Now option two, is you can use Elastic Network Adapter, ENA, which can provide much higher bandwidth up to hundred Gbps. Now, these options are like mutually exclusive. It's not like you can use both at the same time. Depending on your instance type and the support for that instance, you can use either of these two. So the eligible EC2 instance families can support either of these two. And remember that for enhanced networking, it requires support from both EC2 operating system, that means EMI and also the instance type. And that type should be flagged for enhanced networking. Again, not every EC2 instance can be enabled with enhanced networking. You have to look at the description of the EC2 instance type as well as the machine image that you use for that EC2 instance. Both should support the enhanced networking with either of these two options, right? So that means there are certain EC2 instance, which does not support any of these two. That means you can't enable the enhanced networking for those instances. Okay, so just a quick view on which EC2 instances supports enhanced networking, and this is not a limited number of EC2 instances. There will be many more and this list will grow of course. So you don't really need to remember this, but this is just for information purpose. There are instances which supports virtual function, intel virtual function, that means they can support up to 10 Gbps network bandwidth. And then there are several instances, which supports ENA, Elastic Network Adapter, sorry. So with that, let's look at how do you check whether your EC2 instance supports Intel Virtual Functions or ENA. What you can do is you can just log into EC2 instance if it's a Linux machine and just run this command, and it will tell you what driver it is using, right? So command it, ethtool minus I, and then the network interface. So it will show the required output and then you can make that out. This won't be typically asked in the exam, but just, if you want to try that out, you can just use these commands. Now, let's understand what really happens when you use the enhanced networking. Now, this diagram shows the typical network flow, how it happens. For example, there is system A here and system B here, and system A wants to send some network packet to system B. Of course, you are sitting on a physical host. There is a guest operating system, that means from your machine, the traffic will flow to the virtualization layer. From virtualization layer, it will go to hardware physical NIC, and then this two physical NIC would exchange the data. And that's where the, again, at receiving end, again, it goes through the virtualization layer, and it reaches your virtual machine. Now, this is a typical flow and by default, EC2 would support up to 5 Gbps of the network bandwidth when you use a normal two EC2 machines. Now, what happens when you use enhanced networking? Basically this virtualization layer is taken out of the flow. That means you completely bypass virtualization layer. And by using these drivers, like our Intel Virtual Function from your VM, it appears like you are directly talking to the hardware network interface card. And that's where you can get up to 10 Gbps bandwidth between this two system. Both are enabled using the Intel ixgbevf driver. So remember, you are bypassing the virtualization layer. So as you remember, the first method is to use Intel VF, and the second method is to use ENA. So with ENA does the same thing, it bypasses the virtualization layer, but then you can get up to hundred Gbps bandwidth between EC2 machines, which are using these ENA adapters. This is because ENA has much more capacity to support that much of the network bandwidth. Now, one thing to understand that when we say hundred Gbps bandwidth between two machines, it is not the bandwidth per flow. A flow means a point-to-point connection between two machines. And it is typically a 5-tuple, which consists of source IP, destination IP, source port, destination port, and a protocol. So if you really want to use full hundred Gbps bandwidth, then you would have to use multiple search flow. That means multiple parallel connection between EC2 machines, right? A single flow can get you up to maximum of 10 Gbps bandwidth. And that too, when those EC2 machines are part of a same cluster placement group. If they're not part of the same cluster placement group, then the maximum bandwidth per flow will be 5 Gbps only. So in order to get full hundred Gbps bandwidth, you need to use thin multiple flows, right? I hope that is clear. So with that, these are just the numbers with respect to how much bandwidth you can get, and that's an aggregated bandwidth. And these numbers can go up with advanced hardware, but for exam perspective, you just need to know this concept. Like you can enable the enhanced networking with either Intel virtual functions or elastic network adapters, and their bandwidths are different of course. And as of today, you can get hundred Gbps bandwidth with ENA and 10 Gbps with Intel virtual functions. Now, there are few other mechanisms to enhance the performance of network throughput using DPDK and EFA as well, which is specially designed for HPC workloads. And we'll touch upon that in the next lecture. But for enhanced networking, you need to understand what all things are required. So ultimately, you need to have the right EC2 instance types, which supports enhanced networking. You need to have the correct operating system, which supports enhanced networking. And then you need to have either Intel virtual functions or ENA attached to your EC2 machine to leverage the enhanced networking functionality. And with respect to the overall bandwidth, how much EC2 instance can have, it also depends on EC2 instance type. So you can go to AWS page and see how much the maximum bandwidth, and particular EC2 instance can provide. It is not that you can just pick any EC2 instance and you can get up to a hundred Gbps bandwidth between these two. It also depends on the capacity of EC2 machine. So these are all the things you need to remember for enhanced networking, and then we will see more features in the next lecture. So thanks for watching.