Hello and welcome to this lecture. So in the earlier lecture we saw enhanced networking and then how to enable enhanced networking for your EC2 instances. Now in this lecture we are going to see some additional network optimization techniques. Now this hasn't been seen in the exam much, but this is something good to know because you may expect some questions sometime on this. So there are two additional techniques that we are going to see. One is depdc and another is using the EFA. Now let's see what that means. So Depdc is a Intel data plane development kit. And this is nothing but a set of libraries and drivers for fast packet processing. Now what we are now talking about is not really about while the traffic flows from one system to another system, um, via the hypervisor and then, uh, through the drivers or a Nic, what we are talking about processing those packet packet fast before sending it through the network. And that's what the Depdc does. It basically, um, increases the performance of processing the packet. Now while enhanced networking and sr-iov reduces the overhead of packet processing between instance and the hypervisor, as we just understood in the last lecture, Depdc reduces overhead of packet processing inside the operating system. That means you can process much more packets than usually you can if you use Depdc libraries in your operating system. So Depdc ultimately provides lower latency due to kernel bypass. And what does that mean we will see shortly. It gives you more control of packet processing, and it ultimately lowers your CPU overhead for processing the network packets. That's what Depdc does. So whenever the question is about enhancing the performance within the operating system, then it is more about depdc. Now this is a typical flow. When the traffic flows from your one VM to another, there is an application which is sending a packet to another machine and another application. So packet obviously flows through your kernel and then it goes through virtual function driver either through Ina or Intel virtual function. And then the network will flow and the receiving end VM will receive that packet. Now which means this packet is being also processed by your operating system. Or you can call it a kernel. Right. Now what Depdc allows you to do is to bypass this kernel altogether. If you use Depdc enabled libraries, packet can directly go from your application to directly your, uh, driver which is attached to your EC2 instance. And that's why you can process now much more packets than you would expect otherwise. So that's in short, is depdc. There is nothing much to discuss here, but just remember that it's an it's an operating system level optimization for processing a maximum number of packets per second. Um, there is one more concept that you need to know. Um, other than Depdc. As I said, there is something called EFA which is elastic fabric adapter. Now we we talked about uh, Ina in the last lecture, which is, which is a network adapter. And when you attach a network adapter to your EC2 instance, it can give you up to 100 GB s bandwidth. Uh, but elastic fabric adapter EFA is a special type of Ina with some added capabilities basically. And the limitation is it can be it can be only used with Linux machine. That means if you attach EFA to windows machine, it would very well act as a Ina only. So remember that now EFA further enhances your networking capabilities. You need to then for that understand what is MPI which is message passing interface. And what it does is basically it's a communication protocol for parallel programming. So whenever you talk about HPC workloads, you know that a same compute workload can be run into multiple machine in a distributed fashion. And in that case, MPI will allow the parallel communication between all these nodes and ultimately increasing your network throughput. So there is nothing much to discuss about the EFA at the moment, but understand that EFA is just and enhance or Ina with added capabilities, and it is applicable for Linux machine and not for the windows machine. So with that, I think this is a short um, session where we just talk about two things. First is Depdc, uh, and second is EFA, which can further enhance your network throughput or bandwidth. So thanks for watching.