So let's talk about AWS code commit now. So the concept we need to introduce is version control. It's the ability to understand the various changes that happen to code over time and possibly roll back. So to have version control, that means that you can see what happened in the past, who committed some code, what changed, what was added was removed and so on, and then roll back. And so to get version control, there is an underlying technology that's very, very popular nowadays called Git, and a Git repository can be synchronized on your computer, but it's also very usually uploaded onto a central online repository. And the benefits of having a central online repo for a git repo is that you can collaborate with other developers. So it allows, you know, organizations up to maybe hundreds of thousands developers to work on the same code at the same time, which is amazing. Make sure that also the code is backed up somewhere. So the code lives on the cloud and not on just someone's computer, make sure it's fully viewable and editable so we can see who committed to what line of code when, and we can revert them. You can roll back. You can do a lot of good things with code repositories And so with Code Commit, well, we have a code repository in AWS and our developers. For example, Emma and John can collaborate and push and pull code from our code repo So why do we want to use Code Commit? Well, Git repository can be quite expensive. And so there is like some industry, that offer, third party services, which is github,Gitlab, Bitbucket and so on, but the bill could be pretty high, but by using code commits, which is on AWS, you get a private git repository that's because your code actually lives and stays within your VPC on AWS cloud. There's no size limit on the repo. That means that you can scale to, you know, gigabytes of code, if you want it to it's fully managed is highly available. And the Code, as I said, is only in the AWS cloud. So that means there is increased security and compliance, and maybe for example, unacceptable for you to have your code elsewhere then on AWS also could commit a security. So it's encrypted, you have access control using IAM and so on, and you have integrations within code commit and industry standards for such as Jenkins or CodeBuild or other CI tools, which make it a great choice to store your code. If you want it to now Code Commit as very, very good security. So interactions are done using this standard Git command line, but then you have authentication on top of it. It could be using SSH keys. In which case, as a user, you can configure your SSH keys to be able to go into a Git repo or HTTPS. If you wanted to get access using standard login and password to get repo. for authorization, you have IAM policies are used to manage users and roles permissions to the specific repos, which is nice because that means you only have one way of managing security in AWS Encryption. So your code is ultimately going to be encrypted using KMS. And that means that no one else, but you can retrieve it. And also while you push your code to code commit, you have encryption in transit because you use HTTPS or SSH protocols, which are both secure. And then in case of cross account access, of course you would not share you as SSH keys or your credentials with someone else. Instead, you would create an IAM role in your accounts and then use STS the AssumeRoleAPI to get access to a code commit repo. So just to finish your high-level overview, because you may be very well familiar with GitHub. So CodeCommit versus Github is almost a one-to-one comparison in some ways, but so codecommit and Github support code reuse also called pull requests. There is both integration with code build and there is a authentication with SSL and HTTPS for both codecommit and Github. In terms of security. Now it's very different. So Github support to Github users and SSO if you have enterprise level, but codecommit is fully integrated with AWS. So you have IAM users and roles for hosting while your code is only on AWS for codecommit, whereas Github, you can host dates directly on GitHub itself, or if you'll get an enterprise, you can host it on your own servers. The UI for codecommit, may I say is quite minimal. Whereas I really like GitHub UI it's fully featured, but again, if you're just using it as a code repo, then maybe you want to go towards code commit for many reasons that I've just said it from before. Okay. So that's it for an overview of codecommit. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture for some practice.