So let's have a look at a few more concepts for, CodeDeploy. So when we approach an EC2 instance, we're going to have the appspec.yml at the root of your code and then deployment strategy. So we can do, for example, in place updates to your fleet of EC2 instances, and then we can use hooks. We set them in the expert Hemel to verify the deployments after each deployment phase. So here we have a half at a time. So half of them is going to be taken down, then upgraded to version two. The other half is going to be taken down. I've got your version two, and this is an in-place deployment. Now for ASG deployments of code, the deployment's a little bit more complicated. So we have two options. We have in-place deployments and blue/green. So in-place we'll be doing the exact same thing we saw before. It will update existing EC2 instances. And in case you create a new EC2 instances in your ASG automatically, it's going to get a deployment by CodeDeploy, which is very nice. So this is where it could differ with ASG is very powerful. So this is for in-place deployment, but we also have blue/green deployments. And in this case, a new auto-scaling group is going to be created and settings are going to be copied. Then we get to choose how long do you keep the old EC2 instances, you old ASG. And then the ELB, that redirects from one target group to the other, is going to fall over. So let's set an example. So this is our blue/green deployments or the ELB. We have our EC2 instances on launch template V1 within the ASG, and then CodeDeploy is going to deploy the V1 application to these EC2 instances. Now, in case we want to upgrade to version two, then new instances are going to be created. And then with launch pad V2, CodeDeploy is going to deploy the application to these EC2 instances. Then the ELB is going to receive traffic from both the V1 and V2 instances for says for a bit, then, if everything is healthy, V version one will be taken down and we will have done a blue/green deployment. Finally, around the redeploys and rollbacks. So a rollback is when, when you want to redeploy a previously deployed revision of your application, so you want to go back in time, and deployments can be rolled back in two ways: either automatically, for example, when we have a failure of the deployment or when we have a CloudWatch Alarm that is being triggered and say, Hey the deployment has failed, or manually. If we disable rollbacks, then there will be no rollbacks performed for this deployment. Okay? And when the rollback happens, what happens is that CodeDeploy actually redeploys the last known good revision as a new deployment, okay, it doesn't go back in time. It actually performs a new deployment with a last known good version that was known to do a good deployment. So it's not a restored version. It's definitely a new deployment, and this is something that exam may test you on. So that's it for this lecture, very theory, but I know, but it's going to be helpful for your exam. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.