Next, let's dive into the world of elastic MapReduce or EMR for short. It is a managed Hadoop framework that runs on EC2 instances, and it's kind of a confusing name because MapReduce itself is kind of an obsolete part of Hadoop, and it's a lot more than just a Hadoop cluster on EMR. So yeah, it does include Hadoop, and MapReduce is in there, but it's the stuff that's built on top of Hadoop that you tend to use more often, technologies like spark or HBase or Presto or Flink or Hive and even more things come pre-installed with EMR, potentially. There's also something called an EMR notebook that's much like a Jupyter notebook that runs on your EMR cluster, and it has several integration points with AWS services as well. This is relevant for the world of machine learning, because if you have a massive data set that you need to prepare and normalize or scale or otherwise treat before it goes into your algorithms. EMR provides a way of distributing the load of processing that data across an entire cluster of computers. So for massive data sets, often you need a cluster to actually process that data and prepare it for your machine learning training jobs in parallel across an entire cluster. A cluster, an EMR is a collection of EC2 instances where every EC2 instance is called a node. Each node has a role within the cluster, which is called the node type. First is the master node that manages the cluster by running software components to coordinate the distribution of data and tasks among the other nodes for processing. It tracks the status of tasks and monitors the health of the cluster. Every cluster has a master node. You can also create a single node cluster of just a master node. If you have just enough processing that runs on a single machine. The master node is also sometimes referred to as the leader node. We also have core nodes. These are nodes with software components that run tasks and store data on the Hadoop Distributed File System, or HDFS for short. On your cluster, multi node clusters will have at least one core node. And then we have task nodes. These are nodes with software components that only run tasks and do not store data on HDFS. These are optional. You don't need them, but they are good use of spot instances because you can introduce them and take them out of the cluster as needed, because they don't really impact the storage on your cluster since they don't actually talk to HDFS. The Hadoop distributed file system, there aren't any permanent files stored on the task node that your cluster needs, so they're only used for computation. So if you have a sudden task that needs to run on a massive amount of data, and you're only going to need that once, you can introduce a task node into your cluster and then remove it when you're done. And your cluster will just continually, happily run along without it after you've removed it. There are a couple of ways to use an EMR cluster. There's a transient and a long running cluster. A transient cluster is configured to be automatically terminated once all the steps that you've defined to run on it have been completed. So the steps you might run would include loading input data processing that data storing the result of the output, and then shutting down the entire cluster. So if you have a predefined sequence of things that you want your cluster to do, you can save money by automatically terminating that cluster as soon as that task has been completed. You can also have long running clusters where you create a cluster and you want to interact with the applications on it directly, and then just manually terminate it when you're done with it. So this is more appropriate for, say, ad hoc queries or experimenting with data sets where you don't really know what you want to do upfront and you don't have some repeatable sequence that you just want to run over and over again. In that case, you would want to have a long running cluster and just terminate it by hand when you're done. Now, when you launch a cluster, you select the frameworks and applications to install for your data processing needs at that time. Once you have a cluster spun up, either way you can connect to it directly to the master node through EC2 and run jobs from the terminal there. Or you can submit ordered steps via the console as well if you can predefine those through the console in AWS. Either way works. We talked about integration points between EMR and AWS. Obviously, those are important. For example, it uses EC2 of course, for the actual underlying instances that comprise the nodes on your cluster. It can work with Amazon VPC to have your cluster within a virtual network. You can store your input data and your output data on Amazon S3 instead of HDFS if you wish. You can also use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the performance of your cluster and configure alarms on the individual nodes in your cluster. IAM can be used to configure permissions to your cluster. CloudTrail will create an audit trail for the requests made to the services on your cluster. And finally, AWS data pipeline can be used to schedule and start your clusters that are running a series of steps that are predefined. Let's talk a little bit more about the storage on EMR. Now the default storage solution on Hadoop is HDFS. And this is a Hadoop system. So we do have HDFS available to you. It's a distributed scalable file system for Hadoop. It distributes the data that it stores across every instance in your cluster. And it stores multiple copies of data on different instances to ensure that no data is lost if an individual instance fails, every file in HDFS is stored as blocks and is distributed across the Hadoop cluster. By default, the size of a block in HDFS is 128MB. Now this is ephemeral storage. Once you terminate your cluster, that storage that was stored locally on those nodes goes with it. So that's the reason not to use HDFS. However it's going to be a lot faster. Right. Because we don't have to go across the internet to access that data. It's all local on the actual nodes that are doing the processing of your data. And Hadoop has a lot of smarts built into it so that it tries to optimize things such that where the code is running to process a bit of data is the same node where that data is stored. So HDFS is very good from a performance standpoint. But it has the downside that when you shut down your cluster that data goes away. That's not a good thing. However we have EMR, ZFS which allows you to use S3 as though it were an HDFS file system, and it turns out it's still pretty darn fast. There's also an optional consistent view in EMR, ZFS that's for S3 consistency, and you can actually use DynamoDB to track that consistency across the EMR. FS so a key thing with EMR is that you can use S3 in place of HDFS. That's the key point there. You can also of course use the local file system if you want to as well for ephemeral things. But again that's not going to be distributed. So that is only useful for example on the master node where you're trying to basically stage data and get it where it needs to be. We can also back HDFS with elastic block store. So EBS and HDFS have a relationship their. EMR charges by the hour plus any EC2 charges under the hood. It does promise that it will provision new nodes for you automatically if a core node fails. So you don't have to worry about that at least. And you can add and remove task nodes on the fly as well. Like we talked about, you can use spot instances to add additional capacity or remove capacity without impacting the underlying storage. On the HDFS file system. You can also resize the core nodes on a running cluster as well. You can get away with that for capacity planning to.