So what is Hadoop anyway? Well, it consists of a few different modules here that we'll talk about. And the rest of the stuff on your EMR cluster often builds on top of these modules as well. So when we talk about Hadoop itself, we're usually talking about the HDFS file system Yarn and MapReduce. And underlying all of these is something called Hadoop core or Hadoop common. That would be the libraries and utilities required for all of these modules to run on top of. So it provides the file system and operating level system stuff that it needs to extract itself from the OS, and all the Java archive files and scripts that are needed to start up Hadoop itself. At the lowest level above that would be HDFS. That is the Hadoop Distributed File System, a distributed, scalable file system for Hadoop. Again, it distributes the data it stores across the instances in the cluster. Multiple copies of the data are stored on different instances to ensure that no data is lost. If an individual instance fails, it is lost upon the termination of the cluster, however, but it's useful for caching intermediate results during MapReduce processing or for workloads that have significant random IO. On top of HDFS, we have Hadoop Yarn. Yarn stands for yet another resource Negotiator. It's a component introduced in Hadoop 2.0 to centrally manage cluster resources from multiple data processing frameworks. That enables us to use things other than MapReduce, as we'll see shortly. So what is MapReduce? Well, MapReduce is a software framework for easily writing applications that process vast amounts of data in parallel on large clusters of commodity hardware in a reliable, fault tolerant manner. It dates back to some ideas from Google in its early days of big data processing. MapReduce consists of mapper functions and reduce functions that you write in code. A map function maps data to sets of key value pairs, called the intermediate results, and map functions generally do things like transform your data or reformat it, or extract the data that you need. That's why it's relevant to the world of exploratory data analysis. Then we have reduced functions that combine those intermediate results and applies additional algorithms and produces the final output. So generally, the mappers are the things that are transforming your data and preparing it. The reducers are aggregating that data and distilling it down to a final answer that you want. However, these days, Apache Spark has largely taken the place of MapReduce and thanks to the existence of yarn, spark can actually sit on top of your Hadoop cluster and use the underlying resource negotiator and file system that Hadoop offers, but just offer a faster alternative to MapReduce. So spark, which can be optionally installed on your EMR cluster, is an open source distributed processing system commonly used for big data workloads. It's really the hotness right now instead of MapReduce. It utilizes in-memory caching, optimized query execution for fast analytic queries against data of any size. So it uses something called a directed acyclic graph. That's kind of its main trick for its speed. Compared to MapReduce, it can be more smart about the dependencies and processing and how to schedule those more effectively. Spark has APIs for Java, Scala, Python, and R, and it supports code reuse across multiple workloads like batch processing and interactive queries, and real time analytics and machine learning and graph processing. It has a bunch of different use cases that we'll talk about stream processing, machine learning, interactive SQL. However, spark is generally not used for OLTP or batch processing jobs. It's a more for transforming data as it comes in. How spark works under the hood. Well, spark applications are run as an independent set of processes on a cluster. They're all coordinated by the spark context object of the main program. This is known as the driver program. That's the actual code that you write to make your spark job run. The spark context connects to different cluster managers which allocate the resources across the applications. So for example, Yarn or spark has its own built in one. You can use as well if you're not on a Hadoop cluster. Upon connecting, spark will acquire executors on nodes in the cluster. The executors are processes that run computations and store data for your applications. The application code is sent to the executors, and in the final step, the spark context will send tasks to the executors to run. Ether spark itself has many different components, just like Hadoop does. So underlying everything is spark core. It acts as the foundation for the platform. It's responsible for things like memory management and fault recovery, and scheduling and distributing and monitoring your jobs and interacting with storage systems. It has APIs for Java, Scala, Python, and R, and at the lowest level it uses something called a resilient distributed data set, or an RDD that represents a logical collection of data partitioned across different compute nodes. Now, as we'll see, there's a layer above that with spark SQL that is a distributed query engine that provides low latency, interactive queries up to 100 times faster than MapReduce. It includes a cost based optimizer. Columnar storage and code generation for fast queries, and it supports various data sources coming from JDBC, ODBC, JSON, HDFS, hive, ORC, or parquet files. It also supports querying hive tables using hive QL if you want. But the really important thing about spark SQL is that it exposes something called a data frame in Python or a data set in Scala. And this is sort of taking the place of the lower level resilient distributed data sets. In spark these days. So modern spark code tends to interact with data in much the same way as you would with a data frame in pandas or a database table in a relational database, you can actually issue SQL commands to your spark cluster, and under the hood it will figure out how to actually transform that into a distributed query that executes across your entire cluster. So very useful stuff. Also, we have Spark Streaming. That's a real time solution that leverages Spark Core's fast scheduling capabilities to do streaming Analytics. So data gets ingested in mini batches and analytics on that data within the same application. Code written for batch analytics can be applied to those mini batches. So it's pretty cool because you can use the same code that you wrote for batch processing and apply that to your real time streaming. With Spark Streaming, it supports ingestion from Twitter, Kafka, flume, HDFS, and Zeromq. As as we'll see, it can also integrate with AWS Kinesis. We also have Mllib, the machine learning library for spark. Obviously that's relevant to the machine learning exam. We'll talk about that in more depth of course, and what it can do. And finally we have graphics, which is a distributed graph processing framework built on top of spark. We're not talking about charts and graphs like QuickSight here. We're talking about computer science graphs here. So, you know, for example, a graph of people in a social network. It's more of a data structures thing. It provides ETL and exploratory analysis and iterative graph computation to enable users to interactively build and transform a graph data structure at scale. So let's talk about Mllib a little bit more. It offers several different machine learning algorithms, but what's special is that they're all implemented in a way that is distributed and scalable. So not all machine learning algorithms really lend themselves well to parallel processing. A lot of them sort of need to be reimagined in order to spread that load out across an entire cluster of computers. So with spark Mllib, it has a specific set of things that it can do for classification tasks. It offers logistic regression, which is, you know, still a great alternative, and Naive Bayes. It can also do regression across a cluster, a decision trees. It has a recommender engine built in built on alternating least squares. It has a clustering K-means implementation built in for topic modeling. It has LDA. If you want to extract topics from a text information from documents in an unsupervised manner, and it has various workflow utilities that are useful for machine learning in general, such as pipelines and feature transformation and persistence. It also has distributed implementations of the SVD. PCA and statistics functions as well. We'll talk about more about what those mean later in the course, if those are new to you in the modeling section. But again, the special thing here is that this can run on a cluster. A lot of these algorithms will not run on a cluster in their default state. If you were to run them on, say, scikit learn, for example. So with spark Mllib that allows you to process massive data sets and actually train machine learning models on them across an entire cluster. And as we'll see later in the course, you can even include spark within SageMaker as well. Spark streaming deserves a little bit more discussion as well. Generally, spark applications use a data set in their code that refer to your data, which is treated a lot like a database table. With spark streaming, that table just keeps on growing as new chunks of data are received in real time. And you can query that data using windows of time. So, for example, you could look at the past hour of data in your data stream coming in and just query that like a database basically. So that's at a high level how structured streaming works in spark. IT models inbound streaming data as basically an unbounded database table that you can query whenever you want to. And Spark Streaming does integrate with Kinesis. You could have a Kinesis producer publishing data to a Kinesis data stream, and there is a way in the kql to actually implement a spark data set built on top of that data stream that you can just query like any other spark data set. Another key point in Spark is Zeppelin. That's basically a notebook for Zeppelin. It allows you to run spark code interactively within a notebook environment in a browser, so you can execute SQL queries against your spark data using spark SQL. You can also query your results and visualize them as well, and charts and graphs using things like matplotlib and seaborn. So it makes spark feel a lot more like a data science tool, and allows you to actually pre-process your data in a familiar format that data scientists are used to.