So in this lab, we're going to practice preparing data at scale on Apache Spark on a cluster. And we're going to do it in the context of preparing data for a TF IDF algorithm. And you might not know what tf IDF is. So let's start by covering that. TF IDF stands for term frequency and inverse document frequency. Basically it's used in search algorithms. For the most part, it's a good way to figure out how relevant a given term is for a given document. So if you can compute the tf IDF score for every term in a corpus of documents, you can use that to figure out which documents are most relevant to that search term. It sounds fancy, but it's actually a lot simpler than it sounds. Term frequency or TF just measures how often a word occurs within a document. So that's it. Term frequency is just like what it sounds. A word that occurs very frequently within a given document is probably pretty important to that document's meaning. For example, a document that contains the word or phrase machine learning a lot is probably about machine learning Document frequency is just how often that word occurs across the entire set of documents. So, for example, maybe you're looking across all of Wikipedia or every web page that's being indexed by a search engine. The document frequency would tell you how common that word is across all documents, and that tends to tell you about common words like a and the and, and and words that are common in every document but that aren't really relevant to a specific document. They're just common words. So by taking these two things together, the term frequency, inverse document frequency, you can figure out just how important a given term is to a given document. So you can measure that relevancy by just taking the term frequency and dividing it by the document frequency. Now it turns out that division is the same thing as multiplying by the inverse mathematically. And that's why we call this TF-IDF. It's the same thing mathematically as term frequency. Inverse document frequency. We just take how often the word appears in a document and divide that by how often it appears just everywhere. That will give you a measure of just how special that word is for that. Given document. Now, in practice, there are some nuances to how we actually use this. For example, we use the actual log of the inverse document frequency instead of the raw value. That's because word frequencies in reality tend to be distributed exponentially. So by taking a log, we end up with a slightly better weighting of the words given their overall popularity. And there are some general limitations to tfidf one is that we just treat everything as a bag of words. Every document is just a collection of words, and we don't really pay attention to the relationships between the words so much. Obviously, that's not always the case, and it turns out that parsing out those words is a good part of the work, as we'll soon see also. What do you do about things like synonyms and tenses of words and abbreviations and misspellings? We'll see in our example here that we'll at least deal with capitalization by making everything lowercase. But there are more complicated things you could do to try to make this work better. Also, doing this at scale becomes challenging. Mapping all of these terms and documents together into numbers that tie together is kind of hard to do. And that's where Apache Spark is going to come in to help. We talked a little bit about the bag of words approach. One way around that limitation is to look at not just unigrams or individual words in a document, but also things like bigrams or more generally, n-grams. So look at words that occur together. For example, if I had a document that just contained the phrase I love certification exams, I could just look at the unigrams and consider the terms to be the individual words. I love certification and exams, but I could also look at bigrams and consider those terms as well. That would be every grouping of two words that appears together. So for example, the bigrams in this sentence are I love love. Certification and certification exams. That is, every unique combination of two words that appear in that document. I could go further to trigrams and those would be I love certification and love certification exams. I bring this up because one of the sample questions that AWS provides you for the certification exam gets into the guts of all this. So here's an example of what a tfidf matrix might look like. That's considering both unigrams and bigrams. Let's imagine that we have two documents in our entire corpus here. One document only contains the sentence I love certification exams and the other document just contains the sentence I love puppies. This is what that matrix might look like when we're actually computing TF-IDF for every individual term, across every individual document. The documents appear on the rows of the matrix, and each individual term appears on the columns. So since we're looking at both unigrams and bigrams, we start by taking each individual unique word that appears in this in this corpus as individual terms. So that consists of the words I love certification exams and puppies. Since the words I and love appear in both documents, those aren't counted twice. Those are deduplicated there. We only consider those once in the matrix, so a term can only appear once in a given column. And then we're looking at bigrams as well. And the unique bigrams across this entire document set are I love love. Certification love puppies and certification exams. Again, the bigram I love is shared among these two documents, so they will appear more than once. And the job of TF-IDF would be to flesh out this matrix and actually compute the TF-IDF values for each document for each individual term, and again, those terms can be unigrams or bigrams in this example. In this particular example, the dimensions of this matrix are two by nine. We have two rows corresponding to two documents, and nine columns corresponding to nine unique terms, which consists of both the unigrams and bigrams that are uniquely represented within this document set. So how do you use TF-IDF? Well, you could make a very simple search algorithm using nothing but it. So you could just go through and compute TF-IDF ahead of time for every term in a corpus of data. And then for a given search term, sort the documents by their TF-IDF score for that term, then just display the results and you're done. So let's actually try that out. We're actually going to try to apply TF-IDF on a subset of the Wikipedia data set. And we're going to build our own little search engine using TF-IDF on Wikipedia. And to make it interesting, we're going to do it on AWS using elastic MapReduce and Apache Spark. And our primary goal here is to show you how to preprocess that data ahead of time, because, well, that's what this section is really about.