Let's talk about Amazon SageMaker for a while here. SageMaker is basically Amazon's service for machine learning, and while it can do generative AI, there are other services that are more specifically built for generative AI that we'll get into as well. But SageMaker goes back to before generative AI was really a thing. And it's more generally for machine learning algorithms that might include deep learning or generative AI. But it's it's more broad than that. It can do traditional deep learning as well, and it's built to handle the entire workflow surrounding machine learning. It's not just about the algorithms and the training. It's also about fetching, cleaning and preparing your data and then training and evaluating the model as well. And once you have a model that's trained and evaluated, you can deploy that model and evaluate its results in production. So it covers the entire machine learning lifecycle that we talked about through various features of SageMaker. Diving into the training and deployment stage here. So this is what it would look like to actually train and deploy a model under SageMaker conceptually. So outside you have a client application that wants to get predictions from some machine learning model that you've built using SageMaker that will talk to an endpoint, which could be many endpoints. Right? If you're going to be distributing this thing and scaling it out, those endpoints will then communicate with your model, which has been deployed and hosted somewhere. That model will make use of artifacts that hosted in S3, and also the actual model code for doing inference that is stored possibly in ECR in Elastic Container Registry. Now, before you have that model, I'm kind of working backwards here. Um, you have to train that model first to that tool will consume an image of code for training and also consume training data from S3 that's been prepared beforehand. The output of that model training is then the model artifact that goes to the model deployment and hosting stage. So we've kind of gone from the top down. Let's go from the bottom up here to if you're training a model, then you need training code somewhere that's hosted in ECR that needs to consume training data from S3. Once that model is trained, it will produce model artifacts that are again stored in S3. That model gets deployed using inference code that is hosted from ECR, that is fronted by endpoints for inference that your client app ultimately talks to Arthur. Now, there's a few ways of setting all this up. One way is by using code, and if you want to write Python code, then you can do so to orchestrate all of this and control all of the data processing and training and deployment right from a SageMaker notebook. This is just a old school Jupyter notebook here, but with SageMaker those are spun up on EC2 instances for you from the console. It comes with built in access to S3 for you, and it also includes some handy dandy libraries like scikit learn, spark or TensorFlow or PySpark, whatever you want to use. It also comes with a wide variety of built in models that will will dive into very shortly. And from this notebook you can write code pretty easily. That will spin up training instances using whatever instance types you need. Kick off that training, and once that model is trained and evaluated and tuned, you can deploy that model to actually make predictions at scale. So you can orchestrate the entire life cycle here from within a little SageMaker notebook using Python code and a Python notebook that includes processing your data, training your model, tuning your model, and deploying your model. You can also do that from the console, so if you don't like writing code, much of this can be done just from the UI in the SageMaker console. So it's possible to set up training jobs where you're just saying, hey, I want to use one of these many built in algorithms for my training. I'm going to point it to this source of training data and do pretty much all of it from the console itself. So you don't have to write Python code to use SageMaker and build machine learning models that can then predictions in production. It's also possible to do this through the console as well.