So now let's talk about Amazon Mechanical Turk. So this is the original Mechanical Turk in the 1770 year. This was created by an inventor, and this was an actual robot that was playing chess in front of people, but it was an illusion, of course, because there were no robots in that time. And that robot was cleverly operated by someone inside that was playing chess. And with some mapping, the robot was moving. But thanks to an illusion, no one could see that there was an operator inside. So this is the thing that the service got named after. And the idea is that Amazon Mechanical Turk is a crowdsourcing marketplace to perform simple human tasks. So the idea is that you have access to a distributed virtual workforce. So you give tasks to it, and behind the scenes, humans are going to do these tasks, but these tasks can be very simple and very cheap. For example, say you have a data set of 10 million images and you want to label these images, then you're going to create a task on Mechanical Turk and actual humans, all around the world, will go ahead and tag those images, and you can set a reward per image. For example, if you set 10 cents per image, then tagging all these images will cost you a million dollars. But of course, it's up to you to set the pricing and so on. But the idea is that you have access to a very, very big workforce that is really eager to work on these kind of tasks. So the use cases for Amazon Mechanical Turk is image classification, data collection, business processing, anything that is going to be simple and easily and can easily be distributed to many, many people at a time. So why do we want a Amazon Mechanical Turk from an AI perspective? Well, of course, to label your images, to review recommendations, and so on, it can be very, very helpful. So there is deep integration between Amazon Mechanical Turk and Amazon A2I, or a SageMaker Ground Truth and so on. So here's an example of what a worker looks like when they go on Amazon Mechanical Turk. So here, as you can see, they see a lot of different jobs that they can do. The reward for each job that they have to do, for example, filling an Excel spreadsheet and so on. Then they can accept the work and work on it. So, if you set the right reward, and the job is fast enough, then you will get a lot of people working on your job very quickly. So that's it for Amazon Mechanical Turk. It's a service that allows you to access many humans at a time. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.