So let's just explore glue Databrew here a little bit. Again, I'll give you a little quick tour of the UI, just to make it a little bit more intuitive as to what it's all about. So I'm at the glue Databrew console page here, and let's create a sample project just using some of the sample data they provide. Uh, let's explore popular baby names in 2020, and we'll create a new project in Databrew. For that we need to give it a IAM role for security purposes. Let's use this one that I created already. And it's going to go out and provision some computing resources for performing this interactive section of Databrew on this data set. Um, as you recall from the pricing, it's a $1 per interactive session. And then we if you want to actually run this as an ongoing job, then that's billed by the resources that you use. But for now it's going to spin up some computing resources pretty quickly. It's going to initiate my databrew session any minute now. This actually does happen pretty quick It's not like spinning up an EC2 node or anything like that. And here we go. It's preparing a data frame from that sample data, loading it in from S3. And we're ready to rock and roll here. So you can see that we have this data frame view of that sample data here where we have how many times each baby name appeared, the gender, some ID associated with it, the actual name itself, and a year field, which is 1880. I thought this was a 2020 data set, but I'm not going to get into that now. Anyway, the idea here is that you can apply these recipes and build them up, that transform this data in any way that you want to, and you can run this interactively and download the results. Or you can create a job that allows you to run it repeatedly and even run that on a schedule. So, for example, let's say that I only want to get baby names that start with the letter L for some reason. Just as a really simple example, let's create a new recipe here. So we have this. We can add a step to our recipe. And here's the menu of all those different transformations that you can perform 250 plus of them. There are column actions. You can rename columns or change their types, or move them around, or duplicate them or delete them. You can filter things, which we're going to do. You can change the formatting of text fields. There's data cleaning operations here that are built in. So if you want to remove special characters or remove numbers, whatever you want to do, if you need to prep that in in ahead of further processing, you can do that very easily with the clean filters. We can also extract information between delimiters. So if you had a field that had delimited data and you just wanted to extract data between those delimiters, that's easy to do. You could just specify what the delimiters are and where you want to put that column. Right. Very easy way of doing that. Also, you can, uh, impute missing values automatically. That's kind of a cool feature. So what do you want to do if data is missing? Do you want to just fill it with null or empty values? Do you want to delete the row entirely? Or maybe you just want to fill it with the most frequent value as a placeholder? Sometimes that's the right thing to do. Very easy to do in databrew. Uh, what else can we do? Uh, invalid values. You can deal with that. You can deal with duplicate values however you want to. You can split columns, merge them together, create new ones based on some sort of a function. Unnest pivot GroupBy join union. Now we're getting into sort of SQL style operations, right? So pretty much anything you could do from a database you can do in Databrew. We can scale numeric values. That can come in real handy if you're preparing data for deep learning, right? A lot of times you need to normalize that data before you feed it into a neural network. And these scaling operations make that really easy to do. What else we got? Aggregates text functions. These are all basically SQL functions available to you. And this kind of fleshes out a lot of those 250 options there. But you can see pretty much any transformation you might want to do is in here. So that's really neat. It allows you a very scalable and powerful engine for transforming and pre-processing data that usually doesn't involve writing any code. So pretty cool. So let's say we want to filter data to just get baby names to start the letter L. So I'll say filter by condition. And we'll select the name column and we'll say it must start with L, and I can actually preview that with the preview button here. And you can see that only the baby names that start with L have been preserved. Pretty cool. I can then apply that to the entire data set. And now we have a data set of baby names that start with the letter L. Pretty cool. You'll see there's shortcuts to a lot of these up here in this dashboard. And what can I do. Let's go to actions. So I can actually download that filter data as a CSV file, which is neat. Or I can create a new job out of it if I want to run it repeatedly. So it'll take me down to the jobs tab here. I can create a job name for it. Uh, baby names, l whatever you want to call it. And we can set the output settings here. So the file types that you can output right now are kind of limited, but it can be CSV glue, parquet, parquet, Avro, ORC, XML or JSON. Those are the current output choices into the S3 bucket of your choice and the compression of your choice. Snappy gzip, bzip2, or deflate and brotli. Those are the two new ones. Whatever delimiter you want. Comma separated. Colon separated. Tab separated. Anything you can imagine here that you might want. And yeah, once you have this you can actually run that job uh, as a on demand thing. Or you can create a schedule for it. If you go back to the Databrew console here and go to jobs, you can click on the schedules tab. And here's where you would actually create a schedule to run a job repeatedly on some sort of a cron style schedule. So you can do that too. Again, going back to the main pricing tab here. Currently those interactive sessions are just $1 per session, but if you want to make a job and run it repeatedly, it's charged at $0.48 per node hour for that processing cost. And if you want to calculate that, there's a handy dandy cost calculator. So that's databrew in a nutshell. As you can see, its whole purpose of existence is to provide you a very easy way to pre-process data at a very scalable way and a very quick way without writing any code. And it's relatively new feature and possibly an alternative to using glue ETL for you.