Something the exam guide calls out is handling personally identifiable information in your Databrew transformation. So let's have a little bit of a diversion into that world. We talked about some of these techniques earlier in the course, but just to reinforce it and how it relates to Databrew one way of dealing with PII is with substitution. So I could just replace that with some sort of random numbers. Right. And substitute that information with something that is not personally identifiable. I could shuffle it. I could take all of the PII values in my rows and shuffle them all together so that Person A's credit card number might be associated with person B instead with credit card numbers, though probably not a good idea to have raw credit card numbers floating around at all. Deterministic encryption is one way of encrypting that personally identifiable information in such a way that a given value always results in the same encrypted value. It's deterministic. That way you can also have probabilistic encryption, and that's a system where there might be more than one result from an encryption of a given field. You can also decrypt something that was encrypted using a decrypt command, and there's probably no better way of dealing with PII than not having it in the first place. If you want to null it out or just delete it. The delete transformation can be used to just drop that information entirely. You can also mask out personally identifiable information. So a lot of times you'll see only the last four digits of a credit card or a social security number being displayed where the rest of it is masked out or scrambled in some way. Masking is a way to do that. And finally, there's hashing, where you apply some sort of a hash function to the value in a cryptographic fashion. Hashing is a little bit different, though, in that multiple values can hash to the same result. So sometimes that's okay, you know, but it does provide some anonymity to what you're doing as well. So some techniques for handling personally identifiable information in databrew. Transformations. And these are the specific names of those transformations that are associated with each technique.