So speaking of glue, let's talk about how Athena integrates with AWS glue to actually impart structure on your unstructured data in S3 so that it can actually query it like a database. So again, let's do a little brief recap on how glue works. You might have a glue crawler populating the glue data catalog for your S3 data. That's looking at what's stored in S3, and trying to extract columns and table definitions out of it for you. And you can use the glue console to refine that definition as needed. So once you have a glue data catalog published for your S3 data, Athena will see it automatically and it can build a table from it automatically as well. So anytime Athena sees something in your glue data catalog in your account, it's going to make a table for that for you so you can query it just like you would any other SQL database. And it's not just Athena that can use that glue data catalog either. It will allow any other analytics tool to visualize or analyze that data as well. For example, RDS, redshift, redshift spectrum, EMR, any application that's compatible with an Apache Hive metastore as well. Because remember the glue data catalog can be used as a hive metastore too. But in this example we're using it to expose that table definition to Amazon Athena. And with Athena integrated with AWS Glue Data Catalog that allows you to create a unified metadata repository across various services. Crawl data to discover schemas, populate your catalog with new and modified table and partition definitions, and maintain schema versioning all under the hood. And Athena just sits on top of that and provides a SQL interface to that underlying glue structure. Another feature of Athena is work groups, and you definitely need to know what these are all about. Basically, it's a way. It's what it sounds like. You can organize users and teams or even applications and workloads into different work groups and group them together. And you can use this to control the query access of a given work group or to track costs by a given work group. So maybe you have a specific team of people that should only have access to specific types of queries, or limits on the queries that they can run. Right. And you want to track their costs individually to figure out what kind of bill they're running up for the organization. Work groups are integrated with IAM, CloudWatch, and SNS, so you can do things like have it notify you when limits are hit. And the way you use this is you can have your own data limits on each work group, so you can limit how much data queries can scan by work group. So if you want to make sure that somebody in a given team isn't going to construct some wildly inefficient query that has this huge bill that results, you can limit that at the work group level. Each work group also has its own individual query history. So, you know, if you want to make sure that a specific team of people isn't seeing the queries that another team makes, you can break them up into work groups to make sure that each work group only sees its own query history. Work groups, of course, can also have their own IAM policies, because that's how you're going to manage their permissions and what they can see. And you can also have your own encryption settings on each work group as well. So it's a good way of organizing many people in an organization and limiting what they can do and giving them specific access permissions by using work groups and Athena. So just remember, Athena work groups are a thing. You can use them to limit the access of a given group of people, or to measure the costs that they're doing, and to have limits on the amount of data that their queries can actually scan. The cost model is very simple because it is a serverless application. You just pay as you go for the activity that you actually consume. It charges you $5 currently per terabyte scan, which is pretty generous. Important to remember that successful or canceled queries do count toward that scanned number there. You do get charged for those, but any failed queries are not charged, so any successful or canceled queries you will be billed for. Failed queries, however, are free. There's also no charge for any DDL operations such as create, alter or drop. Those are free as well. Now a very important point is that if you want to save money using Athena, it can save you a lot of money by converting your data to a columnar format like we talked about with ORC and parquet. So not only does that give you better performance for applications that are typically querying on a small number of columns, it can also save you 30 to 90% in terms of money as well. That's because it allows Athena to selectively read only the required columns when doing a query and processing your data. So if you're only accessing certain columns from your queries by having a columnar format, you're reducing the amount of data that you actually have to scan with Athena. And remember, you are charged by terabyte scan. So by reducing that scanning you win. So remember Athena works best with column Reformats it can save you a lot of money and give you better performance as well. Examples of columnar formats include orc and parquet. All right. And in addition to Athena, of course, glue and S3 have their own charges as well. Athena just sits on top of glue to get the table definition for your S3 data, and your data is still being stored in S3. So there are separate charges for glue and S3 in addition to using Athena as well. Also, I should point out that partitioning your data can also help Athena to reduce costs as well. So if you do have your data structured in S3 in different partitions such as by date or hour or something, queries that are restricted to that given partition will also scan less data as well. So in addition to using a columnar format, partitioning your data within S3 can also save you money with Athena as well. Let's talk about security two. That's always important with Athena. It offers many different ways of securing your Athena traffic. One is through access control, who can actually get to Athena and query your your information in the first place. And you can use IAM access control lists and S3 bucket policies to restrict access to that information. The IAM policies that are relevant here are the Amazon Athena Full Access and AWS QuickSight Athena Access policies. You can also encrypt your results if you are sensitive about the results of your queries, and you can encrypt them at rest in a staging directory in S3, and that can be encrypted in several different ways. You can. Again, these are important to remember guys, so you can encrypt your S3 data results in server side encryption using an S3 managed key that is called ssh S3. You can also do server side encryption of your results using a KMS key that's called ssh kms. Or you can encrypt them on the client side with a KMS key as well. That's called csc kms. And depending on your security requirements, one or more of these may make sense. So think about how that data is flowing, where it's being stored and how you want it to be secured. You can also have cross-account access defined in S3 bucket policy. So it is possible for you to access Athena to a S3 bucket that is not owned by your account. If that other S3 bucket has a policy that grants access to your account, it's possible for an Athena console in one account to access a data lake stored in another account. You can set that up as far as In-transit security goes. You can use TLS, the transport layer security for all the traffic going between Athena and S3 as well. That can be set up to for In-transit security with Athena. Always important to remember security aspects guys. It's a huge part of the exam. Finally, let's talk about Anti-patterns. Again, these come straight out of the AWS Big Data whitepaper of things they don't want you to use. Athena for one, is for highly formatted reports or for visualization at the end of the day. Athena is just a SQL query engine. If you want to do nicely formatted stuff for visualizing things with charts and graphs, well, that's what QuickSight is for and we'll be getting to that shortly. Also, if you want to be doing ETL, extract, transform and load operations using Athena, that's generally not the best tool to use. Glue is an alternative there and using glue ETL instead. You can also do that with Apache Spark or what have you for larger scale tasks. So that's Athena in a nutshell. Let's go and play with it, shall we?