Let's talk about the Create table as select statement or CTAs for short. You will probably see this in the context of Amazon Athena, although this is also a thing in other databases as well. The syntax might be a little bit different, though very similar in spirit to a materialized view in redshift. It creates a new table from query results. So you can do any Select statement you can imagine, and create a new table from the result of that query. And maybe you can use that to create a new table that's a subset of another table. So I can say hey I'm going to go do a select from this old table for some subset of what's in that table, and create a new table based on that query result. However, it's also a neat little trick for converting data into a new underlying format, and this is especially interesting remembering that Athena can sit on top of a data lake in S3, so you could use this as a way to convert data in S3 to a totally different format that might be more performant for Athena, right? So, for example, let's take a look at these two examples down below. Here, the one on the left we're saying create table new table with format equals parquet right. Compression equals snappy as select star from old table. So what's going on here. We're going to select everything from old table. And we're just going to rewrite it into a table called new Table. But along the way we're going to change it to parquet which is a columnar format that's going to be better optimized for doing queries in Athena, and also with snappy compression to further optimize it as well. So this is a little easy way to very quickly compress or change the format of your raw data in S3 and changing it to something that works much more efficiently with Athena. Another example on the right here, where same spirit. Here we're selecting everything from old table and putting it into a new table called my ORC task table. In this case, not only are we changing the format to ORC along the way, we're also specifying a new external location. So I'm saying, okay, not only do I want to change the format for this table, I'm going to explicitly store it within this S3 path. Within that my Athena results bucket. Right? So that's kind of an interesting trick because not only are we changing how it's exposed to Athena itself, we are also changing and storing the underlying raw data into this other table in S3. So that might be a quick and dirty way of doing data transformations or transforming the actual format of the underlying data, the raw data, into something else, just using Athena. And then I can go to that S3 bucket and pick it up there if I want to. So create table as select. Very handy trick for converting data into something more performant, and maybe even putting it off somewhere where you can get it later. Don't forget that.