A new feature in Athena is Acid transaction support. That means that we have strict guarantees about transactions, so you can actually have concurrent users hitting the same row at the same time and have it all work consistently. Under the hood is powered by Apache Iceberg, and to use it, all you need to do is add table type equals iceberg. When you're creating a new table in Athena using the create table command. And this allows you, like I said, to have concurrent users safely making row level modifications or deletions, whatever it is, without worrying about them stomping on each other. This is actually compatible with elastic, MapReduce, Apache Spark, and anything that supports the Apache Iceberg table format. The good thing is that it removes any need for custom record locking, so without acid support, you would need to have some sort of a solution for locking a record and unlocking it, surrounding any modifications to it, so that if two people were hitting the same record at the same time and trying to write to it, they wouldn't be fighting with each other. Iceberg and acid transactions just does that for you automatically now. Also, a little side benefit is that it gives you what's called time travel operations. So you actually have the ability to recover data that was recently deleted just using a plain old Select statement. So some of the historical data that's keeping around for the purpose of asset transactions can be used for that purpose. Now remember when we talked about governed tables in lake formation. Well this is kind of another way of doing the same thing. So governed tables gave us acid support on S3 tables in lake formation. But this is another way of getting acid features with Athena. So you could set up a governed table in lake formation and then hit that table with Athena and you would have acid support. This is just another way of doing it. So you can just create a table explicitly from Athena directly with a table type of iceberg, and you'll get an acid support on that as well. So kind of two different ways of solving the same problem there. Now you might also remember that in lake formation with governed tables It had a feature to automatically compact those tables over time, because over time there's sort of this overhead that builds up and it can actually make your performance degrade as time goes on. Now, with Athena acid, at least for now, you do need to do that yourself periodically. So if you are using Acid transactions in Athena, you'll probably want to do a command like this once in a while. Optimize table rewrite data using bin pack where catalog equals whatever. So a command like that will go back and compact your data. That's sort of been bloated by this acid support over time and make it performant again. So that's the kind of thing I could see showing up on the exam that that kind of trivia. What do you do if you're acid? Transactions are getting slower over time? Well, the answer would be to periodically compact them using the bin pack command here that you're seeing. That's Athena acid in a nutshell, an exciting new feature in 2022, as more and more of the AWS data analytics world goes to Acid support.