Okay, this is super important for the exam to know how CloudWatch is linked to EC2. Super, super important. So let's go ahead and see this. AWS provides some metric for your EC2 instances and AWS will push these metrics for you. You have some basic monitoring, such as the metrics will be collected at five minutes interval, but you can enable detailed monitoring, in which case these metrics will be collected at a one minute interval. And these metrics include CPU, network, disc and status check metric. Remember these four, they're very, very important. Then you're able to use custom metrics and custom metrics, by definition, they're yours to push, they're custom. So the basic resolution of your custom metric is one minute, but you can go into a high resolution custom metric, which is all the way to one second. And the custom metrics for EC2 you may want to push, well, that includes RAM or application level metrics, for example. If you do do that then too you have to make sure that your EC2 instance does have an IAM role that allows it to push metrics to CloudWatch. So all the metrics included for EC2, you need to know them. So the first metric you need to know is CPU. We will get the CPU utilization as a metric and also in case we have T2 or T3 instances that do burst, then we can get the credit usage for the burst and the credit balance. For the network, we're able to figure out how much network is going in our instance and out of our instance. For the status check, it's basically checking whether or not our instance is healthy. We get an instant status, which is Amazon checking if the EC2 VM is working or a system status, which is Amazon checking if the underlying hardware is working. So these are very important ones. These are Amazon health checks, so you don't have any controls over that, but it basically gives you an idea and you need to be able to differentiate between your instant status and your system status. The last status check is an attached EBS status, which is going to check the state of any attached EBS volumes. Finally, only for instance stores, instance store backed EC2 instances, we get disc information. We'll get the read and write operations or bytes for our instant store. And finally, RAM is not included in the AWS EC2 metrics. This is a common question at the exam. They ask you, can you get the RAM from CloudWatch? No, you cannot. AWS does not push the RAM usage in CloudWatch. It is for yours to push. Okay, so let's have a look at our monitoring metrics for EC2 instance. So we are going in this monitoring tab and then we can have a look at all the metrics in here, which I can add into a cloud dashboard to make it a little easier to see. So I can create a new dashboard and I'll call it EC2 metrics. And okay, click on add to dashboard, and that's my dashboard name. I'll just call it EC2, and click on create. Here we go. And then add to dashboard. So I am in my dashboard from CloudWatch and we can have a look at all the metrics. So first of all, CPU utilization, we know it. So this is something that can be varying between zero and 100%, and this is a very common metric to monitor. Status checks is going to be something we'll see soon, which is around how to have a look at if your EC2 instances is having a failure on the hardware level or the software level, and so we can have the metrics on the failure by being between zero and one. Network in and out is quite obvious, which is how much network goes in and out of your EC2 instance and number of packets as well. Disc read and disc writes look like they're zero and it's normal because we have an EBS volume attached to our EC2 instance. The disc reads and writes metrics are going to be seen on the EBS volume itself, okay? But if your EC2 instance was an EC2 instance with an instance store, that means that the drive and the storage is directly physically attached to your EC2 instance, then you would see these metrics being populated, okay? This is something common to know and to be aware of. Finally, for CPU credit usage, this is going to be seen here for burstable type of instances, otherwise it will be zero, and we can have also a look at the CPU credit balance. As you can see, as we're not using our EC2 instance right now, the CPU credit balance is going up, up, up over time. And finally, if you wanted to enable detailed monitoring for your EC2 instance, this is how you would do it. So you click on monitoring and click on manage detailed monitoring and you can enable it. So this is going to show you graphs with a one minute period instead of five. So right now, this is a five minute period, but we can go into one minute period, but you're going to incur extra cost if you do enable detailed monitoring, which I will not do. Okay? So (indistinct) lecture, I hope you liked it, and make sure at the end to delete your cloud dashboard. So delete this dashboard and you're good to go. I will see you in the next lecture.