All right. In this section, we're going to work on automating the deployment and management of our S3 buckets. So up until this point in the course, we've been mostly working with the AWS management console or we've been experimenting around with the AWS CLI. However, in an environment where you are creating and managing a lot of buckets, most folks are going to be using something like infrastructure as code in order to automatically create and manage our S3 buckets and all of our other resources in AWS as well. So in this section I want to showcase how we can use CloudFormation in order to create and manage the configuration of our S3 buckets. So on the screen I'm in the Amazon S3 console. However, what I want to do is I want to start over in VS code and showcase a CloudFormation template that I wrote. So over here in VS code, let me close this down a little bit. I've written an AWS CloudFormation template and this is specific to create an S3 bucket. Now there's not too much in here, but I have started out with metadata and most of this really focuses around entering information to create the bucket. So we have two input variables for this. We have the KMS key Arn, and this is assuming that the default encryption for the bucket will use SSH dash kms. So of course if you're creating an S3 bucket that does not use SSH keys, you may not actually need this. The other one is actually the bucket name here. So you would provide the bucket name and you can see on both of these I've got an allowed pattern which follows the pattern for say this one is a bucket name. This one follows the pattern for an arn for an KMS key. Okay. So if you enter an incorrect bucket name, it will actually tell you before you try to execute the code. Now, if you scroll down here under resources, this is really where the magic happens, right? This is where the resources or the S3 bucket gets created. So I've got S3 Bucket here. You can see it's type of S3 bucket and I've got some properties of our bucket when it gets created. All coded out here. So I've got access control is going to be private, so it's not going to be a public bucket. And you can see I've got the bucket encryption set up here. You got SSH and it's going to use KMS right here, AWS, KMS and the key that it's going to use in order to encrypt our data is going to be this parameter up here, KMS key Arn that we entered as an input parameter. All right. Now if you continue on, we have the bucket name and of course this is going to reference our parameter up here that we enter for our bucket name and then we've got some additional configuration. We've got our S3 block public access configuration in here. And you can see I have everything blocked. Everything is set to true. I have some tags for our specific bucket and I'm also enabling versioning on our bucket as well. All right. So a lot of these things we've been working on throughout the course, you can see how easy it is to put all this into a Yaml file and we can simply execute this time and time again and create multiple buckets inside of our AWS account. So that's actually what we're going to do in this demo here. So let's go back over to AWS. We're going to go into CloudFormation here and in my account I've got a bunch of stacks. You can see they're quite old. They're mostly for organizations or setting up control tower and things like that. However, what we're going to do is create a brand new stack. So I'm going to go over here and create stack, I'm going to say with new resources and standard, and it's going to ask us, okay, where is the template? And that's the template that we just showcased. So I'm going to say, Hey, the template is already ready. I'm going to say the template and we're going to upload it and I'm going to go ahead and choose file and I'm going to choose our S3 bucket Yaml and that is the file that we're just looking at right here. By the way, this file is in my GitHub repo so you can feel free to go grab it there. I'm going to click on open and you can see it's going to upload it to a bucket already. It's going to create a temporary bucket and then upload our file here. I'm going to click on next and enter a stack name. I'm going to call this our CloudFormation bucket. All right. And here are those parameters that we would input. I have the bucket name right here. So what is our bucket name going to be? I'm going to call this Brian Crowson. CloudFormation bucket. All right. And then enter the Arn or the KMS key that we want to use for our default encryption. So what I'm going to do is go up here to the KMS console. I have our two customer managed keys in here. I'm going to use this S3 production data key. I'm going to go in here, I'm going to click on the Arn and copy it back in CloudFormation. I'm going to simply paste that in. Okay, now I'm going to hit next. Now the rest of the stack options are basically going to be defaults. I'm just going to scroll down to the bottom and say next. And again, it's going to review. We're going to use this template stack descriptions, S3 Bucket template. You can see the parameters that I entered. The bucket name is going to be Brian and CloudFormation Bucket and the KMS key is going to be this scroll all the way down here and we're going to hit submit now. This is going to submit that file to CloudFormation. You can see our new stack created right here, CloudFormation Bucket. Now on the right, under events, we can refresh this and we actually see events happening. So you can see that our S3 bucket is create in progress and it shouldn't take too long. We refresh this a couple times and it should move to complete and then we'll be able to go view our bucket. So it should take a bit a second here. And there we go. You can see that the S3 bucket is completed and the entire stack is create complete. So over here you may have to click on refresh over here. And now we say create complete over here. So cool. So we just created our S3 bucket. Let's go back over to S3 and I'm going to click on Refresh. And now if you look down here, we have our new bucket right here, Brian Kraus and CloudFormation Bucket. So we click in it. Obviously we have no objects, but we can look at the properties of our configuration and look at that. We have our KMS as our default and we already learned that SE Dash S3 is actually the default. So you can see that our CloudFormation template was able to go ahead and change the default encryption for our bucket to KMS. All right. You can see our tags that we added. Now CloudFormation is going to automatically add some of those tags. But here are the two tags that I added. CloudFormation True data secret, right? Obviously you can add whatever tags you want in there. Now, if I go up here to permissions, you can also see that block public access is turned on, right? And if I do edit, everything is checked. Okay? So you can see that our CloudFormation template was able to successfully create our bucket. Now what if we need to make changes to our bucket? Well, we could have done it easily right there in the console. However, when you're using infrastructure as code, you want to continue to make changes and manage those resources through code. You don't want to go and create those resources using infrastructures code or CloudFormation in this example, and then just start clicking away in the console and making changes because that's actually called drift. When you have a resource in AWS that does not match the configuration in your code, then you have resource drift and you can fix it, but then it becomes a pain to start managing it. So what we're going to do is we're going to manage this bucket and we're going to make some changes through code. So let's go back over to VS code here and maybe for this example, we want to ultimately make this bucket public. Maybe we want to ultimately create a bucket policy to make it public so we know that we're going to have to change our S3 block public configuration. So if we want to just use a bucket policy, what we can do is change these to false in here. So we'll change that to false. We'll change this one to false. We're going to leave ACLs as blocked, right? But we're going to uncheck right in the console. We would simply uncheck that box by changing these to false. That changes that as well. And it allows us to use a bucket policy to make objects in our bucket public. So we've updated our S3 bucket Yaml file and now we're going to do is go back into CloudFormation and we're going to update our stack. So our stack here is CloudFormation bucket. Over on the right we're going to click on stack options and we're going to create a change set for the current stack. All right. Now it's going to say, okay, cool, how do you want to create this change set? What I'm going to do is I'm going to replace the current template with the template that we just updated. So I'm going to upload a template file because it is different. Choose file. I'm going to choose the same file. But again, we just updated it, so that's a new version of it. Click on next and we can add a change set name. So this one is Update S3. Block public access settings. You can obviously type in whatever you want and then change. Set Description. Update for bucket policy. All right. So then we can go down here. You can see bucket name, the same input variables that we use before. We're not going to change those. We're going to click on next and then we're going to go down and click next again and we're going to submit this change. All right. Now, what CloudFormation is going to do is going to compare the existing resource with the change, and it's going to create what's called a change set. And it's going to tell you, do we need to replace this object or can we just modify it in place so you can see that it's already done. And at the bottom we have changes. You can see the action down here is modify. We're going to modify our S3 bucket and it does not need to replace our object. It's going to modify it in place. Okay. So that's exactly what we want. We don't want to replace it, especially if we already had data and things like that in there. So now what we can actually do is we should be able to go click on Execute Change set and we're going to execute change set. Okay, Now it's going to bring us back into the stack. And you can see now we have an update in progress. If we click on Refresh, it should take just about a second because it's a really quick change. And there we go. We have update complete and everything has been fully updated. So now if we go back to S3 and we look at our CloudFormation bucket here and we go to our permissions, if we scroll down, look now block All public access is off. If we click on edit, there we go. We have our ACLs, which were still set as true in our code that are still checked. However, our bucket policy is now unchecked on both of them. All right. So that was based upon the change that we did right here in the code. We changed these to false, which in a sense changed the configuration right here inside of our bucket. So that's how we would use code to continue to manage our resources in AWS. Now, if we wanted to go ahead and delete this bucket, say we don't need it anymore. First of all, we need to make sure it's empty. All those same rules apply. Even if we're using infrastructure as code, we can't delete a bucket if it's not empty. Now, of course, this bucket is empty. We don't have anything in there. We don't have to worry about emptying the bucket. But if you did have data in there, you would of course want to empty it. Instead of clicking here and then clicking on delete, what we're going to do is just go delete our stack inside of CloudFormation. So we'll go in here, we'll just say delete. Yes, we want to delete, which will delete all of our stack resources, which is only our S3 bucket. We'll click on Delete and over on the right. If we click on refresh, you can see Delete in progress the delete in progress for this S3 bucket. We'll refresh and you can see it's already complete. The delete was complete for our S3 bucket and our stack is complete. So if I click on refresh over on the left, well our actually stack is disappeared, right? Because we deleted the entire stack and it deleted all the associated resources. So if we go back to S3 one more time and we click on Refresh again, our bucket is gone, right? It has been deleted because we deleted the stack which created the bucket. And when we delete the stack, it deletes all the resources. So again, this is a way that you can use AWS, CloudFormation in order to create and manage resources inside of your AWS account specifically for S3. So again, we were able to create a new S3 bucket with all the proper configurations. We were able to manage that bucket by making changes through code. And of course we're able to delete the bucket by deleting the stack in AWS, CloudFormation.