So now let's talk about AWS AppConfig. So the idea is that when you configure your applications, it is very common for you to actually ship the configuration alongside your app, and sometimes you can modularize the configuration by using environmental variables. But what if instead you want it to be having the configuration outside of your app? For this, you could use AppConfig, which allows you to configure, validate and deploy dynamic configurations into your applications. So you can change this configuration and your application will change independently of you deploying any new code to your application. So you don't need to restart your application, everything works dynamically. So the beautiful thing about it is that, for example, you could use feature flags. What is a feature flag? Well say your application comes with a new feature but for now you want to disable it, so you just deploy your application, and in AppConfig you say the feature is off or false. And then when your application's been deployed and you're ready to test it out, you can just change the feature flag in your AppConfig. Your application will pick it up and automatically this new feature will be enabled. On top of it, you can pretty much dynamically change any kind of configuration, so you can fine tune your application performance and so on. You can, even for example, if you had IP block list or allow list, you can modify them in real time in AppConfig again, without changing your application code. So it's very useful for apps that you run on EC2 instances, Lambda, ECS, EKS, and so on. On top of it, if you have a configuration change for example, let's go back to our feature flag, you don't want to release the feature to all of your instances at once. You may want to gradually deploy this change to see if you have any issues, and if so, get a rollback. So that's possible with AppConfig as well. So AppConfig has a few config sources. It could be the parameter store, it could be the SSM documents, it could be your SRO buckets or somewhere else. And then your EC2 instances are, and, of course, the application running on them are going to regularly pull for configuration changes and then pull them. And for example, when we switch change the configuration, automatically we're going to be monitoring with CloudWatch if there is anything going wrong. If so, let's trigger an alarm, and this alarm will trigger a rollback of your configuration. On top of it to make sure that you're not actually distributing a configuration that is wrong. You can validate it either using a JSON Schema, which is going to check whether or not the config adheres to some specific types and so on, or a Lambda function. This is when you want to have code and this code is going to check the parameters in a more complex way. And that's it, that's AppConfig. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.