Okay so, next let's talk about AWS Service Catalog. This is for the users that are going to be new to AWS. They will have too many options to create stacks and they may create stacks that are not compliant or in line with the rest of the organization. So we want to provide these users with a self-service portal and then where we launching only authorized products and these authorized products will be predefined by administrators. So it includes for example, virtual machines, databases, storage options such as EFS, et cetera. The idea is that with the Service Catalog, we are giving users a controlled environment to deploy stuff onto AWS. So how does it work? Well, it relies on the CloudFormation. So first, you have two parts in Service Catalog. You have the admins, and then you have the users. So the admins are going to define products. And what is the product in Service Catalog? Well, it is a CloudFormation template that the admins have to write. And because the admins are power users, they're going to write these CloudFormation templates very, very well. And they will put all these products together and create a portfolio. So a portfolio is going to be a collection of products. And then each portfolio will be assigned some IAM roles to give control. So we're going to say, who can access these portfolios and when. So then the users are going to be presented with a product list through the Service Catalog. And the products they see, are only going to be the products that are authorized by IAM. And then these users, for example, they need a stack with an EC2 Instance, then they will launch these products and the products because they correspond to CloudFormation templates, will be launching whatever the CloudFormation templates is configured to do and that will give you provisioned products. Now they're ready to use, they're properly configured and they're properly tagged. So think of Service Catalog as a set of CloudFormation templates that your users can use based on their IAM permissions. So in this example, we don't give the users, to launch CloudFormation templates themselves, we give them the ability to launch the CloudFormation templates that only the admins have been given the rights to do. And so the idea here is that we are giving a lot less control to our users and we're giving making sure that our users only can do the things that they are authorized to do with Service Catalog. So now, let's go back to the theory of Service Catalog. We're creating and managing a catalog of IT services that are going to be approved by our administrators on AWS. Each product is a CloudFormation templates and so you can do whatever you want with CloudFormation templates, but you can have a virtual machine image, servers, software, databases, regions, IP address ranges, whatever you want. The idea is that by using CloudFormation, we help ensure consistency, and we have standardization by the admins. So we don't give the users the right to use CloudFormation directly. We give them only the right to use Service Catalog, which in turns is using CloudFormation as its backbone. So then, the products will be assigned to portfolios or teams, and the teams will be presented with a self-service portal when they can launch the products. And all the deployed products are centrally managed through Service Catalog. Why do we do this? Well, to help with governance, compliance, and consistency. And so, this is what you're going to have to look like for the exam, okay? Whenever a user needs to be launching products, but doesn't require deep AWS knowledge, or doesn't need to know all the options of AWS, the idea is that, you should use something like Service Catalog, and you should define these templates in advance for your users to make sure that they can only do exactly what you intended them to do. So you can have standardization in tagging, you can have standardization in the way things are being configured, et cetera. Finally, Service Catalog does integrate with self-service portals, such as ServiceNow. So it is possible for you to completely hide the facts is Service Catalog and have your users use your internal ServiceNow portal to request for example, a EMR cluster to perform some big data. And that's it. So that's it for this lecture. Remember, Service Catalog is only when you're in just consistency, standardization and give less control to the users and more controls your admin. And I will see you in the next lecture.