So now let's talk about the AWS Systems manager. I need you to know a few things going into the exam. First of all, this helps you manage your EC2 instances and on-premises servers at scale because it gives you operational insights about the state of your infrastructure and you can easily detect programs. You can, for example, patch and do patch automation at scale for enhanced compliance. It works both with Linux and Windows and has fully integrated AWS such as the CloudWatch metrics or the AWS Config service, and it's a free service. So how does systems manager work? Well, we have the service and for the service to work we need to install the SSM agent onto the systems that we control. So by default it's installed on Amazon Linux AMI and some Ubuntu AMI. Otherwise, you have to run some installation steps to run the SSM agents. So once it's running on your EC2 instances or your on premises virtual machines or servers then automatically they're going to talk to the SSM service. And if you don't see the instance in the system manager service, you have two problems. Maybe it's one, the agent is misconfigured or two you need to make sure that the agent has the proper permissions to register itself with a systems manager service. So in case of an EC2 instance you need to make sure you have the proper IAM role attached to your instance so that the SSM agent can have full permissions on SS on the systems manager service to get registered to it. And if we are looking at on-premises virtual machines make sure the access keys are correct again for the SSM agent to connect to systems manager. So then once systems manager is set up, what can we do? We can run command, and run command is the ability to run a script or document or just run a command across multiple instances. And you can define these resource groups to define how to group your instances. Then you have rate control to define how fast you wanna run this command across all your instances as well as error control in case of what happens if a few instances fail. Do you want to fail everything or do you wanna keep on going? It's fully integrated with IAM and CloudTrail so no one can run commands unless they have access to it. And in case they run the command then CloudTrail will know about it right away. So to run the command the beautiful thing is that there is no need for SSH Only the agent will do an API call to a systems manager and then will run the command for you. The results are in the console. So how does that work? Well with an EC2 instance with the SSM agent, and as you can see, the SSM agent is going to talk with a systems manager service to know whether or not a run command should be issued and if so while the command is run from within by the SSM agents. Now a architecture that looks pretty similar is to use the send command API before an auto scan group instance is terminated. So the idea is that you have an ASG and it will terminate some instances, but then you can create a lifecycle hook to block an instance into determining wait states to perform some last commands. So here's an ASG and it terminates one of the EC2 instances and then what's going to happen is that it's going to send an event to EventBridge called terminating wait and the instance is going to be stuck in that state for a while. So once this is happening then this event from EventBridge needs to be intercepted. So for this we can create a rule so that whenever we see the terminating weight type of event for that specific auto scaling group then we run an SSM automation document. And that automation document is going to perform some actions on our EC2 instance. One of them could be send command and send command would be to run the command within that terminating EC2 instance. Now once the command is done, for example, to extract logs or do other things then you can finally allow the auto scanning group to terminate your instance by moving onto the next state with the lifecycle hooks. We can also patch our instances at scale with systems manager. For this we define a patch baseline. And a patch baseline is instructions on what to patch and what patches to apply. So then we have patch groups, which is for example, we can define multiple environments. Dev, Test, Prod. Then maintenance windows like when do we want these patches to be applied? When is it okay to maybe slow down our instances? And then we run the AWS RunPatchBaseline command during our maintenance window. And then it is going to work cross platform on Window and Linux and apply the patch to all your instances. You can define rate control just like the run command feature. So as you can control how many instances at a time getting patched and if there if there is an error threshold for the task. You can monitor the patch compliance using the SSM inventory to make sure that all your instances are patched and up to date. So here's an example. So again, we run the patch baseline task on our targets our patch groups, and this gets applied during our maintenance window. Another feature is systems manager session manager. So this allows you to start a secure shell on your EC2 instances or on premises servers through the console or the CLI or the SDK. But this does not need for you to set up SSH access to open Port 22 or to use Bastion Host or to use SSH keys. How does it work? Well, we have an EC2 instance with the SSM agent and the proper IAM instance profile to be registered to the session manager service. And therefore we can just use the console to connect to session manager and session manager will establish a connection with the SSM agents so that you can run your commands directly as if you were doing SSH but you're actually not doing SSH. So this supports Linux, MacOS, and Windows. And the idea is that the benefits of using Session Manager over SSH is that all the commands run through Session Manager are going to be logged. And that means that all that logged data can be sent to CloudWatch logs or to Amazon S3. So we have full traceability of every session made onto your EC2 instances something that SSH does not give you. So then if someone runs some malicious commands you can note what they run and how they run it. On top of it, You can use CloudTrail to intercept any start session events happening within Session Manager. Therefore you can run some kind of automation and you can know whenever someone is starting to open a session onto your EC2 instances which is great for auditability and security. Next, we have Systems Manager OpsCenter, which is a service to help you resolve any operational issues that are called OpsItems related to your AWS resources. So OpsItems can be issues, events, and alerts. And the idea is that whenever an OpsItem is created within Systems Manager, you're going to have within only one console aggregation of information from many other services, such as any conflict changes in relationship such as CloudTrail logs, CloudWatch alarms, confirmation stack information and more, such as metrics and so on. So once you have an OpsItem with an OpsCenter, you have an aggregated view that should hopefully give you enough information to resolve your problems. And then on top of it, you're going to get Automation Runbooks, such as once the issue is resolved, or at least identified, you can resolve it by running an SSM automation. So how do you create these OpsItems? Well many different ways, but one of them is to do automation. So you can say that any time a CloudWatch alarm is being breached then create an OpsItem, or you can say that EventBridge can create OpsItems for you. So if you have any kind rules in EventBridge the target of them could be to create an OpsItem in Systems Manager. Okay, So that's it for Systems Manager. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.