So now let's talk about AWS Cloud Map. So Cloud Map is a fully managed resource discovery service and just that you know at from a high level going into the exam. So how does that work? Well when you don't have Cloud Map and you have for example two services, a frontend and a backend service then the backend service will have a version one of it running and the frontend is meant to be connecting to that version one. But the day you are deploying a new version of your backend service for example version two and you want your frontend service to connect to it, you first need to disconnect it from version one, operate a code change in your frontend service, redeploy it and then your frontend service can be connecting to the version two of your backend service. Now this is not really good because there's a lot of coaches required and manual things happening. So Cloud Map instead allows you to create a map of the backend services and resources that your applications depend on. And then you can add them with their attributes, their location and also register the health status all within Cloud Map. So with Cloud Map, what happens at a frontend service and the backend service will also connect through Cloud Map. So how does that work? Well the frontend service will be performing a request, a query on Cloud Map to say, "Hey where can I find the backend service?" And here is the version one of the backend service you can find so the frontend service knows how you connect to the backend service. Now when we create a version two of our backend service what's going to happen is that we are going to do an API call against Cloud Map to update the end points from version one to version two. And the next time the frontend service we'll do a look up on Cloud Map. Then we'll find the location of the version two of the backend service and then we'll be able to connect to version two. The differences is up here. We didn't do any code change and all the changes were registered from within Cloud Map okay? So this is really cool. It also has integration with health checking to stop sending traffic to unhealthy endpoints. And then your application can use Cloud Map using for example the SDK, API or DNS queries because Cloud Map is tightly integrated with route 53 okay? So that's it just a high level overview of Cloud Map is all you need to know. Okay it's a way for you to do service discovery. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.