Welcome back. In this lecture we will try to understand Dbfs or Databricks file system. So what is Databricks File system or what is Dbfs? A Dbfs or Databricks file system is a distributed file system abstraction on top of scalable cloud storage integrated into Databricks workspace and available on Databricks clusters. That's how you can understand but what exactly it means in very simple terms. Databricks File System is a file system, a virtual file system, or file system abstraction that allows you to access your cloud storage like a directory where you can create directories, subdirectories, files, and keep your data there. Now, next thing that I want you to understand is, uh, we already saw Databricks platform architecture. We know when we create a workspace, Databricks will launch a control plane. So for each Databricks control plane, by default, Databricks will initially create one dbfs root directory, right. It will create a dbfs storage. And it will create a storage account in your, uh, cloud provider. Basically, we will be using Azure. So it will create a, uh storage account in your Azure cloud and mount it, map it, make it available through the Dbfs by default. So usually we call it Dbfs root directory for every workspace. It is available by default. We can store data in this default root directory. We can create subdirectories. We can create files. We can store data here. But it is not recommended to use the default dbfs root directory for storing your data because of many reasons, and you do not have full access or full control on this storage account because it is automatically created by Databricks. So basically what we do, uh, we create a separate storage account in our Azure cloud and create a root directory there and then mount that root directory uh separately. We and preferred to use that we will learn all that. But at this point I wanted to make sure you understand that with every Databricks work space, there is one dedicated default storage account created behind the scene, which is mapped to the Databricks file system, and it is known as Databricks Root Storage or Dbfs Root Storage File System. And you can access it for storing actual data, or for your own purpose or for your project purpose. You are most likely to create a separate storage account. So that's all for this lecture. In the next lecture we will learn to use Dbfs root storage account. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.