Welcome back. In the earlier lecture, we learned that with every Databricks workspace, Databricks will automatically create a storage account in your cloud and map it with the Dbfs as a dbfs root directory. I talked about this, so let's try to see that. Where do we have the storage account for my workspace and how to access the Dbfs file system that storage layer from my workspace. So let me switch to my uh, Azure portal. So. So here is my Azure portal. If I try to look at all resources, I'll see a lot of things here. Uh, this is the Databricks workspace resource that I created. I created a Databricks workspace. Uh, let me sort it by type and I will see one storage account. So this is Azure Storage account, uh, already created by Databricks for my Databricks workspace. Uh, if you look at the resource group name, it says Databricks Hyphen RG, which is my resource group name, hyphen Databricks course, AWS, which is my workspace name. And then some other text added automatically there. So for every workspace, Databricks will create a storage account in your Azure cloud and make it available that storage make it available as a Dbfs root. So let's go to my workspace and try to learn how to access that. Uh. Dbfs root storage. So I'll go to my Databricks workspace. Launch it. And. Try to access it. So I already have a running cluster here. Uh, if you come to compute menu, you will see I already have a learning cluster which is already running here, so I don't need to create a cluster for running my notebook. Uh, I'll attach my notebook with this cluster and execute some code. So if you don't have, you can create a cluster and then come to the exercises in my home directory. Uh, I have. This notebook set up for you to give a demo about Databricks File system. So first thing, what we want to do is to show the list of directories in the dbfs root. We already learned that with the new Databricks workspace, Databricks will create a storage account in the cloud and make it available as a dbfs root. So how to access that? You already learned? Possibly. Um. Percent of his magic command. So that's how we can access File system or Dbfs file system. And, uh, to access Dbfs file system root, you should be using Dbfs qualifier and then root directory and simply run it. Okay, I forgot the RLS command. So percent FS is the magic command and RLS is the list command for this um root file system Dbfs root directory. And you can see what all the directories are already created in the root directory. Uh, a lot of things are there. These are mostly default root directories created by Databricks itself to store some kind of configuration and other things by the Databricks itself. We are not supposed to use this dbfs root directory for storing data or for our project purposes because, uh, that goes into the default storage, uh, account here created by the Databricks workspace. Um, all everything that we store, uh, goes into this storage account, and we don't want that because we don't have, uh, proper access or control over that storage account. So we will learn how to create our own storage account and bring it to Dbfs so that we can use it. But how to access the Dbfs root? You can access it using Dbfs colon slash and use, uh, file system commands. Like percent of vessels. Next thing that I want to explain is that you can access, uh, any subdirectories. Also inside the root directory, for example, we have this sub directory uh here. So you can use it access the sub directory also. Let me show you. And. And give the subdirectory name and you can access the subdirectory. Uh, basically Databricks data set is a sample data set directory automatically, uh, made available to all work spaces. So you can see a lot of sample data directories inside the Databricks data set. Uh, in a typical case we should be accessing the dbfs directory subdirectories or root directory using the Dbfs file system qualifier. But that's not mandatory. If you don't use the file system qualifier, you can simply use it like this. Start from the root and then go inside any subdirectory. And it works. It works because Databricks by default assumes that if you are not using any file system qualifier, you are using Dbfs because Dbfs is the default file system for Databricks, so you can use it that way. Do we have any other file systems for Databricks workspace? Yes we have. Let me show you. You can use file colon and access the root. So file colon is another file system which is available in Databricks workspace. Uh that allows us to access the. Local file system of the driver machine. So let's try to run this. Sorry, I again forgot the LHS. So you can see file colon lib 64 boot blah blah blah. All these directories, these are basically directories on the driver machine, the local file system of the driver machine. So you can see the um. Other file systems. Also, if you have made it available by default, Databricks brings Dbfs and um, local file system of your driver machine. We also have one more uh command file system command uh called mounts. So if you run the FS percent FS mounts, you will see all the, uh, subdirectories that are mounted over the. Root directory. In fact, root directory is also uh mounted. And then on all the subdirectories that you see inside the root directory are also mounted in some way by Databricks. So basically root directory is mandatory. This root is mandatory. Dbfs root is uh something that Databricks Workspace will automatically create. And then for keeping our data or for uh, using something for our project, we are supposed to create a separate directory which we can mount on top of the root directory, Dbfs root directory, and then use it for ourselves. So that's what we are going to learn in the next lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.