Welcome back. In this lecture, we will try to learn how to create a storage account in your Azure cloud, and then how to make it available under your Dbfs root directory, how to mount your storage account to a dbfs root directory, so that we can use our own storage account for keeping data or other project resources. So let's start. Basically, I'll quickly recall this architecture. We learned that, uh, Databricks workspace is known as control plane. We can access it through the web UI. And for each workspace, uh, Databricks automatically creates a storage account behind the scene in your cloud, uh, account and map that storage account to Dbfs two. Databricks file system as the dbfs root. But we are not supposed to store our data or project reserve resources in the dbfs root. The idea is to create a separate storage account, maybe using ADLs Gen two or a Azure Blob storage, and then mount that additional storage account to the Dbfs root. And then we can use our own storage account, which is in our control, uh, to store data or other project resources. So let's try to learn that step by step process for doing that. So for creating storage account in your Azure cloud, you have to log in to your, uh, Azure portal. I have logged in already here, and for mounting that into Dbfs, you have to come to the Databricks workspace and we can mount it from the Databricks workspace. So there are two parts of this activity. Part one is creating a storage account in Azure Cloud. And then part two is mounting it in Dbfs. So part one we can do using your Azure portal and part two which we can do using your Databricks workspace. So I have already created um, a notebook to document all the step by step process. So let me go to that notebook and show you that. So. Creating your Dbfs mount for data storage is basically a five step process. The first step is create ADLs Gen two storage account in your Azure. Create storage containers in your storage account and then create Azure Service Principle and Secret. So basically Azure Service Principle is a service user account. And secret is the password for the service user account. So we create a user and password and then grant access to the service principle for storage account. So we create a user account kind of uh service account create password and give permissions. For that user to access the storage account and storage container. And once all this is done, we are done from the. Azure cloud side. And then finally we come to the Databricks workspace and mount the storage container so that it can be brought to Databricks root directory. So let's go through all these steps one by one. Uh create ADLs Gen two storage account is the first step. So go to your Azure portal and click uh. Create a resource on your Azure Portal home page. So we come here uh create a resource. And then next step is to search for a storage account. So we want to create Azure Storage Account Resource. So search for storage account and you will see a storage account box here. Hit the Create Storage account. Button. And like any other service creation in Azure, we have to go through various. Tabs for defining lot of things and create the resource. We'll go through it. So first thing you have to choose your subscription. That's your billing account. You have to choose your resource group. Where do you want to group your uh resource? I'll go with the existing resource group Databricks course RG so that everything that I'm creating for this course is, uh, grouped under the same resource group. And then you can give a storage account name. So storage account name is little critical. The name must be unique across all existing storage account names in Azure. Globally. It's not only in your project or in your account. So storage account name, uh, must be unique in the Azure. So let's create one storage account. Let's see if I get the storage account name. So uh already taken. Let's add something else. So looks like Prashanth s a. Oh. Is unique. It's not already taken. So I create the storage account, call it Prashanth s or maybe Prashanth s. But if I try to put hyphen here, that's not allowed in the storage account name. So let's go with this. Uh, we'll choose the region. In which region? Cloud region. I want to create this storage account. It should be always the same region where you created your workspace. So I created my workspace in East US. So let's go with the East US. We have uh two performance tiers for our storage account standard and premium. So standard is general purpose V2 account. And uh premium is recommended for scenarios that require low latency little fast storage account. Uh, we can go with the standard for now. Uh, it's, uh, straight forward and then we have to choose redundancy level. So if you look at it, there are various redundancy level and the lowest is locally redundant storage and highest is geo zone redundant storage. Basically it is uh to define how fault tolerant your storage is. So, uh, what happens if your storage server goes down? Do you have a backup somewhere else and all that? Right. So for now we can go with the locally redundant storage. That's enough for the demo or, uh, for our experiment or learning. Uh, but for your project, you will choose the appropriate one. Uh, let's go to the advanced level. And in the advanced level we will come down, look for enable hierarchical namespace and choose this. So basically hierarchical namespace complemented with. Data lake storage Gen two. Right. So we choose the hierarchical namespace so that we are choosing, um, Azure Data Lake storage Gen two. Uh that's the recommended one. The Azure Data Lake Storage Gen one or Azure Blob storage is not recommended for uh, for data storage or for data lake usage. It is ADLs. Uh Gen two is specifically designed and optimized for the data lake storage purpose. So we want to use this. And that's all rest all we can go with uh, the defaults. Uh, there are many other tabs here you can go and define a lot of other things, but for now, this is enough. Uh, and we can hit the review button. Azure will review our configurations, validate it, and once validation is passed, you can create it. So let's hit the create button. It might take couple of minutes to create a Azure Storage account for us. So let's come back to our notebook and see what all we have finished. So uh, create a storage account using the following steps. Now choose appropriate subscription. Uh, select an existing create resource group. Uh, choose a unique storage account name. Choose a region. Select performance tier. Um. Choose storage redundancy. LS is good enough for learning advanced uh button to move next and enable hierarchical namespace review and create. So we have done all that. So we've basically finished step one. We created a storage account. The next step is to create a storage container in your storage account. So let's come back and try to do that. My storage account is already created. I can hit the go to resource button and it will take me to the storage account resource page. Uh, but let's not directly jump from here. Maybe you can come to home and you will also see is your storage account name here. And if you click that you will come to the. Um storage account resource page. So that's your storage account. You have a lot of menus here, uh, specifically for storage account or for working with the storage account. So we will go to containers and. We will try to create a new container here. So inside the storage account we must create at least one container. Container is like a root directory inside your storage account. Storage account is just an storage account which defines some configurations like what is the, um, pricing tier or performance tier? What is the, uh, redundancy level? Which uh resource group it should be created. So account is at the top level. It's just an account. Inside the account container is your directory your root directory or your directory. You can create as many containers as you want inside your storage account. Uh you might already see a logs container. Dollar logs container by default. Create it. Uh, it's for Azure will use it for its own purpose. We will not go in there. We will create a new container. So hit the plus create container button. Uh, give a name to your container. Let me see what name we have thought. Um. Let's call it Dbfs container. Right? Because that's the purpose. That's what I want to create it for. So create Dbfs container, give a name to your container and hit the create button. Simple. And within a couple of seconds Azure will create a container for you. So this is my container right inside the container. From the azure itself, I can create subdirectories. Container itself is a kind of directory, but inside the container I can also create subdirectories. I can upload data files. All that we can do from the Azure cloud uh, UI itself. But let's go with the list. So create a storage container in your storage account. That was the second step. Go to Azure Storage Account page, select containers and click Plus Create container button. Uh give a name to your container and hit the create button. That's all. Uh, we created a container inside our storage account that's done. The step three is we will have to create a service principal or service user. Uh, set a password or secret for that user. And that user will have access to the storage container. Right. And then we will use that credential, that username and password or service principal name and um, secret from the Databricks workspace from Dbfs to access the storage container. That's the idea. So let's create a service principal and, uh, secret. And go to your Azure Active Directory service page. Because all the user service principles, everything are created in the Azure Active Directory. So let's come here. Uh, look for your menu. Uh, you will see Microsoft entra ID. Microsoft Azure Active Directory is now renamed and rebranded as Microsoft Enter ID. Azure Active Directory is now. Microsoft enter it. So we come here. So go to your Azure Active Directory page in your Azure account. It is now known as Microsoft Enter ID select app registrations. We don't want to create a simple user account. We want to create a service account right. We want to create a application user. So come to app registrations. From the left side menu you will see like this. App registrations. And then you can come to. New registration. Give a name for your app. So let's see what name we want to give. For this example, let's call it Databricks App principal. So we call it Databricks App Principal and then hit the register button. So hit the register button. And in a couple of seconds your app registration will be done. So basically we created the app registration. And then once your app registration is done or your service principal is, uh, created, you might want to note down these things, right. Uh, your client ID you will need it later. So just copy it somewhere and keep it safe. So I'll copy it in, uh. Notepad and keep it safe. And then you also need this, uh, directory or tenant ID. So copy this. Thing and keep it safe with you. So after clicking the register button. Service principle will be created. Copy the client ID and tenant ID. You will need them later and your service principle creation is done. The next step is to create certificates or secrets. So create a secret for this service principle so you can come to certificates and secrets here and create a new client secret and give some description here. Uh, let's call it. Let's. Call it or. Here it is. Databricks app. Uh, principal secret, you can choose the validity. I'll go with the three months validity and add it. And that's all your secret is created. Here is the secret value. So that's like a password. Copy it and keep it in. Um, save somewhere because you cannot see it later. It's shown only one time. So that's all. Uh, let's look at the list. Um secret will be created and shown on the page. Copy the secret value. You will need it later. That's all. So we are done with the. Step three. We created Azure Service Principle and also created a secret. Next step is to grant access to the service principle for storage account. So whatever user or credential we created, that guy or that service principle should have access to the storage account. So go to the storage account page. We created a storage account earlier. Right. So you come to your storage account. And on this storage account we want to grant access for the service principle. So how to do that. Maybe you can come to access control and IAM right click the. Add and click the Add Role assignment. So. We can choose some predefined roles from here. So for that purpose, uh, Azure comes with a predefined role which is good for us. Uh storage blob data contributor. So this service principle, uh, will become a contributor for that storage account. And it can create directories create files, read, write delete. All permissions will be given. So search for the contributor role. It will show up here. Select it and click the next button. And let's see what is there. Next click the next button. Then choose plus Select Members. So we come and choose the plus Select members. And it is showing some of the user accounts I have in my Azure, uh, Active Directory. But we don't want to, uh, grant this role to those users. We want to grant this role to our Databricks app principal that we created. So search for the name and you will see it Databricks app Principal. That is what we created in the earlier step. Choose this and then select uh. You will see it is added here. And then just hit the review and assign uh once again. And then that role is added. So review and assign twice and we are done. So we are done with all the four steps of preparing our storage account and container and a user ID and its secret in the Azure platform. So we are all done here. Now all we need to do is to mount that directory in the Databricks. So for mounting it in the Databricks uh we will have to use an API. So let's go to the API documentation for that. Uh it's not possible to memorize all this. So what we do uh, we look at the documentation for the API, how to mount it. So you can come here. I have included the link here in the notebook itself. Mount ADLs Gen2 or blob storage with. Uh abfs. So come here. And this is the Python code. Here is a Scala code sample. You can use it. So let's copy this code from here. The top part right. And let's copy it from here. And. That's how we mount. So basically what we are doing, we are defining some configs. I'll cover that. And once those configs are defined we are using Databricks. Utils. Um. Here. In the next step, a Databricks utils dot file system dot mount to mount the. A storage in the Databricks File System or Dbfs. So and for mounting this this is the Databricks command, right. It's a Databricks file system. Uh utils package. That allows us to mount a storage directory into the dbfs. And for this we need to provide the configs and those configs we are defining here. So basically what are the configs that are required. What is the protocol. Right. FS Azure auth account type. So what is the uh protocol we are going to use. So we will be using OAuth. And for OAuth who is the provider or what is the provider type. So provider is Microsoft itself. Uh this is the package name uh for the provider. It's fixed. We will be using this. And for uh. Authentication. What is the client ID, what is the secret and what is the endpoint. So these three things we will be defining here. So let me create variables for these three things. So what we want to do we want to create some variables so that we can use it. The first variable is the storage account name. Uh. Let's define the storage account name. What is the storage account name? I'll come to my Azure and this is the storage account that we created. Right. So let's copy the storage account name. And we define the storage account name here. Uh next thing is you will need the container name also. So let's create a variable for container name. And what is the container name. Inside my storage account you can come to storage account containers and copy the container name from here. This is the container which we want to mount. So let's give a container name here. And then you will need uh maybe one more variable mount point. So what is the name we want to give uh, after mounting it. So let's call it files. Or you can call data or whatever. And then we will need client ID. So we will need client ID for. And you you already copied the client ID earlier. Right. We um. Uh, created a service, uh, account earlier. Uh, like you can come to Active Directory. Uh, look for your, uh. App registrations and all applications. This is the app registration we created. Right. So this client ID we need this client ID I already copied it somewhere. Uh so this is the client ID right. And in we will also need uh, tenant ID. Tenant ID is the ID for your Active Directory. So we copied the tenant ID also earlier. So I'll paste the tenant ID and then we will also need client secret. So let me paste the secret here. And secret is visible only once. Uh, but I copied it earlier. So let me paste the secret here. Right. So this is, uh, all we need. And then once you have all this information, uh, you can create the configs, uh, in the configs, we want application ID here, uh, which is my client ID, right. So I'll use the client ID variable here. Uh. That's all. Uh, we want to use Python variable substitution for this, right. So let's make it. A variable, right? So in the config for client id we will take the client id from the variable that we defined a for secret uh we will be using. Uh, we will not use all this. So what we can do, we can create a secret. Directly here. Uh, we already created client secret. So put the client secret here, and that's all you got? The, uh, client secret and endpoint is like https login this. And in this URL, we need to provide the directory id. So that's our Active Directory id. So we will put. Um, tenant ID here. That's my. Active Directory tenant ID and we can put a F here so that it's. Um variable is substituted. So we used client ID, secret ID and tenant ID here in the configs. Now configs uh, will be ready. Once config is ready you can pass those configs to mount method. And mount it. So. But what do we want to mount? We want to mount, um, our storage account and container. Right. So for that URL you have to provide here, what is your container name. So let's put a variable substitution here also. And we already created um container name here. Right. So. Uh, container name comes here. And then we also need to provide the storage account name. So let's put storage account name here. That's all. And what is the mount point? Mount point is always created in the dbfs root slash NT directory. That's a dedicated directory for user defined mount points. And you can give some mount name. So I already created a name here. Uh what mount point we want to call it we call it files. So put a variable substitution here also. Right. So that's all. We are now ready to mount our storage account here. So what we are doing we created a storage account in Azure and we created a user. We created permissions and we created granted um access to the storage account for that user. Now we are mounting our storage account and container. With these configs. So we are basically telling Databricks. So this is the client ID. This is the secret you can use to authenticate from here. And once authenticated you can assume those user credentials like current client ID and secret ID to access the storage layer, my Azure storage layer from here and mount it, uh, to this place so that all users who have access to this workspace can access this mount point can access the storage layer. So let's run it. I have to. Connect my cluster for executing code in this notebook. Run the variable definition. Done. Then run the mount. Configs and then finally mount it. Okay. True. So it's successful now once you're. Uh, a storage account is mounted, right? You can. Check it percent fs lls. We mounted it inside the root directory slash NT. Right. That's the mount position we used. Uh and let's try to see, um, what is there inside the NT. And you will see files directory. Right. So that's a mount name right. Mount point is files directory here. So that's the mount name. But the actual container name behind the this mount point is Dbfs container in this storage account. Right. So you can see uh this. Uh, if you want to see what is there inside the files inside the mount point, uh, you can check that we don't have anything, so we will not see anything. It's simply okay. Um, but what if I already had some data files in this, uh, container? Let's come here. Uh, come to my. Home, come to my storage account and in my storage account I will come to containers. This is my dbfs container, right? Go inside the container. Uh, maybe create a directory. Let's call it, uh. Sample data, right? So create a directory from here and go inside the sample data and upload some data. So I'll drag and drop a data file here. Let me um. Pull some data file. Okay, so I'm dropped one people dot json data file here I hit the upload button and you will see a data file here. So basically I am in full control here I know what is my data uh storage account. What is my container? Inside the container I have some data file. And once this data file is here, I can come here, upload the file to your mounted location. I have uploaded the file and list the content of your, uh, mounted location once again. So if you look at this, uh. You will see sample data directory. Right. So because I created it from back end from my Azure account, I could have created it from here also. Uh, but I've done it from the back end to show you that directory is the same, storage account is the same. You are accessing it from Databricks, uh, workspace after mounting it. So you, uh, create files and directories in that, uh, mounted location from Databricks Workspace or from any other tool from outside the workspace, directly from the Azure Cloud account or from your, uh, cloud account. It's the same location. So whatever changes are made, uh, are visible here. So you can see the people dot Json, uh data file here. Right. So we have the data file here. Uh, earlier we used one command uh percent FS mounts command to see all the mount points that we have or mounted directories we have in our dbfs root. So if you run the mounts you will see your directory also uh slash mnt files and it is mounted to this location. Uh we can see here um. Azure binary or blob file system slash. This is my container name and this is my service account. Name and rest. All are two. Point it to uh, Azure cloud. Right. So that's what we have here. If you want to unmount it, maybe you can just run the unmount command and tell what you want to unmount. Let's say M and T and file. Right. This is what we mounted earlier. If you want to unmount you can use the unmount command and it will be gone. Let's let it finish. True it's unmounted. MNT files has been unmounted. So now if you try to access the, uh. MNT files directory. File not found. Exception. No such file or directory. It's gone. It's unmounted, but it doesn't mean you lost your data, right? My data is still here. You can come to your Azure cloud, refresh it, go one level up in the container. I already have this sample data directory. Uh, you can come to back to Dbfs container. Right. You have the sample data directory inside this sample people dot Json is already there. So your data is separate. You want to use it on Databricks platform. Uh you can come and mount it here. So if I run it again. The mount command or the mount um API. I'll mount it again. So let it mount. And then. And once mounted, I can access it from Databricks. I can access that sample data directory, I can access the data file or whatever is there. Right? I can access it. It works completely perfectly. There are two, uh, problems here in this approach. We have mounted our storage account using Dbfs. The first problem is I am exposing all these details here. For example, I am exposing my client ID, I am exposing my tenant ID, and I am also exposing the secret key. Right. It's like a password. So all these informations I am exposing in my notebook, if I keep this source code in the source control, anyone who has access to the source control can look at all these information. So that's the first problem. And we have a solution for this first problem. There is no big deal. Databricks gives you uh a approach to secure this. Right. So basically we can create, uh, Azure Vault in our Azure cloud account and secure all these in the Azure Vault and from Databricks, um, platform. From here, we can pull information from the vault instead of hard coding these secrets and these, uh, secret information for pulling details from the vault. Uh, we have this API here. Databricks, uh, db utils, dot secrets. And from the secrets, we can get all the information. So that's how the documentation recommend. It's not recommended to hard code these things here. So that's, uh, but we have the solution. We can use the Azure Vault to secure all this. That's the first problem. And we have a solution with this. The second problem is once a directory is mounted right. Once you mount it this is. This directory, this, uh, directory location. This data set is available to all the users who have access to this workspace. Anyone who has access to this workspace can access this data. If you want to control, uh, that access, you may have to go back to your, um, Azure cloud and do a lot of things, uh, to control it. There is no easy way to control that. Some people will have access. Some people will not have access. Once it is mounted done. You have the access. Everyone who has the access to the workspace, they will have access to the data. That's the reason Dbfs is not a recommended approach for setting up your data directory, for setting up, uh, your storage layer for your Lakehouse solution. We have different approach, uh, for doing that. And that's what we are going to learn in the next section. So, uh, keep that in mind that though we have Dbfs Databricks File System facility here, uh, it allows us to mount. Your storage account and container from your cloud storage and use it for storing your data. But that's not the recommended approach. We don't use it due to lack of fine grained access control capabilities. So, uh, that's all for this lecture. And we will learn the recommended approach for setting up your storage layer in the following section. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.