In this lesson, I'm going to take you through some of the SQL fundamentals. So if you are already familiar with SQL, please skip this lesson and move on to the next one. So what I have already done is I have created this notebook under our demo folder that we have in our project, and that has got the default language of SQL. So let's assume that you are a data analyst and you've got no knowledge about the data available within this project. So you would look to see what's available. So the first thing you would do is normally you list all your databases. So that is the show database command which is going to give you all the databases. So we got the raw data here. We got the ingested or the process data here. And we got the fully processed data or the transformed data within our presentation layer ready for presentation. So let's assume that we want to look at all the data that's been ingested. So in order to do that, you need to list all the tables in your f1_processed database name. So we talked about this before. We have the concept of current database in Spark, and the current database generally is the default database. So in order to switch the current database to something else, you can use the command USE. So now I want to switch to f1_processed then that is the command you would use. So to see the tables in your f1_processed database, which is your current database, you do show tables and then the list to all the tables. So as an analyst, you now you find out that actually you have access to these data and you can do what you want to do. Let's assume that I want to look at the driver's data. In order to do that, we can run this select command. We have done some of these before, but I'm going to just quickly talk you through. So in order to select data from drivers, you can do SELECT * to list all the columns. So SELECT * from the table name. So you could qualify that with the database name, or you can just put drivers because we have set the current database as f1_processed. As I said before, my preference is normally to put the database name dot the table name, when I'm writing any scripts for the project, because it's obvious where the data is coming from. So let's do SELECT * from drivers. This is just a demo, so I've skipped the database name there. And these are the columns available and also this is the data. So if you didn't want to do a select from the table, you can also describe the table to see the list of columns. So if you do just DESC drivers, it's going to give you the list of column names and the data types. And if the columns were given any comments, then you can see those as well actually. So this is quite useful in order to see data types and things like that. So let's say we have now got the data selected here. In the case of databricks, it limits the number of records to 1000, but some of the other tools don't do that. So one of the things you want to know is when you just looking at the data, you don't want to be listing everything. So you can say, I want to limit the number of records being shown to 10, for example. Then it will just give you the 10 records. So this is quite handy to do if you're using another IDE to query the data. But within Databricks, it automatically limits that to 1000 records being displayed. So it's not a problem. Otherwise you'll just run out of memory and things like that. So let's say actually we want to do something more to this. So we want to find all the drivers whose nationality is British, for example. So you would come in here and then you would have to write a WHERE clause. This is exactly the same as the filters we used in Spark dataframes. You would say nationality equals, and then within a single quote or a double quote, you say British. And that should list all the drivers whose nationality is British. So the sport has had more British drivers, It's got 165 records here. You can add further filters to this data. For example, if you wanted to see the drivers who were born after the year 1990, you can say, and date of birth greater than or equal to say, 1990-01-01, which is 1st January 1990 that will pull out the drivers who were born after 1st January 1990. So you can see them here, I think Lando Norris being the youngest one here. So we have used SELECT * here. But instead, if you wanted to select a few column names, you can do that as well. So, for example, you want to get the name and just the date of birth there, you would just do that. And you just get the name and the date of birth. And if you wanted to rename a column when you selecting, you can say as for example, this is the date of birth and that will rename the column for you. And similar to dataframes, you can order the output that's coming out. For example, if you wanted to order by the date of birth, you would just say ORDER BY, I just do that. And you say date of birth. So by default, you're going to have the data ordered by ascending. So you've got the smallest number on the top and the biggest number at the bottom. But if you wanted to see the drivers in the order of the one being the youngest, you would do DESC descending. And that gives you Lando Norris on the top and then George Russell and things like that, actually. So. So that's how the ORDER BY works. If you wanted to order by multiple columns, you just list the columns in the order by and the order as well. So whether it's ascending or descending, so let's do that. So if I did SELECT * from drivers, then it would list all the drivers. But if, for example, you wanted to order by their nationality, and also you wanted to order by their date of birth descending like we did before. You would just do that. So in here, nationality is assumed to be ascending, but if you want it to be explicit, you can just do ASC as well. So let's run this command. As you can see, the American driver is on the top based on their date of birth descending. So. And when you go down, you'll see the others as well. So there are plenty of American drivers and you've got Australian and Argentinian drivers as well. One more thing I want to teach you before we finish this lesson. So in the last example, we used the AND condition in your clause. But you can use OR conditions as well, as well as you can add many nested conditions as well. So let's say we want to get all the drivers where the nationality is British and the date of birth greater than 1990 or Indian drivers, but immaterial of what their date of birth is we want to get them as well. In that case, you would put these in brackets, so that means this is like one condition evaluated to true or false. And then you add your OR condition. So you can just do it here. And then I'm going to say, and nationality is equal to Indian. So that should bring back all the British drivers who were born on or after 1st January 1990 and any Indian drivers as well. So let's put the nationality as well. So it will make a bit more sense when we look at the data. So we got all the British drivers here and then you've got the two Indian drivers, but they were not born after 1990, but we still wanted to see them as well in this list. So that's how you can add your OR conditions as well into your WHERE clause, you can go as complex as you like to be. But this is how it works. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see in the next one where we will look at some functions. See you then.