In this lesson, we're going to look at SQL functions. As you can see, I've created a new notebook sql functions demo with the default language of SQL, and I've also run the statement here, USE f1_processed to set the current database as f1_processed. Before we start using functions, I would like to quickly show you the documentation, because there are a lot of functions available and we're only cover a handful of those. So if you come to the Spark documentation or the PySpark documentation under the API documentation, you've got SQL built-in functions. And as you can see, there are plenty of functions available that will make your life a lot easier when you come to do any kind of calculations or any kind of manipulations of the data. But we will use a few of those, as you can see, most functions will have a brief description of what they are and an example. So the description should help you when you come to use it. But if not, I would encourage you to just write your own statements and test it, and then you can learn from that as well, because some of them have got a very cryptic description for those, and that might not be enough for you to understand it fully. So let's switch back to our notebook. Similar to the data frames, you've got the scalar functions and aggregate functions as well as you've got the window function. So let's start with a simple scalar function. So I'm going to do a SELCT *  from drivers table, that's the one we've been seeing so far. And let's say we want to concatenate two fields, the driver reference and the code. And we want to have a hyphen in between those two. And we'll call that as something different. In order to do that, we can use a function called CONCAT. CONCAT takes a number of arguments and then just concatenate all of those together for you. So in our case, we want to send in the field driver reference. And then we want to have a literal value of hyphen, and then we want to send in the other field code and then the concatenated value to be output. So let's say we want to call this one as new driver reference. And now the output should have that new driver reference as well. So as you can see, we got Hamilton with Ham as the code. We got the new driver references. Hamilton-HAM. But the interesting thing with this is it's going to work on each record. So it's not going to increase the number of records. We had 853 rows before, and we still have the 853 records. Let's say we want to do something slightly different, which is to split out the names into surnames and forenames. So in order to do that, you can use a function called SPLIT. So this function SPLIT will take in a string, that is our name. And then you can say, I want to split it based on this character. So it's going to split name based on the character space. So that'll give you two words, Lewis and Hamilton in this example we're saying. So let's run that first. So as you can see, you've got an output which is an array, and that's got the first element as Louis and the second element as Hamilton. So each one has been split out like that. And if you want to take only the first two and name them as separate fields, you can do square brackets and then access the first array element, which is zero, and then call that one as forename, and then you can do the same thing and call the next one as the surname as well. So that will be index as 1, and then this is going to be called surname. And now we'll see the forename and the surname being split out as well. Again, we've got the 853 records. Nothing has changed. So it's working on that individual record and then adding the new fields as you go along. And there are a lot of functions Spark office which will help you work with dates and timestamps. If you remember, we use the current timestamp to populate the ingestion date when we did the dataframes. So the same exact function is available here and that will be current timestamp. So you do SELCT  *, current timestamp, you're going to get the current timestamp from the system. So we're working on the 10th of June 2021. So that's why you're seeing this value as 10th of June 2021. You can alias that and then the field name will be different. And next, for example, you want to change the date format of the date of birth from yyyy mm dd to dd mm yy, you can use the function called date format. So that would be a date format here, and then you would put the date of birth field and then you specify which format you want. So I'm going to go for dd-mm - y yy. And now we should get the date of birth in a different format. So as you can see, 07-01-1985 is Hamilton's date of birth now, rather than the 1985-01-07 and this is not a valid scenario, but if you wanted to add a day to everybody's date of birth, you can use the function called date add, and then you just specify the number of days. So that will be say number 1, his date of birth is going to be moved up by a day. So that's what's happened. But if you come over to the documentation and then look for date, you're going to find a lot of them. So you've got the current date, current timestamp, time zones, date, date add, date format and plenty of functions here, which you can use when you come to manipulate the data.