Let's now look at some aggregate functions. We've seen some of these before, so we did a count. So that was SELECT COUNT * from a table, which was drivers. And that gave us 853 records. And similarly, if you wanted to look at the max date of birth of a driver, for example, you could just say max dob, and then that's going to give you the youngest driver there with the date of birth of 2000-05-11, Let's see who that driver is, you could just do a SELECT, So that's the new Japanese driver on the grid, Yuki Tsunoda. So you can use a number of aggregate functions like this, for example, if you wanted to see the number of British drivers in formula1, you could just say SELECT COUNT * from drivers WHERE nationality equals British. And that would give you the number of British drivers, that's 165. But having said that, this is not what you would normally want to do, you would want to have the list of drivers against each nationality. So that's where we have the group by statement that comes in. We've seen how group by works within dataframes and it's exactly the same manner it works within SQL as well. What you do is you just say, I want the nationality, and the count by nationality. So in order to say I want the count by nationality, you have to use the GROUP BY statement. So. So what this is going to give you is the nationality and the count of drivers per nationality as well. So let's execute that one, that's going to give you each nationality and the count here, you can use your ORDER BY for example, if you wanted to order by the drivers based on their nationality, you've got the order there as well. And if you wanted to group by multiple fields, you would just keep adding those fields here as well as in this select statement, and then it'll work for you. If, for example, you wanted to get the countries which have got, say, more than 100 drivers driven in formula1, you've got an interesting class called Having, so you can say the same statement, but you would say HAVING COUNT * in this case greater than 1, you can use any aggregate function here that you're using here as well. So in this case, we're saying select from the drivers where the, count per nationality is greater than that number, I'm going to go for 100. There might be only a few countries, so that is just American and British drivers. So that's how the GROUP BY and the HAVING clause works in relation to the aggregate functions. So the thing to remember is if you just run an aggregate function like we did before on the count, you're going to get one only one record. If I did a max, you're going to get only one record. Count is going to give you only one record unless you have a GROUP BY clause. When you do a GROUP BY clause, the counts are the aggregations are per nationality in this case, but per item from that field is what's going to happen. And the HAVING clause lets you restrict the data based on the aggregate function. So that's pretty much everything about the aggregate functions, but there are plenty of aggregate functions available in the documentation. And whenever you need one, just come and have a look here. You can search this documentation as well. But for example, if I wanted to look at the min function, I could just do min. But on min you've got a multiple functions. The standard min function is here and you get help for that as well. So that returns the minimum value of that expression being sent in. So in this case it's going to be select minimum of that column value. Let's next look at Window Functions. Window Functions work very similar to the window functions that we've seen in Spark dataframes. Let's switch to the documentation first and let's look for rank, because that's the one we saw in dataframes. And as you can see here, the window function expects two things, which is PARTITION BY and the ORDER BY. This is the rank function they using, and for the rank function, you want to tell it what to partition the data by and how to order the data by. So let's say if we wanted to order by the date of birth, so we want to rank the youngest drivers on the top. So it runs from number 1, for example. And then we want to partition the data by nationality so the rank is applied within the nationality. So if you take this example, the American drivers go from 1 to 157 and then when it goes to British drivers, it goes starts again from number 1. So in order to do that, we need the select statement and the data is going to be read from driver's table because we're doing nationality, let's print the nationality, let's print the name of the driver, and let's get the date of birth of the driver. And then we do the rank, so RANK OVER, and then we want to specify the PARTITION BY, as we said, we want to partition the data by nationality because we want the rank to reset after every nationality and the rank is within the nationality. And then we want to ORDER BY the date of birth. So in this case, we want to do descending because we want to rank the youngest driver as number 1 and the older one as the whatever the highest number is coming out in that partition. And let's call this one as age rank and just so we can see the data properly. Let's ORDER BY, nationality and then let's do the age rank as well. So that means we want to see the data in the order they come and we're going to run this one. Let's see what's coming out. So as you can see, we got the American drivers and he's the 1991 date of birth, and he's ranked at number one, 1983 number two and things like that. And then when we come to, for example, Australian, the rank should have reset. So let me find that one. So you've got Daniel Ricciardo is number one, he is born in 1989 and then you've got Mark Webber after that and things like that. So again, it runs and you've got Brazilian drivers and you've got the British ones and the rank should start again from number one and Lando Norris should be the number one here, because he's the youngest driver. So. So that's how you do the RANK. But there are a number of functions you can use. So you've got the dense rank, you've got the row number, you've got plenty of window functions you can use within SQL. So it's quite easy to write as well when you come to do it within SQL. That's the end of this lesson. And I'll see you in the next one.