In this lesson, we are going to look at joins in SQL, very similar to what we've seen in dataframe joins. We get the same types of joins offered within SQL as well. So this page gives you the joins available within SQL. As we've seen in the example of DataFrame, we got the Inner Join, Left Join, Right Join, Full Join, Cross Join, Semi and Anti Joins. And there are examples here as well. But I'm going to walk you through each one of those anyway in this notebook. So in order to get started, I've created a new notebook called SQL Joins Demo. It went under the demo folder again and we're going to use the driver standings table, which we created as part of our Spark work, and that is in the f1_presentation database, as you know. And the structure of the table looks like this. We got the race year, driver name, nationality, team, total points, wins and we added a new field called Rank as well. So he's ranked. So every driver exists in this table for each of the years. So for 2018 there will be one entry for the driver and 2019 another entry and things like that. And we'll have the number of wins and the number of total points and the rank for that year for the driver as well. So what I have done is because in order to do joins, we need more than one table. I have created two views here. They are temporary views as we've seen previously, and that's going to have the same data from the driver standings for the race year 2018 in one of the views and 2020 in another view. So let's just do a quick select from this table just to see what's in the view, so that you know what you're working with. So this view has got 20 records, because 20 drivers raced in 2018 and we've got the ranks for each one of them as well, so Lewis Hamilton's number one, Vettel's number two and things like that. And similarly, we can do the same for the 2020 and 2020 may have more records because we had more cars. So 24 drivers in 2020 and 20 drivers in 2018. And one thing you may notice is some of the drivers who raced in 2018 didn't race in 2020. Similarly, 2020 had some new drivers, they didn't exist in 2018 as well. So we're going to start with the Inner Join. So let's join the two tables. In order to do that, we need them in the FROM clause. I don't want to type in the long table names every time, so I'm going to alias the table name here with d_2018 and I'm going to join that table to 2020. And again, I'm going to alias that table with 2020 and we need an ON clause join on the condition and that is going to be the driver name. So d_2018.driver name = d_2020.driver name. So the joins are done. So now we need to select the data. So let's do that. And we've selected data from both tables. As you can see, the column names are repeated. So the ones on the left are from 2018 and the ones on the right are 2020. First thing you may have noticed is we only have 15 records. We had 24 for 2020 and 20 for 2018. As I said, some drivers didn't race on 2018 or 2020. And Inner Join will give you output only when the conditions are satisfied on both tables. So in this case, what you got here is the 15 drivers who raised on both races. So you won't see any nulls anywhere and all of them raced on both of them. So it's an interesting join here. As you can see, Hamilton's been number 1 on both, but Vettel dropped from number 2 to number 13 in 2020, because Ferrari were doing poorly and Raikkonen went from number 3 ranked to number 16, that's because he switched teams. He went from Ferrari to Alfa Romeo. But we're not doing analysis here. We just want to understand how the joins worked. So this is how it works and the next thing we want to do is to do the Left Join. Now you may be wondering how to get all the drivers from 2018 immaterial of whether they raced in 2020 or not. So we could have nulls for the 2020 fields, but we want to see them for 2018, for all of those drivers, that's where the Left Join comes in. I'm going to copy and paste that one. It's very simple. All you have to do is change the join to Left Join. And as you can see, we got 20 records because 2018 had 20 records. If you scroll down, you're going to see some of the drivers who wouldn't have any entries in 2020. As you can see, Alonso dropped out of Formula1 before 2020, so he doesn't have any information for 2020, 2018 he raced for McLaren. And there will be other three drivers as well. So we got Vandoorne, Ericsson and also Hartley, all of them and also Sirotkin. So all of those drivers, they race for 2018, but they didn't race in 2020. So those are the five drivers, out of the 20 who didn't race in 2020. And now the question would be, what if we want to get everyone who raced in 2020 and then we get the information for them in 2018 if they raced otherwise, we just want to see nulls, so we want to list all the 24 drivers with the data for 2020, but for 2018 we could have nulls. So that's where Right Outer Join comes in. Again, we just need to change the Left to Right. You can also use Right Outer Join here if you wanted to, but you don't really have to, it's the same thing. And when you do this, you're going to see the 24 records. So you've got the 24 records. We've had a new driver, Alexander Albon who raced for Red Bull, he was not in Formula1 in 2018. And similarly, you are going to see a lot more drivers here. So you've got Daniil Kvyat, Giovinazzi, George Russell, all of those drivers. So that's how the Right Outer Join works. But the question now comes we want to see all drivers who raced either in 2018 or 2019, but we want to see their data for 2018 if they race by 2018 with the nulls for 2020 and vice versa. So in that case, we need to use the Full Outer Join. So again, we just have to go for the Full Join here and that's going to give you everybody. So we've got 29 records and that would have everyone who is raced in either one of those races. So the first record itself, Alexandra Albon, he raced in 2020, but not in 2018. Similarly, you're going to see other drivers who raced in 2018. Fernando Alonso, he didn't race in 2020 and all of those. It's a superset of both of them basically. And now we got a few other joins which are less frequently used. So the first one is the Semi Join. I said this before, I don't use this often. It's basically an Inner Join with only the data from the left table. So let me explain what I mean by that. So this is a Semi Join, if I run this one, I'm only going to get data from the left side of the join, which is this table, so that's all the 2018 columns. You're not going to see the 2020 columns. And also you only have the data from the 2018, which is 20 records with the five drivers, who didn't race for the 2020 race has been excluded. So if you want to visualize it, it is an Inner Join, but you get the data from one the left table of the join. So this is 15 records, if we go back to our Inner Join, you're going to see those 15 records. So you've got the 15 records, but here you've got both table columns being listed. But whereas in the Semi Join, you'll only see the left table being listed. So the next one we've got here is the Anti Join. This one is quite useful. Let me show you how that works. So this table gives you the five records which didn't come here. So if you wanted to find out the drivers who raced in 2018, but not in 2020, you're going to see them here. So these are the 2018 drivers, but they didn't have a race in 2020. So this is quite useful when you want to find out the drivers who raced in 2018, but not in 2020 kind of scenarios. So the last one we want to talk about is the Cross Join. Again, I don't use this. This is going to give you a Cartesian product. So basically, you're going to get every single record from the Left Join to the right table of the join. So if I do a Cross Join, we don't need the join condition because we're going to do a join of the two tables here. And if I run this one, you're going to get 20 times 24 and that is 480 records. So the left had 20 records and the right had 24 records, and you're joining everything. So, for example, the first record from the left is Lewis Hamilton. That's going to appear 20 times with everybody else on the other side. This is not quite useful at all really in this scenario, but you may find it useful in scenarios where you want to join a very small dimension with a few records to a fact table and multiply the data. But here, having Lewis Hamilton repeated 20 times and joined to everybody else on that side is not really useful for us. So that's all the joins. So just to recap, we got the Inner Join, which will join the two tables on the condition and give you only the matching records and left will join to the right, but you'll get everything from the left and the values from the right if they are matched, otherwise you get nulls. But in the case of Right, it's the other way round to the left you get everything from right and the matching data from left and Full Outer Join is like a superset of both of them and the Semi Join is similar to a Inner Join, except that the columns are limited but the records are same as the Inner Join and the Anti Join is where actually you get everything which is in left but not in right. And the Cross Join is everything from Left Join to the right and you get a Cartesian product of the two. I hope now you've got a good understanding of joins and also how SQL works in Spark. And as I said before, this is not a SQL course, so I've given you enough information, but you will have a lot more to learn by looking at the documentation. But this should give you enough to get you going with the course. So I'll see in the next lesson.