All right. So let's take a look at some of those bucket defaults that we saw when we were creating the bucket. So I'm going to open up our Amazon S3 Deepdive bucket here. And then what we're going to do is we're going to look at the properties first. And we can see that we have bucket versioning that is not enabled or disabled right here. And we have our default encryption which is one of those defaults. And we also are going to have our block public access. But that's going to be underneath of our permissions tab right here. All right. So we'll go over bucket versioning later. Let's look at our default encryption. Now we're going to go over encryption in detail later on in the Protecting your Data section. But let's click on edit here and look at these settings. Now as I mentioned in the lecture all new buckets will automatically have SSL S3 encryption enabled. That means any time you upload an object, it's going to be automatically encrypted at rest using ssc, S3. Now you can change the defaults here. So if you decide that you're going to change the encryption type again we're working with default encryption. If you want KMS, what we can do is either choose an existing KMS key or we can enter a KMS key Arn. Now, the reason you can enter an Arn here is because a lot of organizations like to centralize the creation of their KMS keys into a security account, and then that KMS key is shared with this account. So that gives you the option to enter the Arn if it lives in another account and use a key that lives somewhere else. But in this case, we're going to use a key that exists in this account. So I'm going to choose from your existing keys. I'm going to drop this down and I'm going to choose this one right here. And it was called S3 Production Data. This is the Arn of our KMS key that we want to use to encrypt all of our objects moving forward. Now we have this bucket key. And this bucket key is going to allow us to reduce how often S3 actually reaches out to the KMS service. Now, if you know anything about the KMS service, you are charged by the key. You're also charged by the request, right? And of course, and of course you get X amount of requests for free per month. But as you go over that you may be charged. So by using a bucket key what S3 does is it goes and generates a data key from your KMS key. And it stores that temporarily in your bucket. And it uses that data key in order to encrypt all the objects. And so by doing so, that reduces your encryption costs by lowering the number of requests that it sends to KMS in order to encrypt and decrypt your objects. So just an easy way to reduce your cost. If you're putting, you know, thousands or millions of objects inside of your bucket, well, you can reduce your costs by using a bucket key. So again, we're going to change our default encryption rather than using our standard SSC, Dash S3. We're going to go ahead and change it to SS Dash kms. And we're going to choose our key here. So I'm going to click on Save Changes. And now if we scroll down here we go. We have our default encryption in. Now it's KMS. And now here's the key that we're going to use. All right. So that's one of the defaults that we can change in our bucket. Now the other one is going to be the S3 block public access. And that's going to be under the permissions tab here. All right. So if you go down it's right here block public access bucket settings. Right. So in this configuration we are setting it on the actual bucket. We're not setting it on the account or anything like that. So here we would do edit. And we can make a change right. Do we want to block all public access. If you do choose that one of course it grays out the other four options for you. If you want to be able to pick and choose what you want, you can definitely do that as well. All right. So uncheck that. You can check what you want right. So okay I want to block it from ACLs. But maybe later we're going to use a bucket policy to make something public. So maybe you don't want to check those. Now in this case this is not going to be a public bucket. So we're not going to modify anything. And we're going to go ahead and just save changes to keep the same changes. Right. We didn't really change anything. So I'm going to type in confirm. Now what we can do is we'll make that change back at our public bucket. So go into our public bucket permissions. And ultimately down the road we're going to make some objects public in this bucket. So I'll choose edit I'm going to uncheck this. And we are going to use bucket policies down the road. So I'll go ahead and block everything through ACLs. But I will allow objects or the entire bucket to be public through a bucket policy instead of an ACL. So I'm going to uncheck that one. I'm going to leave these two checked because we're not going to use ACLs. And I'm going to go ahead and hit save changes. And we're going to confirm those changes. And I like these warnings right? This may result in some objects becoming public. AWS is doing everything it can to warn you that you may inadvertently make data public, just because of all the problems with data leaking from making objects and buckets public. Now, if you go down here, block public access off, write really big in red, right? It's warning you that you may have objects that can be public. If you go back to objects, of course, we don't have anything in here. If you go back to buckets, right. And we refresh here, we still have buckets and objects, not public, because we haven't set a bucket policy to permit any objects to be public. Right. We don't even have objects in that bucket yet. Again, you're going to see this change down the road as we make objects and maybe even the entire bucket public. Again, warnings all over the place just to ensure that you understand that objects can be public and they may be accessible by anybody on the internet. So again, those are two defaults our encryption settings and our block public access.