All right. In this quick demo, I want to just showcase how we can go ahead and work with files and buckets when we're working inside the Amazon S3 console. So again, I've got our console here. Let's go ahead and create a brand new bucket that we can work with. And let's just call this Brian Crowson. Delete this bucket. All right, So we're just going to leave everything else the same. Do create bucket. All right. So now we have this new bucket right here. All right. Let's go ahead and grab some objects and we'll go ahead and put them inside of this bucket. So I'm going to go over here and just grab a couple random things and drag them over here and upload these files. All right. We don't care what storage class or anything like that that they are in. So we've got a couple objects inside of our bucket. Now, if we go back to buckets here and I click on this bucket and I say, delete this bucket, cool. It says, This bucket is not empty, right? Buckets must be empty before they can be deleted. So you can either click this button here to empty the bucket or I'll showcase how you can do it on here. So you click the bucket and you simply choose empty right here. And then it says, Emptying the bucket deletes all objects. Yes, that's what we want to do. All right. So we'll type in permanently delete as requested. So once you type in that, you can see the empty button comes up, click on Empty and it's going to delete our objects. All right, so we can exit out of here. Now, if we click our bucket and say delete, now we can actually delete our bucket. All right, so we're going to type in our bucket name, delete this bucket, and then the option comes up, delete bucket, and it's gone. All right. So I just wanted to showcase how to empty your bucket, right? If you have objects inside of a bucket and you want to get rid of that bucket, you can obviously delete it. Remember the implications of emptying and deleting. So if you empty the bucket, you simply delete everything, but you keep the bucket name, The bucket stays there, but it's empty. If you delete the bucket, well, somebody could come behind you and actually get that same name if you wanted to keep that name. All right. So it may be best for you just to empty the bucket. So if you have a bucket that doesn't have any objects in there, it doesn't cost you anything just to keep this name in here. All right. So if you want to keep that name, just go ahead and empty it. Maintain the bucket, empty in your account. And of course, you can use it later. So this may be handy if you're using applications and you have configured some apps to point to a specific bucket or some CI CD pipelines or something like that, you can simply keep the name and then when you drop objects inside of that bucket, then you can obviously have your application or your pipeline continue to use that same bucket.