All right, let's work on uploading some objects to our bucket. So we've got our Amazon S3 dive bucket here. So I'm going to click into it and you can see we have no objects in this bucket yet, right? We just created this bucket. Now we have a few options in order to upload objects to our bucket. Now the first one is obviously click this big yellow button here or this white button right in the middle and we can select objects that we want to add. All right. So if I click on Add files here, it's going to open up a browser to view the files on my local desktop. Now I've got a folder that I've created called Amazon S3 and I've got a bunch of files that I want to upload into my bucket. All right, so I'm going to choose most of them here or some of them. So I'm going to click on Open and you're going to see all these files get uploaded. So we have selected seven files, 34 Meg. So of course the destination is going to be our bucket, the properties again, we can look at our storage class down here. I'm going to leave it as standard and I'm going to leave everything else as is. So we're going to click on upload here. You're going to see across the top where it says total remaining. It's moving our data from my local machine up to AWS into S3 here. You can see down here everything's succeeded except for our larger file, which is actually some data that it pulled down from the Internet based upon electric vehicle data. So you can see it's uploading. Right now it's in progress. It's about 50%. So it should take another, I don't know, 15 seconds to wrap that up here. So as it's uploading, we'll be able to see the success of all these files. You'll be able to see the status as it goes across. And of course we just hit 100% upload, succeeded, uploaded all of our files. Now what we can do is scroll up and we can hit this close. And now inside of our bucket, you can see, hey, there are all of our files. Now you can see the type of file you can see when it was modified. You can see the size of each file. And of course, you can see the storage class. Now, that's not the only way that we can upload our data. We can also simply drag and drop from our desktop. So over here I've got my desktop right here. I'm just going to move that over to my other screen, but I can grab another file over there and just pull that over and drop it right on here. It shows S3 bucket dot PNG. I'm going to scroll down, hit upload and there we go. We've uploaded another file and this was the file that we just uploaded right here. All right. So you can either click on upload and select the files that you want or you can simply drag and drop. Now, the other thing that I wanted to showcase is how you can do this using the CLI. Now the CLI has a cool command called AWS S3 Sync and what it's going to do is going to sync all the files that are in the current directory of where you're at over to your bucket. All right. So you can see in this instance I have eight objects inside of this bucket and if I pull this back over, there are I don't know, I'm going to guess, you know, 12 to 15 objects in here. And so we don't we haven't moved everything from here over into our bucket. So we're going to do that using the CLI. All right. So the directory that I'm at right now is P.w.d. users, BC Desktop and Amazon S3 That's the folder that I was showing you before the directory with the files. So what we can do is do AWS S3 and then type in sync. And if we put a dot, that means we're going to move everything over, right? Sync everything from our local directory over to our bucket. And it's only going to sync the files that are not already in our bucket. So then we can choose our bucket. S3 Colon slash, slash. And our bucket name was Amazon S3 Deep dive. All right. And then we hit enter here. It's going to sync all of our files so you can see that the files that we had already put up there are not actually being moved. Right. It only moved. One, two, three, four, five, six files. Actually, this dot, this directory, we don't have to worry about that. But it moved five other files. Right. We had about 15 files, but we had moved around ten of them in there already or eight, I think it was. All right. So you can see that it has synced everything from our directory up into our bucket. So if we go back over here and then we scroll down to objects and then we can click on refresh right here, you can see now we have 14 objects. So just by using the AWS S3 sync, it's a super handy way if we're working in a directory and we want to constantly update or replace some files that live up in our S3 bucket, we can easily sync them to our S3 bucket using the AWS S3 Sync. All right, so multiple ways to get objects into our bucket. Of course, this is a simple way. You can obviously use CLI or the API or something else, but obviously you can use the UI like we did using the upload button. You can drag and drop or you can use the CLI as I demonstrated.