So I do want to talk about multi-part uploads just a little bit deeper here, because this is a deep dive course I want to share. We go into it in detail. So this multi-part upload API allows us to upload a single large object that can be up to five terabytes in size because that's our maximum size for our bucket. It is an increase from the limits we talked about earlier and it can accommodate extremely large data files, maybe that database backup file or maybe some video files or something like that that are very large. An added advantage of multi-part uploads is that parts of a single object can be uploaded independently in any order and in parallel. So this not only provides a more flexible upload process, but it also potentially speeds up the upload of very large files so it improves efficiency for your organization. So to kind of wrap it up, the multi-part upload API operation in S3 is really like this powerful tool for handling very, very large files for you. Again, enables parallel uploads and out of order uploads, it allows for efficient and flexible data management, even when you're dealing with extremely large files here, some of the advantages of multi-part uploads. Well, we have improved throughput. We can upload parts in parallel and improve our throughput when we are uploading our data into Amazon S3, we have quick recovery from any network issues. So smaller part sizes minimizes the impact of restarting a failed upload due to a network error. So we can simply restart and we don't have to upload data that was already uploaded. We have the ability to pause and resume object upload so we can upload parts over time so we don't have to worry about uploading that one big object at once. We can upload pieces and parts as we need. And finally you can begin an upload before you even know the object size. As you're creating the file, we can simply upload the file as we're creating it. And ultimately when we're finished, we wrap up the multi-part upload, we wrap up the last part and then we have all of our data up in Amazon. S3 So what does this actually look like? Well, we have our large file over here on the left. We're going to split the file into smaller parts. We're going to send all those different parts in parallel, maybe at different times. We can pause, we can restart whatever. We can send all those to S3 Ultimately, all of those parts in S3 are going to be rejoined and ultimately we are left with our very large object living in our S3 bucket. So that's what this kind of looks like.