All right. Now that we have objects inside of our Amazon S3 bucket, let's learn how we can go retrieve some of those objects. Now, obviously, we can simply do it by using the UI. So if I go into our bucket that we added all of our files here, well, I can simply go into one of these files and click on this S3 bucket logo here. Now, at the top here, we have all those links that we talked about in our lecture. We have the S3 Uri, we have our Arn for this particular object and we have our object URL. Now, the first thing I want to point out is since this bucket is not publicly accessible, if I click on this link here, we're going to get an access denied. So click on the link and you can see right here, access denied. Now, again, that's because my browser is trying to go across the Internet in order to access our bucket, right? We're hitting the public IP address for that particular object. And of course it's access denied because I did not make that public. So if we go back here, one way that we can do it is simply at the top here. We can click on download, so I can click on download and you can see at the top it downloaded right in my browser super easy. Now of course, if I click on this open button up here at the top, well, it's going to go ahead and open our object because we are authenticated into Amazon S3 and then we have permission to view this object directly. All right. So we can actually see this bucket here. Now, if we go back here again, the arn, if we need the arn, and if we're working with particular AWS services that want the S3 Uri and this is what we would want to provide it. All right. So if we were working inside of, say, an EC2 instance or something like that, or we're working with an EC2 instance that we're using the AWS CLI, this is the Uri that we would use to access that particular object inside of our bucket. So if we scroll down here, you can see more information specifically about our object. You can see what storage class it lives in right here. So standard, you can see the default encryption configuration. So this one is again the SSC KMS that we set up in a previous video. And you can actually see the key that this particular object is encrypted with. So you can see that we don't have tags defined, any checksums, object lock or anything like that configured for this particular object. Now if you look at permissions on here, you can see the ACL for this particular object. And since we have object ownership enabled on our bucket, we're not going to use ACLs to provide any permissions. If we go over to versions, well, we can see that because we don't have versioning enabled, we don't have any versions, right? So we will enable versioning when we talk about that in the course and then we'll be able to see multiple versions of this particular object. Now the other thing I want to showcase is how we can get objects using the CLI. So if I go over here, here's my desktop, here are all my objects that are inside of my bucket that we use the sync command before. And if I go over here you can see that we have the CLI now we can use the CLI to get objects from our bucket. So what I'm going to do first is make a new directory and I'm going to call that images and then I'm going to CD into images. So we have a new directory and if I do an LS, you can see there's nothing there. All right, so we have a new directory. All right, So what we're going to do is do an AWS S3 CP for copy. And what we're going to do is provide our source. So our source is going to be our bucket. S3 Colon slash, slash, Amazon S3 Deepdyve Cool. That's where our files live. Now. We're already in the directory of where we want to copy those files, so I'm just going to put a dot here. All right? So if you need it in another directory, you would put the other directory right here and we want to do a recursive lookup against all of our objects. So I'm going to do dash dash recursive. And now we're going to do two things. The first thing I'm going to do is do an exclude and we're going to tell it. We want to exclude everything, which kind of sounds weird. However, what we're also going to do is do a dash dash include and we're only going to include our files that are star dot PNG. All right. So at first we want to exclude all files but only include files that are star dot PNG. Right? We only want our images that end in PNG. So again, AWS S3 CP for copy. Our source is our bucket here. Our dot represents the local directory of where we want to store our files. In this case, we're already in that directory. We want to do a recursive query. We're going to exclude everything except we're going to include all PNG. All right, so I hit enter here. It's going to download all of our files and notice that the files that downloaded are only PNG right? S3 Bucket PNG, Avatar PNG S3 bucket with objects png. Right. So it only downloaded our images from our bucket the end with PNG. All right. So we go back to our bucket here. Again, here's our main directory. If I go into images, there we go. We can see that we only have objects that end in PNG because we put that query on there that says only download those particular objects. So that showcases multiple ways that we can download and access our objects that are stored inside of our S3 bucket. Again, we can do it directly in the AWS management console. We can do it in the AWS CLI. And of course if you're using the API, you can access your objects like that as well.