In this section, we're going to quickly dive into object tagging and understand how we can use tags on all of our objects. Now object tagging in S3 is really a way to organize and label all of your stored data. It can help you categorize your files based upon different criteria like projects, teams, or types of data. For example, you can tag files as Project A or marketing team to easily find and manage them later. Object tagging also allows you to control who can access certain files by assigning tags for access permissions. Now, additionally, you can also use special tags called cost allocation tags to keep track of how much you're spending on different projects or departments based upon the amount of data that you're storing in S3. Now, this can help with budgeting and billing. Now we'll dive into more detail on cost allocation tags in the cost management section later in the course. But overall, object tagging in S3 makes it a lot easier to find, manage and control all of your data in a really simple and organized way. Tags in S3 are made up of simple key value pairs that are assigned to objects. A tag is going to consist of two parts the key and a corresponding value. Now the key is like a category or a name, while the value is a specific information that's going to be associated with that category. For example, you can have a tag with, say, department and a value of finance to indicate that a file belongs to the finance department. Now, tags are going to provide a flexible and a really straightforward way to add information to your objects and help you organize and manage your data more effectively. So, for example, on the screen here, there are three different objects inside of our bucket. We have customer list PDF, we have index.html and we have leadership dot PNG, which may be a picture of our leadership team. Each one of these has a key name of course inside of our bucket, but each one of these has been assigned multiple tags and you can see customer list is assigned with confidential equals. True PII equals true. It can be true or false. It could be any value their index.html. Public true owner equals dev. Maybe that's the dev team that owns that particular file. However, the cost may be associated with the marketing team because it's associated with our public website. And finally, the leadership may have confidential equals false because well, we may not care. We may want people to see our leadership team and the project that that leadership file is associated with, maybe our website. Each one of these has a specific key name, of course. And now we've added tags to each one of these objects so we can easily identify and sort them based upon this additional data. Now in S3, objects can have up to ten tags each. Each tag is going to consist of that key value pair. Now each key must be unique within an object. So this means you can assign multiple tags with the same key to a single object. However, different objects can have tags with the same key. The tag can be up to 128 characters in length, and this really allows for a descriptive and meaningful label. The tag value, on the other hand, can be up to 256 characters, and this provides a lot of space for relevant information about your object. Now, tags in Amazon S3 are case sensitive, so keep that in mind. And that means tags with the same characters, but different cases are considered different tags. So example department with a capital D and department with a lowercase D would actually be treated as two separate tags. Now you do have the flexibility to add tags during the upload process of objects, or you can easily modify existing objects to include one or more tags. Again, this allows you to organize and categorize your objects as needed, even after they've been uploaded to your S3 buckets. So one thing that we've already seen before is we have the option to filter based upon our prefixes. So here again, we have three different objects inside of our bucket. Key name is Amazon S3 Dive Customers, customer list dot PDF, and then we have our index dot HTML and we have our leadership dot PNG again. Now we've added prefixes. Notice that customer list is inside the customers prefix and index and leadership are within our website prefix. Now if we were to apply a filter on these objects and we were to look for just the objects that were inside of the website prefix, we would end up with index and leadership because only those two objects meet the filter of Amazon S3 Deepdive slash website. So that's one way we can filter our objects. Once we add tagging, we also add another way we can filter. Objects to get even more specific. So again, just like before, if we put a filter on Amazon S3 deep Dive website, we can filter by those. But also maybe we only want to get files or objects that are associated with the development team. So in this case, the object that would match is only our index.html. So we kind of have two different ways to figure out how we can either assign permissions or set up lifecycle policies or whatever based upon both prefixes and even get more specific using tags that are assigned to individual objects. So let's take a look at that and figure out how we can actually use lifecycle rules alongside of our tags. So say inside of our bucket, we've got a bunch of images. Maybe they're images from us taking vacation to different spots. Maybe we went to London, Grand Canyon and Cape Town. Again, these are all in the same bucket. And all these have been assigned to S3 Standard because maybe we're creating I don't know, a scrapbook or a video that includes all of our files, and we want immediate access to them. Say we're working on our video and we've already imported all of our images from our Capetown vacation. So we want to go ahead and move those over to another tier to save on costs. In this example, there's only five files shown here, but, you know, it could be thousands or millions in a project. So what we can do is actually create a lifecycle rule and says, okay, in this lifecycle rule, we want to apply this to the bucket called photos, but we only want to apply this to photos that have a tag of vacation and Cape Town. And what we want to do is we want to go ahead and move those files over to S3 Glacier, flexible retrieval. Well, whenever that lifecycle rule runs, of course, we're only going to get and move the files that are associated with the tag of vacation Cape Town. It will not impact our photos that are tagged with vacation London and vacation Grand Canyon. So again, we can use a lifecycle rule to not only move all the files inside of a bucket, but now we can be more specific using tags, we can say, okay, I only want these specific files with this specific tag to be impacted by our lifecycle rule. Another way we can use tags is we can provide access to our objects using tags. So this is an example that we'll see in our securing access to our data section. But this is a bucket policy that provides access to get objects inside of our bucket, but only get objects that have a tag of environment with a value of development. So if I were to apply this to the user, Brian, as indicated, then when Brian logs in to this account and tries to do a get object on all objects, it would actually be denied for objects that are not tagged with environment development. Brian would only be able to get access to objects that have environment and development as a tag. So again, another way we can use tags on our object to provide access control to our data that lives in S3 and this is the condition that we're talking about here. So if you have a lot of objects in your bucket and maybe you've been providing tags on those objects as you've been uploading them, and now that those files have been processed, maybe you want to go ahead and change those tags and maybe we're thinking about hundreds, thousands or even millions of objects. If it's just a few objects, maybe we can do that in the console or use a CLI or something like that. But if we're thinking about millions of objects that we want to update and replace the object tags on, well, what we can do is actually use S3 batch operations. So in S3 batch operations we can create a new job. We can say the input is our manifest of our inventory inside of our bucket. And during that process we can say, okay, in this batch operation job, I want to replace all the tags on the objects that have a tag of status draft. I want to change them now to status production. We can modify the tags across millions of objects and we would do that using an S3 batch operations job in order to perform that job across all those objects. So that's the gist of tagging on our objects. Again, we use it to really organize and sort our objects, but again, we can create lifecycle rules based upon those tags. We can apply access controls based upon those tags. And again, we can simply organize our data using those tags and it allows us to work with our data even easier. That's it On tags. We're going to jump into the console and we'll showcase a couple demos using tags on our objects.