All right. Welcome to this topic, where we are going to talk about a feature of Amazon S3 called Requester Pays. Now, Requester Pays is a feature that allows the owner of an S3 bucket to shift the data transfer and the request costs to the party that's accessing the data. All right. So this is quite a unique feature of Amazon S3 and honestly, I've never seen anybody use it, but I'm sure there are plenty of folks out there that do. So let's take a look here. All right. So what exactly is requester pay? Well, usually when we have data transferred from an S3 bucket, the bucket owner is going to, you know, bear the costs associated with that transfer. Now, there is a feature called Requester Pays that allows the bucket owner to shift all those data transfer requests to the user that is requesting the data. Right. And usually that's going to be in another account. Now, this feature is probably going to be pretty handy for you if you regularly share large volumes of data with partners and collaborators, instead of you having to pay for all that data transfer each time that your partners access the data, those costs are actually billed to the requester AWS account instead. Now, it's important to note that while requester pays takes care of the data transfer costs, the bucket owner is still responsible for the costs that are associated with storing that data inside the bucket itself. So that means even if your partners are paying for pulling the data from your bucket, you still pay for keeping that data stored in your own S3 bucket. Now, the other thing I wanted to mention about requester pays is that when you do enable this feature on your bucket, anonymous access to the bucket is no longer allowed, right? Because any requests for data inside of this bucket must be by an authenticated user in AWS. And that's because, well, AWS needs to know who to charge for that request. All right. So let's take a look at it. We've got our bucket over here and this bucket is owned by this account. One, two, three, four, five, six, 789, 012. And we've got a partner account over here. Maybe it's a partner that we do business with quite frequently, and they have their own AWS account. Now, inside of that partner account, we've got different users and roles and stuff like that, right? For those users to access their own account. In this case, we're just using a user name, Brian and this user name Brian performs a get object against a large volume of data inside of our bucket. Now, in this case, the bucket owner meaning us, we are still responsible for the data storage costs, right? So if we're storing terabytes and terabytes of data and that's the data that we're sharing with partners, you know, we still bear the brunt of that cost in our own accounts. So we're still charged for storing that data in our bucket. However, in this case, since Brian accessed our bucket and the user Brian lives in our partner account, that partner account is responsible for the data transfer costs that were performed by our user in their accounts. All right, so very simple but powerful feature for Amazon S3 Very handy. Again, if you are sharing large amounts of data with your partners quite frequently, allow them to take the costs of requesting and transferring that data outside of S3 while you continue to pay for the storage costs itself. So a pretty short lecture on this one. There's not a whole lot to requester pays, but we're going to jump into the demo just to kind of showcase how you would set this up.