Instructor: In this video, I'm gonna walk you through the solutions for the mock exam two. For the first question, we have to create a deployment called MyDashWebApp with an image of NGINX, a label of Tier Frontend, and a replicas of two. So we're gonna do a kubectl, create deployment, and it's gonna be called mywebapp, then the image is going to be nginx, and we wanna set the replicas to two. I'm gonna do a --dry-run=client and I'm gonna do -o yaml so we can pipe it to a file, and I'll just call this mydashwebapp.yaml. And then if you wanna take a look at it, we can open this up and just take a look at the configs that generates. We shouldn't have to change anything here. And I'm gonna do a kubectl apply -f and so that's going to create a deployment. You can just verify that by doing a kubectl get deployment. Now the next thing that we have to do is we have to expose the deployment as a node port service with the name of frontend-service with a port of 80 and a node port of 30083. So let's run the imperative command kubectl expose deployment and then we'll pass in the name of the deployment, which is mydashwebapp. And then the name of the service is gonna be called frontend-service. And the type is going to be of type node port. The port is gonna be port 80. I'm gonna do a --dry-run=client -o yaml, and then we'll pipe this out to frontend-service, and I'm gonna open up this file. We're gonna have to make one change, we have to add the node port here, and that's gonna be 30083. And then I can do a kubectl apply. And let's just quickly verify that it got created. So I'll do a kubectl get svc, and we can see our new service created. For the next question, we have to add a taint to the node, node one of the cluster using the following specs, and then after that we have to create a pod called alpha with an image of Redis and with a toleration to node one. So let's add the label first. That's gonna be kubectl taint, and then node. And it's gonna be node one. And if you want to, we can just quickly do a kubectl get nodes just to take a look at them. So we've got node01 here. we'll do kubectl taint node node01, and then it's gonna be app_type=alpha, effect is gonna be NoSchedule. And so now if I do a kubectl describe node node1, and we go under taints near the top, we should see the new taint that we just created. So now that we've completed that, let's move on and create the pod. So I'll do a kubectl run, and then the pod should be called alpha, image is going to be redis. And then once again, I'll pipe this out to a file. And so in the pod spec we have to add a toleration. So I'm gonna go under spec add toleration. The effect is going to be the same NoSchedule. The key that's gonna be app_type, and the value is going to be alpha. And now we can just do a kubectl apply -f alpha.yaml. And now we wanna just quickly verify that the pod was in fact deployed to node1. We can do kubectl get pod -o wide, and if we take a look at the alpha pod, it was successfully deployed on node1. For the next question, we have to add a label app_type=beta to the node called controlplane. So if I do a kubectl get node, we should see that we have a node called controlplane, and we want to add a new label to that. So I'll do kubectl label node controlplane and then we'll add the label, which is gonna be app_type=beta. And now if you do a kubectl get node, and then we'll call specifically controlplane. We do a --show-labels to see all the labels. And under the labels column, we can see that the new label that we created is there now. Now for the next step, we have to create a new deployment with the following specs of a name of beta-apps, with an image of an NGINX and then a replicas of three, and then configure the node affinity. So I'll do kubectl create deploy beta-apps -: -image=nginx --replicas is equal to three. And let's open up that file. And so we're gonna have to add the node affinity configuration. So if you go to the Kubernetes documentation, under this section here, node affinity, this is gonna give you an example of how to configure a node affinity. So I'm gonna just copy this, and under spec, let's add that in there, and let me fix the spacings. And the only thing that we have to change is the key and the values. So I'm gonna change the key, and this is going to be app_type. We're gonna leave the operator as in. And then the values, I'm just gonna, you can pass in a list, and this is just going to be beta. We'll save that. And then now I can do a kubectl apply -f beta-apps.yaml, and if I do a kubectl get pods -: o wide, and we can see that all of the beta-apps pods are gonna be deployed on the controlplane node. In the next question, we have to create a new ingress resource for the MyVideo service, so that it's available at the following URL. And we did the configuration the host should be set to this, and then the specific path is gonna be a /video. So first let's do a kubectl get service. And so if we take a look at the MyVideo service, we could see it's running on port 8080, and that's something to, that we'll need to know when we create our ingress. And then let's create our ingress imperatively, and then we'll create, we'll save it to our configuration file. So I'll do a kubectl create ingress ingress, and then we'll have to provide --rule flag. And so here this is going to be the host that we specified here. So I'm gonna copy this, and I'm gonna delete the host part here, I don't need that. So I just need the URL, and after it's gonna be for the /video path. And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna say anything that goes to /video, I wanna send it to MyVideo service. And this is gonna be listening on port 8080. And if we take a look at the configurations, you can see we've got the host set as requested. And then for anything that goes to the /video path, we wanna send it to a service called MyVideo service that's listening on port 8080. And so that's all we need. I can just do kubectl apply now. If I do a kubectl get ingress, we can see the new ingress that was created. The next question, a new pod has been created called pod-with-rprobe, and what we have to do is we have to update it with a readiness probe configuration provided below. So what I'm gonna do is kubectl get pod, and I'm gonna do a kubectl get pod pod-with-rprobe -: o yaml, so we can take a look at the configuration and modify it, and I'll just call this pod.yaml, and we'll open up pod.yaml, and we want to go under the container and add the configuration wherever we like. So I'm just gonna add it right above ports. And so here to add a readiness probe, I'll just do readiness probe. And this is asking for an http get. So we'll do http get, and there's gonna be two configurations here. So the first one is path, and this is gonna be a path to /ready. And this is gonna be a port of 8080. And now what we can do, is we can do a kubectl replace -f pod.yaml --force. For the next question, we have to create a new pod called nginx141 in the default name phase with an image of NGINX. And we have to add a liveness probe to the container to restart if the command ls/bar/www/atm/probe fails. And this check should start after a delay of 10 seconds and run every 60 seconds. And so what we're gonna do is we're gonna create a new file, and I'm just gonna call this nginx1401.yaml It's gonna be a standard pod configuration. So we'll start off with the API version v1. The kind is gonna be pod and the metadata. We're gonna set the name. We're gonna set the name to be nginx1401, and the name space to be default. The spec will add the container. The image will be an nginx image. And then here we have to specify the liveness probe, and we're gonna do an exec, and the command we wanna run. And then now we'll set the initial delay to 10 seconds, and the period seconds to be 60. So this is gonna run every 60 seconds, and I made a mistake this should be moved back so it lines up with exec. We'll try that again. And now the pod's successfully created. For the next question, we have to create a job called Whalesay, which is going to use the following image, with the following command. And it's gonna have the following requirements, of a completion of 10, and a backoffLimit of six, and a restartPolicy of Never. So let's create the configurations for our job, so I'm gonna run a kubectl create job -: -image=docker/whalesay, the name of the job's gonna be whalesay. And then we're gonna do --dry-run=client -o yaml, and we'll save this in a file called whalesay.yaml. And then I'm gonna open this up. And if you take a look at the configuration there's gonna be a couple things that we have to change. So under spec, the first thing that we wanna do, is we wanna define the completions and the backoffLimit. So I'll say completions, there's gonna be 10, and then the backoffLimit is gonna be six. And then for the container, we have to change the command. So I'll say command, I'm gonna do sh -c, and then I'll copy in, copy in that, and that should be all that we have to change. So now I can do a kubectl apply -f whalesay. If I do a kubectl get jobs, you can see right now we have a zero out of 10 completed. And we'll let this run for a bit until we get all 10 completed. All right, and so that's completed. So we'll go to the next question. For the next question, we have to create a pod called Multipod that's going to have two containers with the following configurations. The first one is going to be called Jupiter with an image of NGINX. And the second one is what you called Europa with an image of Busybox, and a command of sleep 4,800. And each one is going to have a different environment variable. So this is gonna be pretty straightforward. Let's just create a new file for our pods spec. So I'll just call this multipod. And this is gonna have the usual API version V1, kind is gonna be a pod, and then metadata name, which is going to be multi-pod. And then let's provide the spec. And there's gonna have a two containers now. So let's start with the first one, which is gonna have a name of Jupiter, and an image of NGINX. The second one is going to have a name of Europa, with an image of Busybox, with the command of /bin/sh. And now let's define the environment variable. So for the first one, the type is gonna be a value and planet. And for the second container, the name is once again gonna be type, and the value is going to be Moon. And then we'll do a kubectl apply multipod. And let's move on to the next question now. And for the final question, we have to create a persistent volume called custom volume, with the size of 50 Mebibytes, a reclaim policy of retain, AccessMode to ReadWriteMany, and a host path of /op/data. So if you want to, you can pull up the Kubernetes documentations for a volume, and you could just grab one of the examples, and then you use that as a base. So I'm just gonna create a new file, and we'll call this pv.yaml. I'm gonna paste this in here, and we'll just change all of the necessary fields. So the name is going to be called custom-volume. The storage, this is gonna be 50 Mi, and we wanna change the AccessMode to ReadWriteMany. We won't need the volume mode, the persistent volume claim is set to retain accordingly. And then finally, we have to set the post path. So this is going to be path/opt/data. And now we can just do a kubectl apply -f pv.yaml. And that's going to be the final question. So now we can just run the validation. And so that's going to wrap up mock exam two.