So let's go ahead with question one. So an enterprise has a large number of accounts owned by a separate business group. One of the accounts was recently compromised and the attacker launched a large number of instances, resulting in the high bill for that account. So, by the way, that is a very common attack against those accounts to start a large number of instances. And then, for example, mine for bitcoins. Okay. The security breach was addressed, but management has asked the solution architect to develop a solution to prevent excessive spending in all accounts. Each business group wants to retain full control over its accounts. Which solution should the solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? So here, the important bits of that question is that, number one, we want to prevent excessive spending. And number two, we want to retain full control over the account. There are two important things about this question. So let's look at the architecture. So we have three areas account in this example and then we launch various types of 82 instances. So tw to see 5x1e and this is also the case in another account, so we're pretty free. But one of these accounts was attacked and there were a lot of instances launched into that accounts and this was the problem with excessive billing. So we want to be able to prevent that problem while making sure all these accounts still have control over the type of stuff they do. So Option A is to use organizations to add address accounts to the master accounts and then create a service control policy SEP that uses the EC2 instance type condition key to prevent the launch of high cost instances in the accounts. So let's have a look again. So we have this account and now we have created an organization and we have added all the accounts into the organization. Now we also have an SEP. So service control policy and this is helpful to prevent at the account level some API calls from being made. Okay. So here the SEP is defined at the organization level and it is applied to each and every single address accounts. But this SEP what it is that restricts us from launching high cost instance types. So that means that all of these x1e instances that are not authorized to be launched because they are too expensive. But in that case, even though that would work in preventing the bill from being high, we also preventing the accounts from operating normally because for example, account one and Account three in this example still would need to launch that very expensive instance type if there was a use case for it. So even though that helps us prevent the billing, it does not give us full control over our accounts. And so we have to let go of this option. Option B is to use an IAM policy into an IM group in each account, and we use the same condition as before. And then we place all the IAM users in each group. So we have these accounts and now this time we put users in a group and then we add a policy and item policy to the group and all of a sudden, same as before, we cannot launch these instances and we do the exact same thing in the other accounts. So this is a problem because again, we are preventing our users from operating normally into each account so they don't retain full control over the accounts. But also this could be a problem because now a tricky user could have a role and the role would not have a policy attached to it. And the user, by assuming the role, would probably be able to still launch some accounts, some, um, instances that are high cost. Just a little tip here, but it doesn't matter for this question, just something I want to give you an insight into. So again, this option right now, it does not work because we don't have control over our accounts. And personally, I would prefer to use an STP and an organization than using users in a group and attached policy. Option C Enable building alerts on each of account accounts. Create an Amazon Cloud Watch alarm that sends an SMS notification to the account administrator whenever their accounts exceeds the spending budget. So very simple same architecture. But now we create a billing alarm, which is a cloud watch metric alongside an alarm. And this alarm, because it is a cloud watch alarm, can send notifications into an SMS topic and we would apply the exact same into every account. So here, as soon as the billing alarm goes over, is a threshold that we would define, for example, the average spending, then we would receive an SMS notification and if the administrator is up, then they can go ahead and look into the account and see what's happening. Or if you wanted to automate stuff, we could have the less nice notification trigger a lambda function that would automate some of the tasks that the administrator would do to look at the billing. So this looks like a feasible option. Just note that enabled us. You cannot limit the spending. You can only create a. Building alarms and then you would receive notifications based on that. But you cannot say to the recipients you cannot spend more than $500 each month. That does not work and that is not an option in us. So this option C is something I really like. So we'll keep it in mind and then option Z enable address cost explorer in each account and regularly review the customer reports for each account to ensure spending does not exceed the planned budgets. So we would enable cost explorer in each of accounts. So Cost Explorer is a dash boarding technology. It uses the same underlying data as the billing alarm. But the difference is the billing alarm is going to send a notification to you, so you are going to be alerted as soon as possible. But with the cost explorer, the administrator has to go into each account and then explore the reports and then find anomalies. So in this example, it's going to take a lot longer to find any spending anomalies and any attacks happening in your in our accounts. And so therefore, Cost Explorer is not something that we would be looking into. Lastly, I just want to offer so option C is obviously the right answer in this question, but I just want to offer some more insights to what could be done in a real world scenario. So if you know, for example, that your instances are being launched, you can use limits to make sure that these high cost instances are not launched at greater scale. You could also create a lambda function that would be triggered pretty often to generate a report of to how many instances of each type are launched and if there is any anomaly. So there's a bunch of things you could do. Obviously they are not answers in this question, but it could be a way for you to control your spending on to a loss. And that is such an important topic. So please make sure to review your cost once in a while, understand what's happening in your account and make sure to create these billing alarms to be alerted in case anything goes wrong. All right. That's it. I will see you in the next lecture.