So let's go with question three. A team is building an HTML form hosted on a public Amazon S3 bucket. The form uses JavaScript to post data to an Amazon API gateway endpoints, and the endpoint is integrated with its lambda functions. The team has tested each method in the API gateway console and received a valid responses. Which combination of steps must be completed for the form to successfully post to the API gateway and receive a valid response select to. So here we have a public Amazon S3 bucket and there is a JavaScript post that is retrieved from that bucket that will post data to Amazon API Gateway, which is another endpoint. And the trick is here we're using we are looking at an HTML form. So here we have to remember that whenever there is an HTML form, there is going to be a web browser involved. So this is already a hint. So let's look at the architecture. Very simple. Our public S3 buckets will send to our client or JavaScript file, and the client will then post some data to an API gateway. They will be executing a lambda function. So far the API gateway has a URL, but the public S3 bucket does not have a public URL because it is not enabled as a website, I would say yet. So let's look at the options. Well, we have a configure the S3 bucket to allow Cross Origin resource sharing or course number to host the form on Amazon EC2 rather than Amazon S3 C request a limit increase for API Gateway D Enable Cross Origins Resource Sharing in API Gateway and E configure the S3 buckets for web hosting. So here, when I look at these multi answer questions, I like to group answers together and to see which one are related to each other so I can choose one or the other. So for example, if we look at option B and option E, they look very similar. The number one is saying host the form on them is an easy to rather than Amazon S3 and the other one is saying configure the S3 bucket for web hosting. So both these answers address the question of how does the client retrieve that JavaScript file from a web browser? And so in this example, we have two or S3 now as three, we can configure it as a web hosting platform so we know that works and is already a public S3 bucket. So that would be perfect. But we could also host the format Amazon easy to or other than Amazon S3 and that wouldn't give us any benefits. Actually, that would probably take us back a little bit. Yes, that would work. But we would not be serverless. We would have to handle Amazon EC2 instance, probably update it once in a while. So Option B, although it would work, is a very bad architectural decision. So we have to go with option E for configuring the S3 buckets. And now we have three options A, C and D that are related to each other. So two of these options are related to course and one is for a limit increase on API gateway. So there is no information in the question that says that the API gateway was not responding once in a while because of heavy load. So the limit increase for API gateway does not make any sense because the question has remained A and said anything related to this. So we have to rule that answer out. Now we're left with two options. They're both related to course. Should we apply cause on the API gateway or should we apply cause on the S3 buckets? And to understand cause, you need to remember what is the order of things that happen in this sequence? So our clients first retrieves the file from the S3 bucket by visiting the public URL of the bucket and then invokes another URL that is not on the same domain. And that URL belongs to the API gateway. So from a security perspective, the client is going to be asked whether it can or should make an answer, a request, sorry, to the API gateway, because that is a second thing in line. That is the website we haven't visited because it has a different URL. So the course here, security has to be defined on the API gateway. So let me just be very clear. So we do a get from the public S3 bucket and we look at the URL of the bucket of state as a website, which looks like the one that put in green. So we visit this URL and we get all the static assets, including that JavaScript file that is going to be run from our web browser. Then our web browser from the JavaScript file is instructed to make API calls to completely different URL. And so web browsers have defined course as a browser based security to make sure that we could not launch attacks onto other websites if we were not authorized to do so. So this is a browser based security. So the browser will say, Hey, I'm happy to make this API call to this other URL, just give me only if this other URL. Allows me to make that API call. And so this is where you need to define course on the API gateway and say, hey, you can make request on my API Gateway if your origin website is the one from the public S3 bucket. And this is how causes so cause you need to include headers and one of this header is access control, allow origin and you define this on the API gateway level and you're saying, okay, you allow the origin of the public S3 buckets to be making API calls on to our API gateway. So here it's very clear that the cause that needs to be defined is on the API gateway and not on the public S3 buckets. Okay. So I hope that was helpful and I will see you in the next lecture.