Question five, a company is launching a new web service on an Amazon ECS cluster. The company policy requires that the security group on the cluster instances block all inbound traffic but the port HTTPS, which is the port 443. The cluster consists of Amazon, 100 Amazon EC2 instances and security engineers are responsible for managing and updating the cluster instances. The security engineering team is small so any management efforts must be minimized. So here we have a requirement as a company policy that the security group cannot allow anything but inbound HTTPS. And then we have 100 EC2 instances in an ECS cluster. So let's see how we can go ahead to manage and update the cluster instances. So the architecture is, our ECS cluster has a bunch of EC2 instances in it and the client is able to access our EC2 instances only through going through a security group that is allowing inbound access on 443. So presumably this is how we access our HTTPS application onto our ECS cluster. And now we want to be able to go ahead in these instances and manage them. But again, the company policy is to have only the port 443 incoming into these instances. So if you follow closely to the course, originally the answer to the question, but let's look at the different options. Change the SSH port to 2222 on the cluster instances with a user data script. Log into each instance using SSH over port 2222. So it is definitely possible to, using a user data script to change the SSH port to another port 2222. And that is a common thing to do if you're want to enhance security to have a non-standard port for ssh. But the thing here is, here we cannot SSH into our instances because we would need to allow port 2222 into our security group, but that is against the company policy. So this would be a feasible solution, 100% for sure but the company policy would disable us from using the port 2222 to get into our EC2 instances. And so therefore, this option A looked like a viable solution, but it is not a good one because it violates the company policy. So we have to roll that out. Option B is to change yet again the SSH port using a user data script and then we use trusted advisor to remotely manage the cluster instances of our port 2222. So now we have trusted advisor that will be using that part. So two problems with this question. Number one, again, we have an incoming port into our security group that is against the company policy. So we can rule that out again for our option B. But trusted advisor is, if we remember correctly what it is, a service to help us get recommendations about our accounts. But in no way it is a service that would allow us to manage our EC2 instances actively. So Trusted Advisor is definitely not the right service for this. It would give us cost recommendations security recommendations, performance recommendations all these kind of things but it would not help us to manage our instances and use actively, ports to SSH into our instances. So we have to rule out that answer for two reasons. Option C, launch the cluster instances with no SSH key pairs. That is definitely an option in AWS. And then we use the Amazon EC2 systems manager run command to remotely manage the cluster instances. So let's have a look, I just made an instance a little bit bigger. So we have our ECS cluster security group and our EC2 instance accessible of the port 443. And we use the SSM agent inside of our EC2 instance and use the SSM run command to access our EC2 instances. So that is 100% a viable option. I wish this option was a bit more clear because to use the systems manager run command we need to make sure before that two things are there. Number one, we need to make sure the SSM agent is running onto our EC2 instance which is not the case for every EC2 instance. You need to install it most of the time. Or if you use Amazon Linux 2 then it's already installed for you but you would need to install it if you are using other operating systems. So that's number one, the big problem. And number two is, for your EC2 instance running the SSM agent to be managed by SSM, the service itself, you would need to make sure your EC2 instance has an instance role that allows us to access the EC2, the EC2 systems manager service. So there are two things missing in that option. So this is the correct option for this question but I think it's really incomplete. Now that is something that does happen in the exam. Sometimes answer are incomplete, I would say most often not they're not incomplete, but sometimes that can happen. So here this is the right answer, but slightly incomplete. But here, using the run commands we can manage a fleet of EC2 instances and update them all at once without getting the need to open up any port on our instances. And the reason is the SSM agent will be pulling the systems manager service and not the other way. So this is the correct option. Now, option D, launch the cluster instances with no SSH key and use trusted advisor to manage the instance, that makes no sense. We cannot use trusted advisor to manage instances so we rule out that answer. So remember the correct answer here is option C, with the little asterisk that we would need an IAM role and also the SSM agent properly configured and running for this to work. But that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.