A solutions architect needs to reduce costs for a big data application. The application environment consists of hundreds of devices that send events to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. The device ID is used as the partition key, so each device gets a separate shard. Each device sends between 50 kilobytes and 450 kilobytes of data per second. The shards are pulled by Lambda function that processes the data and stores the results on Amazon S3. Every hour, a Lambda function runs an Amazon Athena query against the result data that identifies any outliers and places them in Amazon SQS queue. An Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group of two EC2 instances monitors the queue and runs a short that lasts approximately 30 seconds, process to address the outliers. The devices submit an average of 10 outlying values, every hour. Which combination of changes to the application would most reduce cost? And we have to select two. So this is a very, very, very long question but, I really like it because it's a complete solution architecture and there's lots of things we can discuss on it. So let's draw it out. Kinesis will have multiple shards and have 50 shards in this example. And the question says that we have exactly one chart, per device. So each device that sends us data will get its own shard. We also get some information that each device sends about 50 to 450 kilobytes per second of data, into each shard. Okay? Then we get a Lambda function that reads from the shards, processes the data, and then writes it into Amazon S3. Then we have another Lambda function that is triggered every hour possibly by CloudWatch events but, it's not mentioned in this question so I will not put it here. And so this Lambda function is using Athena to issue a query against S3 and it will use the results of this Athena query to insert into SQS about 10 messages per hour, which represents outlying values. And this SQS queue will be processed by an Auto Scaling group of two EC2 instances, that continuously pull from the queue. And whenever they receive a message, they do about 30 seconds of processing. So, if we look at 30 seconds times 10, this is about, 300 seconds of processing every hour. So, it is deeply inefficient. And so we're asked to find ways to cost optimize this architecture. So, we need to choose two options. And so I'm going to look at all the answers and then group them together. Option A, change the Auto Scaling group launch configuration to use smaller instance types, in the same instance family. B, replace the ASG with a Lambda function triggered by messages arriving in the SQS queue. C, reconfigure the devices and data stream to set ratio of 10 devices to one data shard stream, stream shard, sorry. Question option D, reconfigure the devices and data stream to set a ratio of two devices to one data stream shard. And E, change the desired capacity of the ASG to a single EC2 instances. So again, I look at these options and I group them together to see which one relate to one another. So, option group one is to change the ASG. This would use smaller size instances, use limited function or to only use one EC2 instance. So, the first option is to have the same architecture, but we use small instances. So, this would definitely give us some cost savings, we're not sure how much because we don't, not sure how much how big, how much bigger the instances were in the past but this would definitely give us some cost savings. And then obviously using smaller instances maybe the processing will be longer, who knows? But this is something which you take into account. We have to optimize for cost right now. Number two, is to replace with a Lambda function. And this Lambda function will be triggered whenever a message arrives in the SQS Queue. And then finally, we can only use one EC2 instances instead of two and see how it works. So, all these solutions are feasible, okay? Definitely feasible. They all go under the time limit, and a Lambda function works because Lambda function can have a maximum time out of 15 minutes. And so we are well under with a 30 seconds processing. So in this example what we have to optimize for is an amount of time these EC2 instances will be running and not doing anything. So, in the first example remember, we have 300 seconds of processing per hour. And so that means that for the rest of the time for about 3,300 seconds an hour the EC2 instances will be idle. So in the first case and the third case, no matter what we have unused processing power from our EC2 instances. And that is really, really not efficient. So Lambda is the perfect answer to this question because Lambda will be triggered only when we receive messages in the SQS queue, and it will be triggered only 10 times per hour. So this is perfect, Lambda will give us the best cost optimization. And, option group two. So we reconfigure the devices for a ratio of 10 devices to one data stream or for two to one. So let's have an example. We have 10 devices into one shard, or two devices into one shard. How do we select the one that saves us the most cost? Well, if we look at the first answer we would have a lot less shards because we have more devices per shard. And if we look at the second answer we have less devices per shard, so we would have less cost saving. But are they possible? So, if we have 10 devices giving into one shard, that means that because each device generates between 50 kilobytes and 450 kilobytes of data per second that means that 10 devices together will generate between 500 kilobytes and 4,500 kilobytes per second. Whereas when we have two devices, they will generate between 100 kilobytes and 900 kilobytes per second. So, what is possible and what is not possible? You have to remember for Kinesis data stream that each shard has a limit of one megabytes per second, which represents 1000 kilobytes per second. If we go over that one megabyte per second limit we are going to get a throughput exception. And so, in this case the only feasible solution, is solution number two because we are going to be under the one megabyte per second limit. Unfortunately, solution number one is way over the one megabytes per second limit, and so it is infeasible. Even though it would save more cost for us. So in this example, we have to rule out option one, and we have to go with option D. We have to use a ratio of two devices to one data stream shard, and that is the best practice. Obviously, for Kinesis to have many devices onto one shard, as long as you're under the throughput's limits. So that's it for this question, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.