Next question. A company has built an online ticketing web application on AWS. The application is hosted on AWS App Runner and uses images that are stored in the Amazon Elastic Container Registry, Amazon ECR repository. The application stores data in an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster and the company has set up a domain name in Amazon Route 53. The company needs to deploy the application across multiple, so two AWS regions, in an active-active configuration. That means we want to be able to write to both regions at a time, and that is what's called active-active. So which combinations of step will meet these requirements with the least change to the architecture? So we have to keep the architecture, but we have make it multi-region and make sure we have an active-active setup. That means we can write to both regions at a time. So let's have a look at the current architecture. So we have one region with the App Runner service using images from the ECR Registry. The database that the container will be running against is Aurora MySQL. And then Route 53 is going to be used to direct to the service itself. So let's have a look at the options. So we have three groups of options because you need to select three answers. So I've summarized them into groups of two. So the first one is to set up cross region replication to the second region for the ECR images. So we have two regions and the registry, and then we set up cross-region replication. So that means that we will be running with this architecture the App Runner services in one region and also the other one. The alternative is to create a VPC endpoint for the ECR repository in the second region. So the architecture is to have the ECR Registry here and then create a VPC endpoint in another region, and then still use the App Runner services in both regions. But the second one would be pointed against the VPC endpoint. And if you look at this, something must tell you it's something that looks wrong. So the second one is wrong because the VPC endpoint just allows you to access an AWS service privately within your VPC, but there's no such thing as to cross-region accessibility through a VPC endpoint. So that is clearly wrong. And ECR Registry does have support for cross-region replication of your images. So this enables the architecture of the answer A. Now, for option two, this is about App Runner itself. So one way is to use the App Runner configuration by adding a second deployment target to the second region. So the idea is that we have the App Runner services in us-east-1, and then we do a multi-region deploy in us-east-1 and us-west-2. And that would be nice, but it doesn't exist as a feature of the App Runner service. The App Runner service is a region-scoped service, and so therefore what we have to do is deploy the App Runner service into a second region so that we have two deployments of our application each with their own URL, and then we have to set up Route 53 on top of it to have a latency based routing to direct to the correct region. So although option C would be a really nice to have from the App Runner service, the one we have to go with right now because it doesn't exist is answer D. The last option group is around the database. So we have to do an active-active deployment. And so for sure, when you think active-active the first thing you're going to think about is Amazon DynamoDB. So to use global tables in two desired regions. And for sure this works. So DynamoDB does have global tables and they do have active-active replication. So this is great. The second option proposed is to use an Aurora global database with write forwarding enabled in the second region. So we have Aurora. We know we can do a global database by having some replication between one region to the next. And we know as well that we can do write forwarding, that means write to the second region, which is going to forward the write to the first region, and then the replication will make sure everything looks equal. So both these things work. And the question was asking how to do this multi-region architecture with the least changes to the architecture? And to use the least changes, it's better to use Aurora because it's still using MySQL and so you don't have to change any application logic, versus using DynamoDB. Because DynamoDB is a no SQL database, the APIs are very different from Aurora MySQL, and so therefore it will be a true change in your application architecture. So both these work, but from a least changes perspective the correct answer is going to be answer F. Which gives you this final architecture, where you have two regions operating independently from the App Runner service. The ECR Registry is going to be replicated and the Aurora database which have replication and write forwarding to allow an active-active type of setup. And then, of course, when you have a multi region architecture, it's always good to use Route 53 to point to the different App Runner services and make sure your users only have one endpoint into your application. Okay, so that's it for this question. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.