Next question. So a company has deployed a multi-tier web application in the AWS Cloud. The application consists of the following tiers. We have a Windows-based web tier that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances with Elastic IP addresses, with have a Linux-based application tier that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances behind the ALB that uses path-based routing and then a MySQL database that runs on the Linux EC2 instance. So all the EC2 instances are using the Intel-based x86 CPUs and we need to modernize the infrastructure to achieve better performance. Overall, we want to also minimize the operational overhead of the application. So better performance, less overhead, and modernized infrastructure. So which actions should we do? So let's have a look at the options. So first of all, the architecture. We have the web tier with Windows Instances and elastic IPs. As you know, this is bad just to run elastic IPs on many EC2 instances for a tier. The application tier looks better because while we have an application load balancer connected to EC2 instances, so there's only one entry point into our application, which is great, and the database tier is you're using MySQL on EC2 and we know that's horrible. We need to reuse a managed service to reduce our management overhead. So option one is to run the MySQL database on multiple EC2 instances just like that. So this is going to increase maybe our availability but also increase our headaches which is not what we want from this question. Then to migrate a MySQL database into an Amazon or Aurora Serverless so that's completely possible, Aurora as an API for MySQL and Aurora Serverless is a very fine database. It's actually serverless, so we have no management overhead and incredible performance. So this seems like a good choice. And then, migrates all EC2 instances types to Graviton2. While it turns out that we can do this, Graviton2 will provide us better performance because this is a newer kind of CPU architecture but this is not available at all for Windows Instances. So because we have the web tier using Windows Instances, then this is not an acceptable solution. But this would be if everything was using Linux. So the correct answer in this option group is going to be answer C. If we look at the option group two, we have the option to place the web tier instances behind an ALB, which will look like this. And the applicational balancer for sure works with any kind of web application. So we could definitely have Windows EC2 instances behind an ALB and this looks very modern and scalable, whereas, the option is to replace ALB for the app tier with a company managed load balancer. So I don't know what the company load balancer would look like, this is anti-pattern for AWS. This seems like a very actually easy answer to rule out. So, of course, in this example, the correct answer is B. And that's it for this question. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.