So the first tool that we're going to talk about here is storage lens. So Amazon S3 storage lens is really a useful tool that allows you to see and manage all the storage that you have on Amazon. S3 In one main area, one main tool. Now it makes it really easy to watch and check storage information for a lot of different accounts at the same time. This tool helps you understand how your storage is used and it gives you advice on how to spend less money and keep your data safe. It also lets you find ways to cut costs in your storage really fast and easily through this storage lens tool. Storage lens is going to help you make smart choices about storage types, rules for storing data and where to put data based upon how you use it. Amazon S3 storage lens gives you the ability to see how much and in what ways that your storage is being used through usage and activity numbers. Now this brings together and aggregates data from different levels. You can actually enable storage lens at your organization level, at the account level, geographic area, like a region, the type of storage buckets and even down to prefixes. What makes it even better is that you don't have to look at all these boring tables and charts. Storage Lens has interactive dashboards, which means you can play around with the data, making it easy to understand based upon your needs. Now, additionally, storage land is also like this friendly advisor. It gives you suggestions on what you should do based upon tried and tested methods from other customers. So you know you're making good choices for managing the storage in S3 Storage Lens is going to update the information that you see every day. It's using the data from the day before. So it actually kicks off at, I believe, midnight. Now, this means that you always have fresh insights from the day before and you can make decisions based upon that data. It's also very flexible, too. Again, you can turn it on for your whole account or just 1 or 2 storage buckets. Now, this is really cool because if you want to just give storage lands a try and see if it's helpful before you actually use it more widely, this allows you to do that, gain insights on a few buckets, determine whether it's going to be useful for you. If it is cool, you can go ahead and enable it on more buckets. If you're handling things like a large organization with tons of accounts, that's no problem. Storage lens is going to allow you to create dashboards that show you storage information across hundreds or even thousands of accounts. One cool thing it does is helps you find specific details like incomplete uploads, outdated data versions, and the number of data requests. Knowing these, based upon our conversations we already had before, can really help you save money on your storage costs. Amazon S3 Storage Lens has a free version that is already set up and ready to use for all of your accounts. This means you don't have to do any complicated setup. It's just there for you to start using. But if you find it useful and you want even more features than the free version, there's an option to upgrade to an advanced version. By choosing the advanced upgrade, you get access to more tools and options, making it even more powerful helper for managing your storage. Let's take a look at the comparison between the free version and the advanced upgrade version. Now you can see free metrics. You have usage metrics up to 14 of them. Granularity we get down to the lowest level is the bucket. We retain up to 14 days of data. Recommendations are not something we have access to and of course the pricing is free. Now, if you want advanced metrics, well, from a metrics perspective, we over double what's available to us. Now we have our 14 usage metrics. We also have 15 activity metrics. We can also look at the granularity and we can get down to the prefix level, not the bucket level. We can get all the way down to a prefix level and start looking at reports based upon that we can actually store data up to 15 months. So we retain data up to 15 months. We can run reports on that. It does include those recommendations that we spoke about and it is not free, but it's actually pretty cheap. If you look at the pricing here, it's $0.20 per 1 million objects per month. Most of us, especially if you're just using this in your own account or something like that, like I definitely don't have 1 million objects in my S3 accounts, so I'm going to pay $0.20 per month. That may be worth it to get all these additional advanced metrics, the ability to retain data up to 15 months, get those recommendations and then be able to run reports down to a prefix level. Now, if you're worried about costs, you can actually use the free dashboard to get a count of the number of objects that are across all your S3 buckets. And then you can. Do the math and understand what your costs will be by multiplying the number of objects. Divide that by 1 million and then multiply that by $0.20 per 1 million objects. Let's take a look at some of the advanced metrics, some of the use cases that we would solve using the advanced metrics so we can utilize activity metrics to identify workloads and buckets with low usage. And that may indicate potential candidates for implementing life cycle policies. And we already know that life cycle policies will enable us to move data to lower tiers of S3. Of course, to save on costs, we can leverage prefix level insights and that allows us to allocate usage accurately for buckets shared across multiple teams and that enables better resource allocation and cost attribution. Now, another use case for using the advanced metrics is using the 15 month data retention capability that allows us to visualize our long term storage growth trends and allows us to do better capacity planning and forecasting. And finally, those recommendations that we mentioned before, that's going to allow us to identify outliers in month over month metric changes, enabling proactive identification and resolution of potential issues or anomalies. And that's especially important when we're thinking about cost analysis on our S3 buckets. The last thing I want to mention here is that storage lens also allows you to take the data it gathers and save it to a file. This is going to be super handy because you can then either use other programs that analyze data to look at it in different ways. Now, this feature is especially good for setups where you need to make your own custom dashboards, mix the data in with maybe other sets of information, or just work with software that's made by other companies such as Splunk or Sumo Logic, for example. By exporting it, you're not limited to just what storage land offers, and you can actually make the most of the data in ways that better suit your specific needs. So that's it. On storage lens, we're going to jump into storage lens and take a look at it in the AWS management console.