The next tool we're going to talk about is Amazon S3 Inventory. So Amazon S3 inventory is going to be a feature that helps keep track of all the files on S3 and all their details. And it's across all of our S3 buckets. So you kind of think of it like a detailed catalog that's going to list everything you have stored along with all that useful information, like how big the files are, what kind of storage you're using, and when they were last changed. But that's not really all. Once you have this catalog, Amazon S3 Inventory lets you dive into it by creating reports. Now, these reports are great because they can help you understand and learn from the huge amounts of file data that you may have on S3. With this understanding, you can make better decisions on how to manage your storage and make the most of it. So we have a bunch of buckets inside of our accounts. They all have data we're going to do is we're going to be able to export all that information into an inventory report, and then we can use a tool like, I don't know, Athena, to analyze this data and actually get better insights into our data. So that's what inventory is basically creates an output file for us that we can use to actually better understand our data that's lives in Amazon S3. With S3 inventory, you can easily analyze and extract insights from large volumes of data by leveraging the generated inventory reports. Now, this may help in compliance and audit readiness, where we need to meet compliance requirements, and to do so we can provide an audit trail of audit logs that are stored in our buckets, supporting governance, risk management and compliance initiatives. By using S3 inventory reports. We can also identify unused or infrequently accessed objects. And as we mentioned before, this can enable you to really optimize your storage costs by implementing things like data lifecycle policies, or you can manually transition them to the appropriate storage class again to save on costs. And finally, S3 inventory can help assist in data governance and security by really offering a lot better visibility into object level metadata. Now, this can allow you to help enforce access controls, track data ownership and really ensure data protection measures are in place that you need to be in place to meet all these regulations. When we're using Amazon S3 inventory, we have the option for output files. We have the ability to run a report against thousands of buckets which may contain billions of objects. And once you run a report, you have your choices of output files. We can output our report in a CSV, which we can analyze with something like Athena. We can output as an Apache ORC file, which we can use something like Hadoop to better analyze, or we can output it as Apache parquet, which we can use something like Java C plus Plus or Python or some other language in order to analyze our file, depending on your comfort of the technologies that I mentioned, you have your choice of output files and you choose the one that best fits your needs. Beyond the object name and the key name and things like that, let's take a look at the additional metadata fields that an inventory report is going to provide us. Now we have things like object metadata, which includes object size, last modified. Is it multi-part upload, is it encrypted? Those kind of things. We have indication of what storage class that the object is stored on and whether Intelligent-tiering is being used. We have things like data integrity, etag or additional checksums and of course we got things like object lock. Are these objects using the object lock feature? So we get quite a bit of information from our objects that are stored in S3 by using the S3 inventory report. When we decide to create the report, what we need to do is choose where we want to store the output of this file. Now, the output of this file must be stored in a bucket. So we have our target bucket here on the left. It's called Amazon S3 Deepdive. And one thing that we can do is, well, we can actually store the report in the same bucket if we want to analyze this bucket and go ahead and drop the report directly in the bucket itself, it may be handy if you just have one single bucket used for data analytics or something like that, so we can go ahead and drop that same file in the same bucket. The other option we have is of course storing it in a different bucket. In this case, maybe you have a dedicated bucket for data analysis that you already have, things like Hadoop or other type of data analysis tools pointing at, and you just want to go ahead and drop the file directly in here. So once the file is created and it's dropped in the destination bucket and of course we can use whatever tool we want in this case, Athena, to analyze this data and get the reports and the information that we need directly from our inventory report. Now, the other thing that we can also do is we can trigger an. Event when the report is done. So we have our destination bucket here. Our data analysis bucket and the inventory report was just written. And one thing we can do is use Amazon S3 event notifications, which we're going to talk about here shortly. But once the file is written, an event notification can kick off. We can maybe get an email through SNS that the file is there, or we can kick off a lambda function to perform some work against that file. We can kind of start intermingling all these different reporting and monitoring tools to actually come up with a full blown workflow for creating an inventory report and of course doing something with that report when it's as created and it lands in our destination bucket. Again, maybe it's just an email to say, Hey, the report is ready, you want to go take a look at it? Or you can write a lambda function to do some other data analysis with that inventory report. Once the report is created, maybe we want to move the data that's identified by inventory. What we can do is we can use something like S3 batch operations in order to move to, I don't know, a lower tier like S3 Glacier instant retrieval based upon the identified objects that were in the report. We can go ahead and use batch operations to go ahead and move those over to another tier and of course, save on costs on our S3 storage. Now, here's an example of what the inventory report may look like. So I ran a report against one of my buckets that I use to store all of my cloudtrail logs. So these are all cloudtrail logs that you see in here. Now, hopefully it's big enough on your screen. Try to make it as big as possible, but try to include as many of the categories in the metadata as possible. So a couple things here. You can see that the source bucket is Kraus and Cloudtrail. So that's where I store all my Cloudtrail logs. You can see the object name or the key name of the individual object that's stored inside of this bucket. Now, in this case, they're just different log files. You can see the individual object size here, you can see the storage class. So right now, all of those are stored in Glacier. You can see whether they're uploaded using multi-part as well. You can get a lot of good information by just looking directly at the inventory report. Now, this, of course, is in a CSV and you have the options to create it as the other files as well and use whatever tool you need for data analysis. But I just wanted to showcase an example here so you can kind of better understand what you get from an Amazon S3 inventory report.