The next tool I want to discuss is Cost Explorer. Now, Cost Explorer is a separate service and it's going to help you understand and manage your costs and usage over time. Specifically for S3, you can use Cost Explorer to analyze your S3 costs at a higher level month over month. How much did I spend in Amazon S3 Or you can actually combine Cost Explorer with cost allocation tags to enable more fine grained reporting for your data. So you have a bunch of buckets down here on the left, you would use Cost Explorer to analyze all those buckets and you can create cost reports based upon how you're using S3. Let's take a look to see what one of these reports may look like. So in my account, I went ahead and ran a monthly cost by service. And you can see over here on the right that I've filtered it down just by S3 costs. So you can kind of see month over month what my spend is directly in S3 Now, personally, I don't have a ton of stuff inside of my S3 buckets, so you can see I'm spending about an average of $2 a month and it's slowly been going up as I've added more and more stuff into S3 But this gives you a good idea on understanding what your monthly costs may be month over month using S3 You can, of course look at this data in a graph perspective like I'm looking at now, or you can choose a line chart or other things that help you better analyze this data. I mentioned cost allocation tags before. Now these cost allocation tags are just simple tags that you would add to some of your resources, but inside of the billing console, you would specify or enable these specific tags to be used for cost allocation. Now you may use something like application or team ID or business unit in order to group different resources together and understand, okay, how much is this application costing me? How much is this team spending in AWS? Those are the reasons you want to create and use cost allocation tags. Now, once you enable those, what you can do is you can tag your different buckets or data using these cost allocation tags, and then you can run a new report to gather the costs and filter those results down to the S3 service and of course, those cost allocation tags. Now, one thing to note here is that tags are not immediately available after you create them or enable them in the billing console. So it may take about 24 hours in order for that to take effect. And then allowing you to go into the Cost Explorer dashboard and actually filtering down by S3 and then filtering down by your cost allocation tags in order to properly understand what you're spending for the application or for that team or business unit. So what we'll do is we'll jump into AWS and we will take a look at the Cost Explorer and we'll see how we can filter those results down by S3 and then filter it down by a tag that I've enabled inside of my account.