The next tool we want to talk about is AWS config. Now how can we use config with S3? Well, let's talk about what config is first. Well, config is an AWS service that provides continuous monitoring of all the AWS resources that you have running inside of your accounts. Now config uses what's called a recorder. So once you enable that recorder, config is going to inventory all the resources inside of your account and it will begin to track any changes and the relationships between those resources. Config is really cool because if you have a problem inside of your account, say an application went down or something no longer works, you can actually go to config and it will provide you with a timeline which helps you track any changes that were made to your resource that can really help with troubleshooting. So say for example, our application was running fine and all of a sudden at 3:00 in the afternoon something happened and the application went down. What we can do is we can jump right into config and we can start looking at the resources that are used for our application and we can better understand, Hey, did somebody go and make a change inside of our accounts that would have negatively impacted our application so we can use config for things like that. So let's take a look at the resource timeline here. So this is just an example of one of my buckets. You can see I actually created it a long time ago back in 2017. You can see I've had config enabled for quite some time, so for the fun of it, I expanded one of the configuration changes that happened way back then and I believe this was actually on a bucket called and cloudtrail. And you can see I started making changes to this new bucket. So you can see that the date that this change happened was October 12th, 2017 at 951. You can see the old configuration was no configuration, but now I have a new configuration in my account. Any changes that I make to any of my resources inside of my account, it would be logged in this timeline. So if I had an EC2 instance that was running and maybe I changed the role and that broke the permissions that that EC2 needed to go ahead and access an S3 bucket, well that would have impacted our application and that would have shown inside of our timeline here. You'd be able to go to that resource and see, hey, look, this person inside of our account, this is the change that they made and they actually changed their role from read, write to read only. And now the application can no longer write to our S3 bucket. Easy way to help with troubleshooting here. Another thing that config does really well is it provides what's called rules. Now, since config is already monitoring all of our resources, what we can do is create these config rules to evaluate the configurations of our resources. In this case we're talking about S3 buckets. They actually match the desired state of what we want them. So these rules are run every 24 hours and if a rule is not compliant, it will show up in bright red. It'll say not compliant. It'll allow you to click directly into that and showcase the resources in your account that are not compliant. And so what do we mean by rules? What can we actually do with them? Well, specifically for S3, there are a lot of built in rules that we can use out of the box. Now, if you take a look at some of these rules here, you can see maybe S3 bucket logging enabled. Do we have logging enabled for a bucket? Is that a requirement in our organization? If it is, maybe we create an AWS config rule that says all buckets must have logging enabled and if somebody were to go create a bucket that did not have logging enabled, it would show up in config and you'd be able to go and quickly identify the resource that does not have logging enabled. And then you can obviously go fix that other things in here. S3 Public read prohibited. Write prohibited. Maybe you have SSL requests, only encryption KMS, maybe in your organization you decided that, hey, we're going to standardize on using KMS for encryption. And so you can go enable this rule. And if somebody creates a bucket and it's using SSH customer based keys or if it's using SSH S3, then it would alert you that that bucket is no longer meeting the criteria and it would show as non-compliant. And so you can go quickly understand which bucket is not compliant and you can go make those changes out of the box. You get a lot of config rules that are available for you directly for S3. Now if you do have additional requirements beyond these policies that are provided for you, you can actually go create your custom rule as well. So all you have to do is know how to write a lambda function since really. All these rules are going to do is execute a lambda function on the back end to determine whether the rule is compliant or not. Super easy way to use AWS config to ensure that your configurations for your buckets meet your desired state on what you want them to be. Again, if you want life cycle policies, if you want to protect it by a backup plan, if you want notifications enabled, you can set that up. And any time a bucket does not match the criteria, you're going to be alerted by AWS config in the dashboard and then you can go quickly narrow down which resources don't meet that criteria and go and remediate them. That's AWS config for you at a very high level and that's how it relates to using it for S3 monitoring and alerting. So let's jump into the console and we'll showcase how we can configure AWS config rules to monitor our S3 buckets.