So you got this fancy foundation model or a model that you fine tuned. How do you know if it's any good? How do you measure it? Turns out it's a hard problem. You know, when you have a model whose job is to just answer arbitrary questions using plain language? How do you know if it's good or not? There's no numbers that you can evaluate it against. It's not really straightforward to say. Was this an accurate result or not? Um, it's a problem. You know, people have trouble measuring the quality of these llms, and often they make the mistake of measuring them based on how they respond to questions that are already baked into their training data. Remember, don't test systems on the data that you train them with. That's cheating, right? So measuring these systems is really, really hard. And getting good metrics about which models are better than others is also very, very hard. One way to cheat is to just use humans to evaluate it. You know, use subjective judgments from real human beings as opposed to even trying to use an algorithm. Right. Um, so you can ask humans just to rate these things, how does it feel to use this thing from a user experience standpoint? How do you feel the relevancy or sensitivity of this response was to what you were asking for? You know, if you did, you feel like you got a good answer to what you asked for. And that can be dangerous too, because Llms can fool you. They can sound very authoritative about what information they're giving you, but it could still be completely wrong. Right. So even these human metrics can be incorrect as well. You can measure how creative and flexible is the model. So if I ask it to do something unexpected or something complex that wasn't baked into its training data at all, how does it deal with that? Does it just make stuff up? Um, does it say, I don't know, does it actually construct a useful response? You know, you can evaluate it based on that as well. But again, you're depending on the human's ability to differentiate, um, the model lying to you, uh, from what it should have said. Right. Another thing you can do is evaluate a model against benchmark data sets. So the idea here is that you have a set of sample questions that are used as prompts and answers that are generated by subject matter experts out there, actual human beings who know what the correct answer is to those prompts. So that can be used to test the performance of a specific application or a model, or testing the performance for a specific kinds of problems, like reasoning ability. So if you have a test set of prompts that require some level of reasoning, you know, breaking a problem down into smaller problems and putting them together. You could use a benchmark data set to provide a set of test prompts that require reasoning to solve. Compare the responses against the ideal responses that actually applied reasoning to the answer, and see how close they are, and just measure how close the generated responses from your model are to the sample ideal evaluation responses that we're providing. So that's what's going on in this diagram to the right here we have a set of test prompts that are fed into our model that generates responses. We then have an evaluator that compares those against ideal responses that are provided as evaluation responses. And it can generate a set of scores as to how similar the generated responses are to the so-called ideal responses. So this can at least be useful as a way to get initial metrics for before you get human feedback, you know, a way of measuring it offline to sort of a as an initial guide as to whether you're doing better or not. Often you see these sorts of things used for foundation model leaderboards. There's a lot of people out there that publish these charts as to which models are the best, and they use metrics like this. Often things you can measure this way include Accuracy. How close was the generated result to the ideal one? Also speed and efficiency. How quickly did it get to that result? Scalability. How well is it holding up to lots of data? More users? Longer prompts? More context? How big of a prompt can it handle? And also you can measure its ability to retrieve context. We did touch on this already with retrieval augmented generation. So if your system depends on retrieving external data, how relevant is that retrieve data to the actual question at hand. So there's a whole set of ways to measure retrieval augmented generation that get into that as well. However this is only as good as your test and evaluation data is. So these metrics can be flawed. They can be incomplete. You know, you didn't think of everything. And an even more important problem here is that often those test prompts are baked into the training data of these models. So if these test prompts and evaluation responses leak their way into the training data, maybe somebody published a blog post around it and that blog got ingested by the model. Well, now all of a sudden it has an open book exam, right? So it already knows what the test prompts and ideal responses are. And it's training data. And that's no longer a valid way to measure the actual performance of this model at that point. Huge, huge problem. Like, you see a lot of coding models out there that are tested on their ability to solve coding exercises for job interviews. They call that leetcode, right? Um, if it already knows the answers to those, what are you really testing there? You're just testing whether or not that was in their training data. That's that's not a good metric. Another way of evaluating stuff is by using another model as a judge. So let's say you have a model that you do trust that you know, produces good results compared to the one that you have. Uh, you could use that larger model, that more tuned model to judge the performance of your model. So in this architecture here again, we have a set of test prompts that are being fed to your model to generate responses. And again we have a set of evaluation data that has the ideal, uh, answers to those prompts or maybe contextual information that we looked up externally that's relevant to those prompts. I can feed those both into a judge model and ask that judge model to say, okay, I think that you did a good job or not, and that can produce scores for relevancy or comprehensiveness or accuracy or whatever. So, um, the evaluator here is just an actual trusted large language model that you use for evaluation purposes. Now, this does sort of depend on the assumption that the judge model is quote unquote better than your model. So this is more appropriate in situations where you're testing a small language model, something that's more focused, right, or something where your intention was to be smaller and more efficient, and you're trying to approximate the behavior of this larger model with as few resources as you can. So that might be an appropriate use of this technique. Why not do both? You know, you can do hybrid approaches where you compare both human feedback and also benchmark based approaches to reveal the limitations of both approaches. Right. So if human beings are saying this model is great, and my actual metrics based on evaluation compared to a set of test prompts and responses says not so much. Maybe that means that my human responses aren't really all that useful. You know, like I said, humans can be fooled pretty easily. So doing both in a hybrid approach where you're using human feedback as well as this algorithmic feedback together can help you expose problems when they don't agree with each other. And you can then dig into, well, which one is wrong and what is that telling me about this model?