So you've learned about CloudWatch at a high general level. Let me tie this in real quickly to generative AI and how this might fit in with your AI applications. So obviously you can use this to test prop regression if you're logging your data in CloudWatch. Maybe that's the source of your data for figuring out, um, how are my responses differing over time? How are my prompts changing over time? These are all ways to measure what's actually going on, which is the first step toward testing it, right? Those CloudWatch logs contain valuable information. The prompt inputs, the model responses, and it's going to be foundational to any monitoring and troubleshooting that you might be doing in generative AI applications, or any applications for that matter. But the specific things that it would be storing that you're interested in are prompt inputs and model responses. There are also some AI specific key performance indicators you might be able to track there as well, like prompt effectiveness, response quality, latency, end to end, and error rates coming back from your system as well. These are all things you might want to put on a dashboard somewhere and a little bit unrelated, but I just want to throw it out there. There is some talk of a feature called CloudWatch, evidently as an a b testing framework that comes up from time to time in the AWS preparation materials for this exam. That is no longer a thing that's been deprecated, so I would not expect to see CloudWatch evidently presented as an a b testing framework for you. There are other tools you can use for that. For that. For example, SageMaker deployments has that feature baked in. Other things you might want to keep track of. And these may or may not be in CloudWatch, but this seems like as good a place to put this as anywhere. Foundation model interaction tracing. So if you want to store those logs that include the traces of your AI Agentic AI systems and that detailed information about how they worked under the hood, you might want to keep track of that business impact metrics. You know, what's the actual impact this system is having on your business? Is it making any money? Is it driving sales? At the end of the day, that's all you probably really care about, right? Prompt effectiveness. You know, how well are your prompts working and achieving the desired results? Hallucination rates. You know, we talked about ways to measure that against ground truth data sets and prompt data sets and keeping track of any anomalies that might be getting detected. So token bursts, you know, are people kind of, uh, giving unexpected bursts of traffic to your system that you need to dig into? Are your responses drifting over time? Are they becoming less and less similar as time goes on? You might want to dig into why that's happening. And the first step is measuring it. Also, your bedrock model invocation logs can come in handy, of course, for digging into what might be going on over time, and you want to keep track of any cost anomalies as well. So you definitely want to be tracking the cost of this system and making sure you understand when things are shooting through the roof and if so, why, and what you can do about it.