So let's practice using X-Ray. And for this I'm gonna go into the CloudWatch console. And it turns out that the X-Ray console is now in the CloudWatch console. So you can see it on the left hand side under service map. Currently we see nothing, but we'll see something soon. That's because it's better to have X-Ray with the metrics your logs and your alarms all in one place. Okay, so if we wanted to have some data in X-Ray we need to set up a demo app but it turns out that, well, the demo app as per my trials and errors, doesn't work in AWS. So therefore I've created my own demo app that is a modification of what AWS has created. And we'll deploy this on CloudFormation. So you go to CloudFormation and you create a stack. And the stack we're going to use in here is the stack that's under the X-Ray folder called EB Javas Scorekeep X-Ray simplified. This is a simplified template from AWS. So we're going to upload a template file and choose the EB Javas Scorekeep X-Ray simplified. So the stack name is going to be called Scorekeep X-Ray. And then you scroll down, you leave everything as default except at the very bottom three things. So for subnet one, you're going to choose the first subnet. For subnet ID two, you choose the second subnet. And finally, for VPCID, you choose the VPC right here. And the reason we do so is that this is we indicate to the templates where we want to deploy our resources. So click on next, then click on next and then acknowledge and submit. And this is going to create a CloudFormation template for us. And if you have a look at it, this CloudFormation template actually deploys an ECS cluster. And then we're going to have a front-end API a front-end image, sorry, a backend API all using X-Ray so that we see data in the X-Ray folder and then it's going to be running on the T2 or T3 micro. Okay, so this is good. Now let's go in here and wait for this to be fully done. Okay, so my stack is now fully deployed and if I go into resources I can see all the things that have been created as part of this confirmation templates. So we can see, for example, an ECS execution role ASG a game table, which is DynamoDB and so on. So how do we use this web application. Well, you go to outputs, refresh this and then we have the loaded balancer. You are over here that you just open in your new page. And then you should have this kind of UI. So I'm going to leave the session as games. I'm going to leave this to random and click on create. Here we have to create a game name. So I'm going to create a Sample Game and then the rules of it is going to be Tic Tac Toe. And then click on create. And now we can view the traces recession but you click on this. This is going to take you to the old X-Ray console, which is right here. And as you can see there's a new X-Ray console, experience available. That is the one that I'm showing you right here. So for now, let's just keep on playing. So let's click on this game and click on play. And here we have a classic game of Tic Tac Toe. So you just click wherever you want. So here, here, here. And then, oh, you see there's a line. So you'll see in a second that X has won, so X wins. So yes, we have done this entire game and we could go back and play more games. What's going to happen is that as we play the games this is going to send traces into X-Ray. And so if I go into X-Ray right here and look at my service map, which is the first part. So I'm going to zoom out a little bit just for this ones. So this is my service map, and this shows the dependencies of all my components in AWS and how they relate towards the API calls that have been made. And as you can see, we have an ECS container right here. This is what's representing it. And then we also have a DynamoDB table. We have another DynamoDB table. So we have two of them. We have an SNS. And you see right now it's a bit orange is because this is an error and we'll have a look at it. We also have a session table we have a state table, an SNS topic, and another table. So we have so many DynamoDB tables and so on. And this is the service map. So you can imagine as you have many microservices and all of them making API calls to each other if they're all instrumented with X-Ray then you will start seeing the dependencies between all these services. And on top of it, in case there is an error this will be highlighted right here. So if we click on this, for example we can have a look at the latency. So we see the average latency and so on over time the number of requests over time, number of faults and the response time distribution if we want it to. And as we have a look at this, if I click on here as you can see here, it says error 100% to SNS. So it looks like that SNS is getting some errors. And so what I can do is that I can analyze these traces by clicking on view traces. So now we have these, this is the traces console and this is where we can start to query some traces so we can run a query and view what's happening. But currently we don't have any data. So instead I'm going to do is just run a query with nothing. And as you can see, we have 21 different traces. So everything looks good. And what's going to happen is that you can filter them by note. So figure out which ones are going to be important to you. So maybe you just wanna look at traces related to the ECS container or to this score, keep game table and so on. So you can start to build your query. As you can see, if I only want to look at score keep game then I can add to query. And this is going to populate my trace query right here. And I can run my query and instead of 21, I have 10 traces. And then on top of it, now half this, I can look at like the response graphs in terms of latency. So it looks like most of my requests are under 200 milliseconds but there has been one request at over 500 milliseconds. So again, it really depends on what you want to get out of it but this could be some good indications and help you look into, for example this one request right here that was slow. And we can have a look and understand. So if we look at the duration, this is probably this one. So if you click on it now you have details about a specific trace. And so this trace is going to show you the trace map just for that once. So as you can see, we have a little bit less information in here because this trace was using only the ECS container and four DynamoDB tables. And if you scroll down now you see the actual breakdown of the request based on the different events that happens. And so you can see that this post right here to this URL actually triggered a lot of API calls to DynamoDB. So first get item on score, keep game then get item on score clip states and so on. And you can see the latency, how long each take and so on. So this gives you some information around your data. And of course as you click on it, then you're going to get some segment details information to look whether or not you had errors, to look the resources, the annotations, if anything, and the metadata. So you can get a lot of information around what failed and what didn't fail. And of course, this is only relevant when there is a failure for analyzing the failures but this gives you really good latency information. And if you had CloudHSM logs enabled then you could also see the corresponding logs for that specific trace which makes X-Ray really, really, really powerful. So that's it. That's what I want you to remember for X-Ray. Now in the state of things, right now X-Ray does not have all the features from the previous console so we only have service map and traces. But if you're go in here in the X-Ray console as you can see, we have configurations such as sampling, encryption, and groups which are don't appear yet in this console. So for now I may use this console as well in the future videos. Just know that X-Ray and you're good to go. And finally, just to be clear, you need to delete the stack so that it doesn't leave it running. So you can just delete it, call the score, keep X-Ray delete the stack, and you're good to go. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.