Let's talk about AWS Lake Formation, a relatively new feature. It was announced back in 2018 and really saw a lot of refinement over 2020. And we're just now starting to see it show up in the exam. Lake formation is built on top of glue, and it's really meant as a system for making it easier to set up a secure data lake. Their tagline is it makes it easy to set up a secure data lake in days, which I guess is pretty quick. The things that it manages for you is loading your data from an external source and monitoring those data flows, so it allows you to connect to your existing data sources, whether they're already in S3 or in some on premises database. It can set up partitions for you. It can help you manage encryption and manage the keys surrounding that. And it can let you set up the transformations associated with that data from the get go. Again, it's built on top of glue, so pretty much anything glue, ETL or any of the glue features can do is available to you. If spark can do it, then Lake Formation can do it too. It's just using glue under the hood to apply those transformations, and that includes transforming it into a new format, like a columnar format like parquet or Orc. That's on the table cleaning your data, you know, getting rid of missing rows, whatever you want to do. Anything that we've talked about with glue you can do with lake formation. It can also help you manage the access control to the data in your data lake. It can help with auditing, and really, its purpose in life is to kind of guide you through the process of building your data lake in a secure fashion. So let's talk about it from a more conceptual standpoint here. Basically, you have a big S3 data lake sitting there when you're done, right. So lake formation is going to sit alongside that S3 data lake, help you create it, help you maintain it going forward so it can take as a data source anything in S3 from some relational database that you might have sitting around, or even NoSQL data sources. And those can be on premises as well. It doesn't have to be in AWS yet. So again, the purpose of lake formation is to help you set up that data lake, and that data might be coming from someplace else within lake formation. You can set up all the crawlers and ETL jobs and data catalogs and security and access control, any data cleaning or transformations, including to parquet or ORC. Again, basically anything glue can do, you can set up as part of lake formation. And once you have a lake formation set up, it can then integrate with Athena or Redshift easily or redshift spectrum. So Athena and Redshift can then query that data automatically if you have it all registered in lake formation. And a relatively new feature in 2020 is EMR can also talk to lake formation directly as well. Pricing Lake formation itself doesn't cost anything, but the underlying services do. Of course, that includes glue, S3, EMR, Athena, and Redshift. Normal charges will apply for whatever you build using it. The process for building a data lake using lake formation. It's a little more complicated than you might think. It doesn't really do it all for you. This is why they say it takes days and not just minutes. Basically, you have to start by creating an IAM user for a data analyst role. You know the person that's going to be using this data lake and building it. You then need to create a glue connection to the incoming data source or sources. Create an S3 bucket for the lake itself. And then once you've done that, you can register that S3 path in lake formation and start granting permissions to it. So this is where lake formation starts to be useful. You then create a database within lake formation for the underlying data catalog and grant necessary permissions to it. And at that point, you can start using blueprints to build up workflows, for example, making database snapshots, whatever you want to do to transform that data and get it into your data lake. You then run the workflow and grant select permissions to whoever needs to access the resulting data Lake Athena or Redshift Spectrum or now it could be EMR as well. That's it conceptually, which is pretty much all you need to know for the exam. Sometimes they like to dig in on these little troubleshooting things and scenarios of things that can go wrong with it. One finer point with AWS Lake formation is the issue of cross-account permissions. So if you do need to have people across different accounts accessing your data lake and accessing lake formation, you need to make sure that the recipient is set up as a data lake administrator. And also take note that AWS Resource Access Manager Ram can be a useful tool for managing accounts external to your organization and what resources they can access within your account. Also, there are IAM permissions for cross-account access that will be relevant here as well. Keep in mind lake formation does not support manifests in queries from Athena or Redshift. So that is one thing that can cause errors if you're using a manifest in a query. One thing to keep in mind. Also remember IAM permissions on the KMS encryption keys are needed for encrypted data catalogs in lake formation, and IAM permissions are needed to create blueprints and workflows within lake formation. So these are all potential, uh, troubleshooting things. You might want to know if you're encountering an error about being able to create a blueprint or a workflow. It's probably an IAM issue. If you're having a cross-account permission issue, you probably need to do something with Ram. So things to keep in the back of your head. I do want to spend a little bit more time on data permissions in lake formation, because reportedly this does crop up in the exam in a couple of places. So let's go into a little bit of depth. Lake formation does make it easier to set permissions on your underlying data in S3. So this is often a way to enforce really fine grained control. We have the ability to restrict permissions all the way down to the column level, just using this UI that you see on the right here, it's pretty easy to use. So just by studying this UI screen, you can understand a lot of what the capabilities are. Starting at the top, you can see that you can tie your permissions to IAM users, or roles to Saml users and groups, or to external AWS accounts. Even those are all possible, and you can just build up a list of the different principles that you want to tie a specific set of permissions to. It allows you to use policy tags if you want to, and that can be tied to databases, tables or columns. And you can base your security based on those tags. That's always a good practice. Or you can just explicitly set permissions based on either a table or a specific columns within the table below. And you can see there's a very handy UI there for saying, do you want to let them do selects or inserts or deletes or anything else that you can dream up there for a specific table, or even for specific columns on a table? So if you see questions about implementing column based security on your data, Lake Lake formation might be the way to do it.