Let's dive into more depth with CNN's first. Usually you hear about CNN's in the context of image analysis. Their whole point is to find things in your data that might not be exactly where you expected them to be. Technically, we call this feature location invariant. That means that if you're looking for some pattern or some feature in your data, but you don't know where exactly it might be in your data, a CNN can scan your data and find those patterns for you, wherever they might be. So for example, in this picture here, that stop sign could be anywhere in the image. But a CNN is able to find that stop sign no matter where it might be. Now it's not just limited to image analysis. It can also be used for any sort of problem where you don't know where the features you have might be located within your data. Machine translation and natural language processing comes to mind for that. You don't necessarily know where the noun or the verb or the phrase you care about might be in some paragraph or sentence you're analyzing, but a CNN can find it and pick it out for you. Sentiment analysis might be another application of CNN, so you might not know exactly where a phrase might be that indicates some happy sentiment or some frustrated sentiment or whatever you might be looking for. But CNN's can scan your data and pluck it out, and you'll see that the idea behind it isn't really as complicated as it sounds. This is another example of people using fancy words to make things sound more complicated than they really are. I should point out that for using CNN for things like language and sentiment analysis, there are variants of CNN's that are more appropriate like that. We call them like with attention. So, so in those specific kinds of problems, it does matter where those features are and you actually need to keep track of it. But anyway, that's a detail that's not that important. So how does CNN's work? Well, CNN's convolutional neural networks, again, are inspired by the biology of your visual cortex. They take cues from how your brain actually processes images from your retina. And it's another fascinating example of emergent behavior. The way your eyes work is that individual groups of neurons service a specific part of your field of vision. We call these local receptive fields. They are just groups of neurons responding to a part of what your eyes see. They subsample the image coming in from your retinas, and they have specialized groups of neurons for processing specific parts of the field of view that you see with your eyes. Now, these little areas from each local receptive field overlap each other to cover your entire visual field. And this is called convolution. Convolution is just a fancy way of saying, I'm going to break up this data into little chunks and process those chunks individually, and then the system assembles a bigger picture of what you're seeing higher up in the chain. The way it works within your brain is that you have many layers, just like a deep neural network that identifies various complexities of features, if you will. So the first layer that you go into from your convolutional neural network inside your head might just identify horizontal lines or lines at different angles or specific kinds of edges. We call these filters and they feed into a layer above them that would then assemble those lines that had identified at the lower level into shapes. Maybe there's a layer above that that would be able to recognize objects based on the patterns of shapes that you see. So we have this hierarchy that detects lines and edges and then shapes from the lines and then objects from the shapes. If you're dealing with color images we have to multiply everything by three because you actually have specialized cells within your retina for detecting red, green and blue light. These are processed individually and assembled together later. So that's all a CNN is. It's just taking a source image or a source data of any sort, really breaking it up into little chunks called convolutions. And then we assemble those and look for patterns at increasingly higher complexities at higher levels in your neural network. So how does your brain know that you're looking at a stop sign there? Well, let's talk about this in more colloquial language. Like we said, you have individual local receptive fields that are responsible for processing specific parts of what you see. And those local receptive fields are scanning your image and they overlap with each other, looking for edges. You might notice that your brain is very sensitive to contrast and edges that it sees in the world. Those tend to catch your attention, right? That's why the letters on this slide catch your attention, because there's high contrast between the letters and the white background behind them. So at a very low level, you're picking up the edges of that stop sign and the edges of the letters on the stop sign. Now, a higher level might take those edges and recognize the shape of that stop sign. That layer says, oh, there's an octagon there. That means something special to me. Or those letters form the word stop. That means something special to me, too. And ultimately that will get matched against whatever classification pattern your brain has of a stop sign. So no matter which receptive field picked up that stop sign at some layer, it will be recognized as a stop sign. And furthermore, because you're processing data in color, you can also use the information that the stop sign is read and further use that to aid in the classification of what this object really is. So somewhere in your head, there's a neural network that says, hey, if I see edges arranged in an octagon pattern that has a lot of red in it and says, stop in the middle, that means I should probably hit the brakes on my car. And at some even higher level, where your brain is doing higher reasoning, that's what happened. There's a pattern that says, hey, there's a stop sign coming up here. I better hit the brakes in my car. And if you've been driving long enough, you don't even really think about it anymore, do you? It feels like it's hardwired, and that literally may be the case anyway. A convolutional neural network and an artificial convolutional neural network works the same way. It's the same exact idea. So how do you build a CNN with Keras and TensorFlow? Well, obviously you probably don't want to do this at a very low level, even though you could. CNNs can get pretty complicated. So higher level APIs such as Keras become essential. First of all, you need to make sure that your source data is of the appropriate dimensions and the appropriate shape you're going to be preserving the actual 2D structure of an image if you're dealing with image data here. So the shape of your data might be the width times the length times the number of color channels. If it's a black and white image, there's only one color channel that indicates some grayscale value between black and white at every point in the image. We can do that with a single value at each point, but if it's a color image, you'd have three color channels one for red, one for green, and one for blue, because you can create any color by combining red, green, and blue together. There are some specialized types of layers in Keras that you can use when you're dealing with convolutional neural networks. For example, there's the conv 2D layer type that does the actual convolution on a 2D image. And again, convolution is just breaking up that image into little subfields that overlap each other for individual processing. There's also a conv 1D and a conv 3D layer available as well. You don't have to use CNN's with images. Like we said, it can also be used with text data, for example. And that might be an example of one dimensional data The conv 3D layer is available as well. If you're dealing with 3D volumetric data of some sort. So there's a lot of possibilities there. Another specialized layer in Keras for CNNs is Maxpooling 2D, and there's a 1D and 3D variant of that as well. The idea of that is just to reduce the size of your data down. It just takes the maximum value seen in a given block of an image, and reduces it to a layer down to those maximum values. It's just a way of shrinking the images in such a way that it can reduce the processing load on the CNN. As you can see, processing a CNN is a very computing intensive operation, and the more you can do to reduce the work you have to do, the better. So if you have more data in your image than you need, a maxpooling 2D layer can be useful for distilling that down to the bare essence of what you need to analyze. Finally, at some point, you need to feed this data into a flat layer of neurons. At some point, it's just going to go into a perceptron. And at this stage, we just need to flatten that 2D layer into a 1D layer so we can just pass it into a layer of neurons. From that point, it just looks like any other feedforward neural network or a multi-layer perceptron. So the magic of CNNs really happens at a lower level. It ultimately gets converted into what looks like the same types of multi-layer perceptrons that we've been using before. The magic happens in actually processing your data, convolving it, and reducing it down to something that's manageable. So typical usage of image processing with a CNN would look like this. You might start with a conv 2D layer that does the actual convolution of your image data. You might follow that up with a max pooling 2D layer on top of that that distills that image down, just shrinking the amount of data that you have to deal with. You might then do a dropout layer on top of that, which just prevents overfitting. And at that point, you might apply a flatten layer to actually be able to feed that data into a perceptron. That's where a dense layer might come into play. A dense layer in Keras is just a perceptron. Really. It's a hidden layer of neurons, and from there we might do another dropout pass to further prevent overfitting, and finally do a softmax to choose the final classification that comes out of your neural network. As I said, CNNs are very computationally intensive. They are very heavy on your CPU, your GPU, and your memory requirements. Shuffling all that data around and convolving it adds up really, really fast. And beyond that, there's a lot of what we call hyperparameters. A lot of different knobs and dials so you can adjust your CNN. So in addition to the usual stuff, you can tune the topology of your neural network or what optimizer you use, or what loss function you use, or what activation function you use. There are also choices to make about the kernel sizes. That's the area that you actually convolve across. How many layers do you have? How many units do you have? How much pooling do you do when you reduce the image down? There's a lot of variance here. There's almost an infinite amount of possibilities for configuring a CNN, but often just obtaining the data to train your CNN is the hardest part. So, for example, if you own a Tesla that's actually taking pictures of the world around you and the road around you and all the street signs and traffic lights as you drive every night, it sends all those images back to some data server somewhere. So Tesla can actually run training on its own neural networks based on that data. So if you slam on the brakes while you're driving a Tesla at night, that information is going to be fed into a big data center somewhere. And Tesla is going to crunch on that and say, hey, is there a pattern here to be learned from what I saw from the cameras, from the car? That means you should slam on the brakes. When you think about the scope of that problem. Just the sheer magnitude and processing and obtaining and analyzing of all that data, that becomes very challenging in and of itself. Now, fortunately, the problem of tuning the parameters doesn't have to be as hard as I described it to be. There are specialized architectures of convolutional neural networks that do some of that work for you. A lot of research goes into trying to find the optimal topologies and parameters for a CNN for a given type of problem, and you can think of this as like a library you can draw from. So for example, there's the LeNet five architecture that you can use that's suitable for handwriting recognition in particular. There's also one called AlexNet which is appropriate for image classification. It's a deeper neural network than Linnet. In the example we talked about on the previous slides, we only had a single hidden layer, but you can have as many as you want. It's just a matter of how much computational power you have available. There's also something called Google Linette, and you can probably guess who came up with that one. It's even deeper, but it has better performance because it introduces a concept called inception modules. Inception modules group convolution layers together, and that's a useful optimization for how it all works. Finally, the most sophisticated one today is called ResNet that stands for residual network. And it's an even deeper neural network. But it maintains performance by what's called skip connections. It has special connections between the layers of the perceptron to further accelerate things. So it builds upon the fundamental architecture of a neural network to optimize its performance. As you'll see, CNNs can be very demanding on performance. ResNet comes up a lot in the world of AWS. Typically, variations of ResNet, like ResNet 50, specifically come up in the world of image classification algorithms within SageMaker and other spots.