Now let's go into some more depth on recurrent neural networks and what they're all about. So what's an RNN for? Well, a couple of things. Basically they're for sequences of data that might be a sequence in time. So you might use it for processing time series data where you're trying to look at a sequence of data points over time and predict the future behavior of something over time in turn. RNNs are fundamentally for sequential data of some sort. Some examples of time series data might be web logs, where you are receiving different hits to your website over time, or sensor logs where you're getting different inputs from sensors from the Internet of Things. Or maybe you're trying to predict stock behavior by looking at historical stock trading information. These are all potential applications for recurrent neural networks, because they can look at the behavior over time and try to take that behavior into account when it makes future projections. Another example might be if you're trying to develop a self-driving car, you might have a history of where your car has been, its past trajectories, and maybe that can inform how your car might want to turn in the future. So you might take into account the fact that your car has been turning along a curve to predict that perhaps it should continue to drive along a curve until the road straightens out. The sequence doesn't have to just be in time. It can be any kind of sequence of arbitrary length. Something else that comes to mind are languages. Sentences are just sequences of words, right? So you can apply RNNs to language or machine translation, or producing captions for videos or images. These are examples of where the order of words in a sentence might matter, and the structure of the sentence, and how these words are put together could convey more meaning than you could get by just looking at those words individually without context. So again, an RNN can make use of that ordering of the words and try to use that as part of its model. Another interesting application of RNNs is machine generated music. You can also think of music sort of like text, where instead of a sequence of words or letters, you have a sequence of musical notes You can actually build a neural network that can take an existing piece of music and extend upon it, using a recurring neural network to try to learn the patterns that were aesthetically pleasing from the music in the past. Conceptually, this is what a single recurrent neuron looks like in terms of a model. It looks a lot like an artificial neuron that we've looked at before. The big difference is that this little loop here is going around it. As we run a training step on this neuron, some training data gets fed into it. Or maybe this is an input from a previous layer in our neural network. It will apply some sort of step function after summing all the inputs into it. In this case we're going to be using something more like a hyperbolic tangent, because mathematically, we want to be sure that we preserve some of the information over time in a smooth manner. Now usually we would just output the result of that summation and that activation function as the output of this neuron. But we're also going to feed that back into the same neuron. So the next time we run some data through this neuron, that data from the previous run also gets summed into the results as an extra input. So as we keep running this thing over and over again, we'll have some new data coming in that gets blended together with the output from the previous run through this neuron, and it just keeps happening over and over and over again. So you can see that over time, the past behavior of this neuron influences its future behavior and influences how it learns. Another way of thinking about this is by unrolling it in time. So what this diagram shows is the same single neuron, just at three different time steps. When you start to dig into the mathematics of how RNNs work. This is a more useful way of thinking about it. So if we consider this to be time step zero. At the left, you can see there's some sort of data input coming into this recurrent neuron, and that will produce some sort of output after going through its activation function. That output also gets fed into the next time step. So if this is time step one in the middle with this same neuron, you can see that this neuron is receiving not only a new input, but also the output from the previous time step, and those get summed together. This activation function gets applied to it and that gets output as well. The output of that combination then gets fed into the next time step call this time. Step two where a new input for time. Step two gets fed into this neuron, and the output from the previous step also gets fed in. They get summed together, the activation function is run and we have a new output. This is called a memory cell because it does maintain memory of its previous outputs over time. And you can see that even though it's getting some together at each time step, over time, those earlier behaviors kind of get diluted. So we're adding in time step zero to time step one. And then the sum of those two things end up working into time. Step two. So one property of memory cells is that more recent behavior tends to have more of an influence on the current time step. This can be a problem in some applications, but there are ways to work against that that we can talk about later. Stepping this up, you can have a layer of recurrent neurons. In this diagram, we are looking at four individual recurrent neurons that are working together as part of a layer. You can have some input going into this layer as a whole that gets fed into these four different recurring neurons, and then the output of those neurons can get fed back into the next step to every neuron in that layer. So all we're doing is scaling this out horizontally. So instead of a single recurrent neuron, we have a layer of four recurrent neurons where all of the output of those neurons is feeding into the behavior of those neurons in the next learning step. You can scale this out to have more than one neuron and learn more complicated patterns. As a result, RNNs open up a wide range of possibilities because now we have the ability to deal not just with vectors of information or static snapshots of some sort of a state. We can also deal with sequences of data as well. There are four different combinations here that an RNN can deal with. We can deal with sequence to sequence neural networks. If our input is a time series or some sort of sequence of data, we can also have an output that is a time series or some sequence of data as well. So if you're trying to predict stock prices in the future based on historical trades, that might be an example of a sequence to sequence topology. We can also mix and match sequences with the older vector static states that we predicted just using multi-layer perceptrons, we would call that sequence to vector. If we were starting with a sequence of data, we could produce just a snapshot of some state as a result of analyzing that sequence. An example might be looking at the sequence of words in a sentence, to produce some idea of the sentiment that sentence conveys. You can go the other way around too. You can go from a vector to a sequence. An example of that might be taking an image, which is a static vector of information, and then producing a sequence from that vector. For example, words in a sentence, creating a caption created from an image. We can chain these things together in interesting ways too. We can have encoders and decoders built up that feed into each other. For example, we might start with a sequence of information from a sentence of some language. Embody what that sentence means as some sort of a vector representation, and then turn that around into a new sequence of words in some other language. That might be how a machine translation system could work. You might start with a sequence of words in French. Build up what we call an embedding layer, just a vector that embodies the meaning of that sentence, and then produce a new sequence of words in English or whatever language you want. That's an example of using a recurrent neural network for machine translation. There are lots of exciting possibilities here. Births. Training RNNs, just like CNN's is hard, and in some ways it's even harder. The main twist here is that we need to back propagate not only through the neural network itself and all of its layers while we're training, but also through time. From a practical standpoint, every one of those time steps ends up looking like another layer in our neural network while we're trying to train it. And those time steps can add up fast. Over time, we end up with a deeper and deeper neural network that we need to train, and the cost of actually performing gradient descent on that increasingly deep neural network becomes increasingly large. So to put an upper cap on that training time, often we limit the back propagation to a limited number of time steps. We call this truncated back propagation through time. It's something to keep in mind when you're training an RNN. You not only need to back propagate through the neural network topology that you've created, you also need to back propagate through all the time steps that you've built up to that point. Now, we talked earlier about the fact that as you're building up an RNN, the state from earlier time steps end up getting diluted over time because we just keep feeding in behavior from the previous time step in our run to the current step. This can be a problem if you have a system where older behavior does not matter less than newer behavior. For example, if you're looking at words in a sentence. The words at the beginning of a sentence might be even more important than words toward the end. If you're trying to learn the meaning of a sentence, there is no inherent relationship between where each word is and how important it might be in many cases. That's an example of where you might want to do something to counteract that effect. One way to do that is something called the LSTM cell. It stands for long short term memory cell. The idea here is that it maintains separate ideas of both short term and long term states, and it does this in a fairly complex way. Now, fortunately, you don't really need to understand the nitty gritty details of how this works. There's an image of it here for you to look at if you're curious, but the libraries that you use will implement this for you. The important thing to understand is that if you're dealing with a sequence of data where you don't want to give preferential treatment to more recent data, you probably want to use an LSTM cell instead of just using a straight up RNN. There's also an optimization on top of LSTM cells called GRU cells that stands for gated recurrent unit. It's just a simplification on LSTM cells that performs almost as well. So if you need to strike a compromise between performance in terms of how well your model works and performance in terms of how long it takes to train it, a GRU cell might be a good choice. GRU cells are a very popular in practice. Training in RNN is really hard. If you thought CNNs were hard, wait till you see RNNs. They are very sensitive to the topologies you choose and the choice of hyperparameters. And since we have to simulate things over time and not just through the static topology of your network, they can become extremely resource intensive. If you make the wrong choices, you might have a recurrent neural network that does not converge at all. It might be completely useless even after you've run it for hours to see if it actually works. So again, it's important to build upon previous research when you can try to find some sets of topologies and parameters that work well for similar problems to what you're trying to do