Next, let's talk about L1 and L2 regularization. This is more broad than just deep learning. This is something that applies to the entire field of machine learning. But the exam will expect you to know the difference between the two and when you might apply one over the other. Again, this is sort of a more advanced thing, but you know, that's what this exam is all about. It's seeing how advanced you are in machine learning. So the way this works is that it adds what we call a regularization term. As your weights are being learned in your neural network or machine learning model. L1 is just the sum of those weights, and L2 is the sum of the square of those weights. So graphically on the right here you can see that L1 ends up being that sort of diamond shape, whereas L2 being the square ends up being more round or. Well, it is round. It's a circle. So you can also apply the same idea to loss functions as well, and not just for regularization during training. So what's the practical difference between these two things. Well L1 as the sum of weights. In practice it ends up performing feature selection. Election mathematically can cause entire features to go to zero, so that regularization term can end up going to zero for a lot of terms, and actually choose some features that are more important than others. It is, however, computationally inefficient and results in sparse output because it's removing information at the end of the day. L2, however, the sum of the square of the weights. This causes all features to remain considered. It just weights them all differently. So nothing goes to zero. You just get very small or very large weights for different features based on how things shake out. It's more efficient computationally and results in denser output because it's not discarding anything. So L2 sounds pretty cool, right? I mean, I mean, I want to keep my information, don't I? But there are cases where you'd want L1. So again, we talked about the curse of dimensionality when we started talking about feature engineering and feature selection with L1. Regularization is one way of doing that automatically. And, you know, in an extreme example, out of 100 different features you have, maybe only ten would actually end up with non-zero coefficients with L1 regularization. So the resulting sparsity that you end up with can make up for the computational inefficiency of L1 regularization itself. So even though it's a little bit more intensive to compute L1 regularization, you end up with a much smaller set of features at the end of the day, which can speed up the training of your machine learning model considerably. Right. So at the end of the day, it's probably a win as far as total training time goes. So if you think that you're in a world where some of your features might not matter and you actually want to reduce that down to a smaller subset of features, L1 is probably going to work out well for you. However, if you think all your features are important, then go with L2 regularization because that's not going to do feature selection. It's not going to wipe out entire features by causing that regularization term to go all the way down to zero. It will just weight them lower. So that's the difference. L1 does feature selection. L2 keeps them all around, but just weights them all differently. And well that's the main difference guys. That's all there is. L1 and L2 regularization.