Something that kind of surprised me on the exam was how much depth they expect you to have on various edge cases around training a neural network. A couple of them involve gradients and some numerical issues with them. So let's dive into that. Maybe you haven't heard of the vanishing gradient problem, but let's talk about it, shall we? So what happens here is that as the slope of that learning curve that we're looking at, remember we're looking at the loss function on the y axis. And you know some set of weights on the on the x axis that we're trying out during gradient descent. So as the slope of this curve approaches zero. And that's going to happen at the bottom of those curves. Right. That's where the slope becomes flat and horizontal. Basically you can think of the slope again as the first derivative of this curve right. Mathematically if you remember your calculus. But as that slope ends up approaching zero, you start working with very small numbers and that can start causing problems numerically. It can slow down your training, and it can even get into the world of precision errors with your CPU, right? So as that slope becomes smaller and smaller, as you approach the bottom of that curve where you want to be and it can actually prove to be a very challenging place for a computer to operate. And this especially becomes a problem with deeper neural networks and also with RNNs, because those vanishing gradients end up propagating to deeper layers. So the vanishing gradient. Think about what that's saying, right? It's saying that I have a vanishing gradient. The gradient is approaching zero. A gradient approaching zero means that the slope at that point is approaching zero, or the first derivative is approaching zero. Basically, it just means we're reaching the bottom of one of those curves, which you know, might be a local minima, but it could be the correct answer as well. So that's an issue. It turns out and there's also the opposite problem as well. Exploding gradients where things are the opposite. They're they're getting more vertical like at the beginning of this graph here. That can also be a numerical issue as well. So what do we do about it? Well, there are a few different things you can do to address the vanishing gradient problem. One is by using what's called a multi-level hierarchy. The idea is to split your neural network up into several layers that are trained individually. So instead of training your entire deep neural network all at once, every single layer together, you train some levels and then you train some other levels, and then you train some other levels, all in this hierarchical approach where each subnetwork is trained individually that can help out with the limiting how far those vanishing gradients can propagate through your neural network. Also, there are specific architectures out there that are designed to address this problem. One is long short term memory or LSTM. You might recall that that's a specific kind of recurrent neural network that we talked about earlier. And also some of the residual networks like ResNet, which is very popular in the world of object recognition. That's a specific convolutional neural network architecture that's very popular these days. And it too is designed to address the vanishing gradient problem. Also, just choosing a better activation function can work out well. The activation function is basically how an individual neuron decides whether or not its weights should trigger a propagation of that signal or not, and you can have different functions that do that. One is called ReLU, and it has the property of being sort of a 45 degree angle when it's positive. And that actually avoids some numerical issues from gradients and when you're taking the derivative of that function. So just using ReLU can be a good choice for avoiding the vanishing gradient problem as well. So remember this stuff. If you do have the vanishing gradient problem these are ways to fix it. And these are the sorts of things people usually just learn through experience. But I'm giving you a leg up here. Remember these ReLU is a solution to vanishing gradient, as is multi-layer hierarchies and using specific architectures such as LSTM and ResNet. Also, on the topic of gradients, there's something called gradient checking. And if you haven't heard of that, it's just a debugging technique. So as you're actually developing a neural network framework, it might be a good idea to numerically check the derivatives that are computed during training and just make sure that they are what they should be. So if you're actually validating the underlying code of how your neural network works. Gradient checking is a good diagnostic tool to make sure that those gradients, those first derivatives, so that learning curve are exactly what you expect them to be. Now, you're probably not going to be doing gradient checking yourself in industry, because this is usually happening at a lower level than the code and frameworks that you're working with. But that's what gradient checking is in case the exam throws it out there as something that maybe you should know what it means. All right, so that's the world of grief with gradients and specific issues that the gradients during training can cause.