This exam does expect you to have a fair amount of depth into how hyperparameter tuning works within automatic model tuning. So let's go through a few tips and tricks here. One is early stopping, so that's an option you can set. If you just set it to auto in the console. And it will just stop a tuning job early if it's not improving the objective significantly. So it seems like a pretty simple thing to do. You know, if what you're trying to do isn't working, then stop trying, right? So through early stopping, if you detect that a specific run of your hyperparameter tuning is not having an effect or not making things better, maybe it's making things worse. It will give up early, and that can reduce your computing time and also avoid overfitting to your data. All you have to do is set early, stopping to auto to activate that. And this only works with algorithms that emit objective metrics after each epoch. So that's usually the case for anything that involves training a deep neural network, right? So after each epoch of training it will say here's how I'm doing. And hyperparameter tuning can use that information to do early stopping. If that metric is not going in the right direction Warm start is another trick you can use that uses one or more previous tuning jobs as a starting point for subsequent ones. So by looking at what the previous tuning job did and what its results were, maybe that it can use that to inform what combinations to start from next in its search for the optimal set of hyperparameters. It's also useful as a way to start where you left off. So if you have a large hyperparameter tuning job and these things can get very expensive and very time consuming if it fails for some reason in the middle and you had warm start on, well, that allows you to at least pick up from where you left off instead of starting over from scratch. So it's very useful for that. There are two options for warm start. One is called identical data and Algorithm, which is exactly what it sounds like. That allows you to assume that you're going to be training on the same data set through each run of the tuning jobs. However, if you want to keep on trying with different data sets as you tune the hyperparameters, there's a transfer learning option that allows you to do that. There are also resource limits in place, so they do have some limits there to make sure that you're not going to run up $1 million AWS bill. There are default limits on things like the number of parallel tuning jobs in your hyperparameter tuning, the number of hyperparameters you're tuning at once, the number of training jobs per tuning job. There's a long list, and if you want to increase any of those, well, AWS wants to make sure you know what you're doing. You would have to actually request a quota increase from AWS support to increase those resource limits, but they're pretty high by default. A little bit more depth on the different choices for hyperparameter tuning as well. There's a bunch of different approaches you can take. The most naive one is grid search. This is limited to categorical parameters. So if you have a list of parameters that have different category settings to those parameters, they're not numerical. You can just set up a grid of every possible value of those parameters, right. And go through them in brute force. So that's just what it sounds like. You get a grid of every possible combination of the possible values of the parameters you want, and it tries them all. And as you can imagine, that can get to be very, very expensive. If you have a lot of categories per parameter and a lot of parameters, it blows up very quickly. So there's a better way to do that, you would think. The most simple way to improve on that is something called random search, where instead of trying every possible combination, we just randomly choose them and we hope we get lucky and settle on things that work a little bit better than what you started from. Right. The good thing about random search, even though it sounds kind of dumb, is that it has no dependence on prior runs. So you can run all of those random iterations in parallel with each other. So at the same time, I can try these random combinations of parameters and see which one does the best at the end. So even though it's kind of a naive way to go about this, it can actually be pretty efficient. Although the results it gives you might not be optimal. We can do better though. There's Bayesian optimization. So that's going to treat your tuning job as a regression problem. So that will learn from each run to converge on the optimal set of values. Obviously you can't do that in parallel necessarily. You can do some of it in parallel. But if you want to be able to learn from run to run, then you need to run those runs sequentially at some level. So that will converge on the ideal set of parameters more intelligently, and not waste a lot of time trying combinations that are just, you know, definitely not going to work. So it can in one way be more efficient because it's regressing and converging on that correct set of values. But it does limit your ability to perform those runs in parallel. So at the same time, it can actually take more time. However, there's an even better way. Hyperband optimization. And this again is appropriate specifically for algorithms that publish results iteratively. For example, if you're training a neural network and it's giving you back accuracy metrics over several epochs of training. So there are some algorithms that don't do that where you can't use hyperband. But for most of the common ones these days that are built on deep learning, you can so Hyperband will dynamically allocate resources it needs. It does early stopping automatically, it does parallel processing automatically, and it's going to be a lot faster than random search or Bayesian. So kind of the best of all worlds there is hyperband optimization. So those are the different approaches to hyperparameter tuning. Good idea to know how these work and how you would select between them.