Let's talk about some of the more advanced SageMaker training techniques out there. And these are geared toward really large scale training applications, like training large language models where you're talking about billions of parameters, maybe even trillions of parameters. So if you need to scale things way, way, way, way up, if you're building the next generation AI, these are some ways you can do that on AWS. One tool that's being phased out is the SageMaker Training Compiler, but it does show up in AWS's training materials for this exam. So I'm going to cover it real quickly anyway. This is integrated into AWS deep learning containers. And if you're not, if you don't remember what a deep learning container is, it's just a pre-built Docker image that runs TensorFlow, PyTorch, or MXNet. But as you'll see, a lot of these tools are really specific to PyTorch these days. So I would choose PyTorch if I were you. You can't bring your own container and use the training compiler, but again, it's being phased out, so I wouldn't worry about it too much, but you should at least know what it is to use it. It's just a matter of saying compiler underscore config equals training compiler config within your estimator class. so easy peasy. It's already there for you in those Docker images for DLC, and that will compile and optimize your training jobs on the GPU instances for you automatically. So by doing that optimization for the hardware you're on, it can accelerate your training by up to 50%. That sounds like a good thing. I don't know why they're getting rid of it. It will convert your models into hardware optimized instructions. So I mean, well, that's what a code optimizer does at the end of the day, right? It's been tested with hugging face transformers. Or bring your own model and it can optimize that as well. It is, however, incompatible with SageMaker distributed training libraries. And that might be why they're phasing out the training compiler, because they seem to be pushing people toward those distributed training libraries now, and we'll cover those in more depth very soon. If you are using the training compiler. Um, they haven't officially shut it down. They just said that they're not going to maintain it anymore. There's not going to be any more new versions, I guess. Uh, they must have been victims of some of their layoffs or something. But if you are using it, best practices are to ensure that you're using GPU instances such as the ML, P3, P4, G4, or G5 instance types. With PyTorch, you need to be using the PyTorch XLA models. Save function for it to work properly, and if you want to enable debugging, you can by just enabling the debug flag in the compiler underscore config parameters there that you set up in your estimator class. Unfortunately, like I said, it's no longer maintained, so it's pretty cool, but there will be no more new versions of it put out. Another technique for optimizing your training is something called warm pools. And the idea here is that if you're repeatedly training your model, you want to avoid all the overhead of reprovisioning all that infrastructure over and over and over again. So with a warm pool, you can say, when I'm done with my training pass, I want to hang on to that hardware for a little bit, just in case I want to use it again. So don't give it up right away. So if you're repeatedly training a model that can speed things up considerably because a lot of time is just spent provisioning the hardware that you need, right? To use that, all you need to do is specify a keepalive period in seconds in your training jobs, resource configuration. Or you can do it in the UI like I'll show you in a moment. It does, however require a service limit increase request. So you can't just do it. You have to ask for permission before you can actually turn this on. And it also, to further accelerate things, uses a persistent cache to store your data across those training jobs. So not only is it keeping your hardware around, it's also keeping your data around across those training jobs. So that reduces costs even further. So warm pools definitely a good thing to be using if you're going to be repeatedly training, but you do need to request permission for it with a service limit increase if you're training within the SageMaker UI, if you just go to SageMaker in the console and go to training jobs and say, create training job. Under those job settings, you'll see the resource configuration that Keepalive period is what's going to enable the use of warm pools. So if you just put something in there that'll say, yep, I want to hang on to that hardware for a little bit in between runs and hopefully enable you to reuse that hardware within the keepalive period that you specified.