So here is a short lecture on a question that can come up in the exam, which is how to migrate the DNS service for a domain that is already in use, so that means that users are already accessing it, without making the domain offline and to do it as fast as possible? So it should make sense to you, but it's still good to know the steps. So first of all, the DNS service is hosted somewhere else than Route 53. And so we need to get the current DNS configuration. That basically means we want to have all the DNS records. We need to duplicate and copy over to Route 53. Then you're going to create a public hosted zone in Route 53 and then you're going to recreate all these records in the newly created zone. So there is an import feature in Route 53 you can also use as well. Then the reason why the DNS service is currently external is that the name servers are pointing to an external DNS service. And so therefore, we want to change the name servers record, but before we do so, to make it as effective and as quick as possible, we want to lower the TTL setting of the NS record on the external DNS service to 15 minutes to be able to quickly roll back just in case. And then because the default time usually for an NS record is two days, we need to wait two days to ensure that every new client will have the new NS record TTL of 15 minutes. So two days later, we're going to come back and then we're going to update the NS record to point to the Route 53 name servers. And so now the domain is pointing to the Route 53 DNS service. That means that all the DNS queries are now going to be originating, being served by Route 53. So therefore, we need to monitor traffic for the domain, making sure that everything is working as expected, making sure we have the correct queries done on Route 53 and that they succeed. Then once everything is done and working, we must change the NS record TTL on Route 53 this time to a higher value, for example, two days, so back to the default. And then in your own time, you can optionally transfer the domain registration from your external service onto Amazon Route 53. So that's it, it should make sense to you, but now you know how you would see the steps in case it comes up in the exam. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.