Okay, so now let's talk about a few scenarios you can find with Route 53. And the first one is for an EC2 instance. So we can, for example, create a record, an A record that points to a specific, for example, a public IP or an elastic IP of an EC2 instance, this is very simple. Now, it becomes a little bit trickier and there's something that you need to know about this, when you want to point to a DNS name of an EC2 instance. So why would you do so why would you point a record into a CNAME of an EC2 instance. Well, the idea is that's, for example, if you take EC2 instance and you create it on your cloud, then it has two IP, right? It has its public IP, and it has its private IP, but it only has one public DNS name. And the idea is that this DNS name is a bit special. So this DNS name will send you to the public IPv4 if you created it from outside of AWS. And will give you the result of a private IPv4, if you create from inside of AWS, that means that we can not create an alias record on this, by the way, we can only create a CNAME record. So, if we create a CNAME record for the value of being the DNS name of the EC2 instance, then a clients from outside of AWS, when requesting app.example.com will eventually resolve to the public IP of the EC2 instance, but an Institute instance, for example, or anything within your VPC that uses the same app.example.com will resolve to the private IP of that EC2 instance. So let's verify this right now. So if I have a look at my EC2 instance right here, as you can see, there is a private IPv4 address and a public IPv4 address, and there's only one public IPv4 DNS. So, we'll copy this public IPv4 DNS, okay? And I'm going to connect to my instance using EC2 instance connects. And so if I do a dig command, if it is installed, let's see, yes, dig is installed so I will clear my screen. If I do a dig commands on this DNS, as we can see, the result we get from the answer section is 172 at 31, which is the private IP domain space. So from within my VPC, this IP address resolves, this DNS resolved to the private IP address, right? But if I take cloud shell, for example, this is considered as a public one from a network perspective. So if I do a dig on and I will have to copy the exact same DNS name, of course. So let's copy it from here. Okay? So if I do a dig at this time on the same obviously DNS name, the result is going to be different. Now the insert section is saying, that's the resolve is, resolving is 3.70.14.223. So that means that it has the same DNS name, got us both a public IP from outside and a private IP from inside. And we can also verify this with the records, so if you create a record and this will, I call it EC2. As we can see, it has to be a CNAME. It could not be an alias, if you want you to have an alias. So CNAME alias only works for other records, but if it wasn't A record, for example, there is no, EC2 DNS name you can choose from here. Okay. So alias is not possible to an EC2 instance for this you have to use a CNAME. And then for the CNAME, we'll remove the alias. For the CNAME, the value has to be obviously this DNS name right here. So if I paste that in, okay, and we're good to go and we are just doing a simple routing and create this record. Okay. So now what's going to happen is that I'm going to just try to do a DNS query against this record. So I will do dig, EC2 dot (typing) and here we go, press enter. And as you can see, now we can look at how it's resolved. So this, was resolved as a CNAME for the public IPv4 DNS of my EC2 instance. And then one of them were down in one to two V private IP. But if I do the exact same command here, so I clear the screen and repeat this command, oops, clear the screen. And then do a dig on EC2 that's in my domain name. (typing) As we can see, we have the CNAME that's exactly the same but now when this gets resolved, it gets resolved to the public IPv4 of my EC2 instance. So next, some other common records you will see. So for an ALB, for example, we can point to the DNS name to the ALB. In which case we can have two ways of doing it. We can use an alias record and I would recommend of using an alias. And this would work for both apex and non apex or if you're using a non apex type of record, for example, lb.example.com, you could use a CNAME but as a rule of thumb, I would use alias whenever possible in AWS. For CloudFront there is similar so we can have a CloudFront distribution, and again, we can create an alias for an apex or an alias or CNAME for non apex. And as we can see, we just point one to CloudFronts and within CloudFronts, then we can connect to multiple origins and redirect to whatever we want. But this is more of a CloudFront configuration than a route 53 configuration. For the API gateway, same thing. So by using an alias record, we're going to point the clean to the gateway region or edge up to my DNS name. And for an RDS database, I'm not going to say alias because this time alias does not work for RDS databases. In this case, you must create a CNAME record because well, alias doesn't work. So we can create db.example.com and have it as a CNAME into our RDS database. Now, for the S3 buckets, we have S3 buckets used for static website hosting, and then we want to point our DNS name to the S3 website endpoints. So in this case, we must create an alias record for it. And the bucket name must be the exact same as the domain name of your extra bucket. So this is very, very, very important. So if you have a domain name, for example, example.com, then you have an alias to S3 websites. Okay? And the bucket of your buckets must be as well, example.com, otherwise, things will not work. Okay, and finally, we can have a domain name pointing to a VPC interface endpoint, so backed by private link. So this is a classic private link set up in which we have a service provider, private linked, linked to a VPC interface end points for the service consumer VPC. And what we can do is that, we can have a route 53 alias pointing to that VPC interface end points, okay? Well, that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.