Okay, so now that's use advance concepts around Hosted Zones. So, when you create a Hosted Zone, Route 53 will automatically create the Name Servers and the SOA Records. And in case you have both, a Public or Private, and Private Hosted Zones, that will have overlapping Name Spaces and I will show this diagram right now, then the resolvers of Route 53 will route traffic to the most specific match. So what does that mean? That means you have your EC2 instance inside your VPC and you have a Public Hosted Zone for example.com, the domain you own, and also Private Hosted Zone for accounting.example.com Now, if you're EC2 Instance issues some DNS queries such as example.com or hr.example.com, they will be matched obviously to the first one, because, well, they don't comply with the accounting.example.com But if your EC2 Instance is going for accounting.example.com or seattle.accounting.example.com or whatever, as you can see, the most specific match is going to be around the Private Hosted Zone. So, no matter what Records you will have in that Public Hosted Zones for these DNS, for these host names, you will be redirected to the most specific Hosted Zone. So this is also true, if you have two Private Zones, again, one for example.com and one for accounting.example.com Again, the most specific Records will go to the most specific Zone. Now, why would you do that? Why would you have two Hosted Zones? Well, maybe you want to apply some permissions around AIM about who can manage a Public Hosted Zone, or who can manage a Private Hosted Zone that is more specific, in which case it's reliable and more advised to have two Hosted Zones. So, now let's talk about Subdomains. So, the idea is that we have Hosted Zone example.com, but we want to create this Subhosted, these smaller Subdomains Hosted Zones. So, we reach a Hosted Zone, example.com and under one Record, for example, acme.exaple.com we're going to create a NS type of Record with four named servers. And it turns out that if we create the Hosted Zone acme.example.com, we have to match the values of the Hosted Zone to the one, to the one above. But the idea is that now we delegate, okay, all the Records from the first Hosted Zone to the second Hosted Zone when they match the Subdomain acme.example.com And so, this is known as "Delegation Responsibility for a Subdomain to Hosted Zone" or "Delegating a Subdomain to Another Name Servers." And the use cases for this will be to have, for example, different Subdomains managed by different teams. For example, you have accounting.example.com, you have engineering.example.com, internal.example.com, et cetera, et cetera. Or, this is also very helpful as said, because IAM permissions can be only applied at the Hosted Zone level, not at the Records level. And so therefore, you may want you to have different Hosted Zones and different users with different permissions to manage these Hosted Zones. And you're going to apply this same logic if the primary Hosted Zone is not even in Route 53. So if we created these Subdomain Hosted Zone for acme.example.com with these Name Servers, then we can use any 3rd Party DNS Service again for the Parent Domain example.com and point the Subdomain NS Record into the ones from Route 53. And therefore, we'll have a Subdomain management just for that Subdomain on the Route 53. So this is some advanced use cases of Domain Name Services, but at least we see how we can split them and maybe partly use a 3rd Party DNS Service in Route 53. So let's go into the UI to see how these things work. So, the idea is that I would like to have a Subhosted Zone for sub.stephanetheteacher.com So, I'll go into my Hosted Zones and I will create a new one. And it's going to be called sub.stephanetheteacher.com and it's going to be a Public Hosted Zone, okay. And I will create it. And as we can see now, I look at the Hosted Zone details and I get four named servers available for that specific Hosted Zone. Now you have to copy and paste them somewhere else. So, the idea is that here, we're going to have a Record in sub.stephanetheteacher.com and we're going to create this Record. So we can create, for example, the Record test.sub.stephanetheteacher.com Okay? And the value is going to be 11.22.33.44, just a random Record, okay? Let's create this Record, and we're good to go. So, as we can see right now, if I go into my shell, any shell, really, so I'll use my cloud shell, and I do a DNS query for sub, sorry for test.sub.stephanetheteacher.com and press enter. So, let me reinstall y bind-utils. Okay, and let's run de query again. So, as we can see, we don't have any answer for test.sub.stephanetheteacher.com As you can see, there's no answer in here. That's because we don't know yet how to send the queries into this Subhosted Zone. And what I can do is go to my main Hosted Zone. So this one, stephanetheteacher.com, and what I'm going to do here is to create a Record. And so the Record is going to be sub.stephanetheteacher.com so should be link to my second Hosted Zone, okay? And in here the Record type is going to be NS, so it's Name Servers for a Hosted Zone. And the value has to be the exact same value we got from here, because we're saying "Hey, for this Subdomain, really, I go to these names servers, and these names servers we'll know in here what to do." So, what I'm going to do here is paste the value and let's make sure to remove any white space before these Records. Okay. And let's make sure that we create these Records right now. So, this Record was successfully created. And now if we look at sub, here's my Record. And so, what was going to happen is on now, any queries that goes into this Hosted Zone, but that will match this sub.stephanetheteacher.com is saying, "Hey, delegate these queries to these Name Servers." And these Name Servers are actually linked to this Hosted Zone right here. And this Hosted Zone will have a look at it, look it up and say, "Yes, I know test.sub.stephanetheteacher.com it's this value." So let's obviously test it out and make sure that it works. So let's clear the screen and repeat the command. So, currently we still have no results because while we have a TTL associated with the previous query, and it turns out that I need to wait 159 seconds now for the new query to be issued. So I'm going to have to wait a little bit and get back to you. Okay. So let's try the command again. So test.sub.stephanetheteacher.com, press enter. And, as we can see now, well, we give the answer section, which is an A Record as 11.22.33.44 So, the Subdomain delegation works, and for this we have to set up a Name Services, Name Server Record in the main Hosted Zone. And in the Subhosted Zone would be able to answer the queries for this one. So, I hope it made sense and a few things to note. So first of all, this sub Hosted Zone could be in a completely different AWS accounts. Okay? So, this is something that could be living in other accounts. And so you could do like, Subdomain delegation across accounts, which is quite nice, because the only things you have to specify are the Name Servers. It's also very, very helpful from a security perspective, because now thinks to IAM. We can restrict maybe some users to only this sub, the main name. Whereas the main Hosted Zone is reserved for administrators, something like this. So, you have a lot of different combinations you can do with this, but hopefully that makes sense. You see the power of these kinds of Hosted Zone delegation. So, I hope you liked this lecture and I will see you in the next lecture.