So now let's talk about some solution architecture around DNS, and one of them is called a split-view DNS or split-horizon. This is when you want to use the same domain name for internal and external uses, and that means that the public and the private hosted zones will have the exact same name. For example, example.com. So imagine a VPC, we have a public hosted zone example.com, and we'll also have private hosted zone associated with a VPC for example.com as well. Now, if we enter some records in the public hosted zone and we enter other records in the private hosted zone with different values, obviously, then what's going to happen? Well, if a client is outside of your VPC and issues a DNS query for app.example.com, there is going to be sent automatically, of course, to the public hosted zone because it doesn't have access to their private hosted zone, because it's outside of the VPC. Therefore the IP returned by this record is going to be a public IP. And maybe this is the public IP of an EC2 instance in a public subnet as so the client knows how to get to this EC2 instance. If the client is training for db.example.com, of course, that record does not exist in the public hosted zone, and it's not going to be forwarded to the private hosted on either. So the records in the private hosted zone are not going to be accessible from the internet, so there will just be an empty response from the DNS query. Now, if we consider instances or systems in our VPC, for example, EC2 instance in the workspaces. Now, if workspaces is going to ask for app.example.com, it is within your VPC, the VPC is associated with a private hosted zone, and so therefore, what's going to happen is that this workspace is going to get a new reply from the private zone with a private IP, and is going to be redirected for example, to another EC2 instance in the private subnets. So as you can see, the same DNS query made from two different places is going to return two different IPs, and therefore send us to two different EC2 instances. So, why do we do this? Well, maybe because sometimes we want you to serve different contents, or we want to require different authentication for internal and external users or whatever. There are tons of efficacy for this, but as you can see, it is doable in AWS. It is completely fine to have a public hosted zone and the private hosted zone for the same domain, and this can come up again in the exam. Another architecture is around at multi-account DNS management while using Route 53 Resolvers. So imagine we want to extend what we learned before about hybrid DNS, but now we have a lot of different accounts. We don't wanna link all these accounts together, and create resolvers in all the accounts. That would be highly inefficient. So how do we do an architecture with that? Well, we have our on-premises data center, which contains our server and our DNS resolver at onprem.private. This is connected obviously to your central DNS accounts. And then in our DNS accounts, we're going to have a classic architecture with a private hosted zone. A resolver inbound endpoints, a resolver outbound endpoints, and by default, the Routes 53 Resolvers. So this is something we've seen from the past lectures. But now what's going to happen is that we want to delegate the sub domains to the other accounts. So we're linking two lectures together right now. So in each account, we're going to create a private hosted zone for a sub domain. For example, account one dot blah, blah, blah, account two dot blah, blah, blah, and so on. And we're, of course, going to associate them together by creating an association, and also making sure that the name servers have matched based on the sub domains. So once this is associated, what's going to happen is that any request that comes inbound, of course, is going to be redirected to my private hosted zone. The private hosted zone knows about the name servers of the other private hosted zones, and so therefore, the inbound requests from on-premises into our multi-accounts will be working just fine, and they will be managed, obviously, within each accounts. So these three EC2 instances are now accessible from your on-premises data center. Now for the outbound is a little bit more tricky, because the private hosted zone is to go up one level to the private hosted zone in the main DNS account, and then all the way to the on-premises data center. And to do this, well, we're going to create the forwarding rules on the central DNS accounts, of course, saying, "Hey, for on-premises data center, "please go to this IP." But these forwarding rules do not have to be recreated in every single accounts, otherwise that would be extremely painful. So there is the AWS RAM service, which allows you to share resources with other accounts. And some things that can be shared with other accounts are forwarding rules. So we can share these forwarding rules with other accounts and associate them, of course, with the private hosted zones and so on. And the idea behind this is that now there's only one central place in the central DNS accounts where these forwarding rules are going to be managed. And then therefore, the account A, B and C now have the capability of also resolving the DNS names of on-premises data center servers, for example. And this is how you do multi-account DNS management using resolvers. So I hope that makes sense. I hope you liked this lecture, and I will see you in the next lecture.