Welcome to the first section of this course where we are going to briefly introduce Amazon S3. So what is Amazon S3? Well, S3 is short for simple storage service, and it's really one of the first AWS services that became publicly available when started offering these services to the public. Amazon S3 is object storage and it allows you to store any amount of data that you need to on S3. So if you need to store a couple of files on S3, you can do that. Or if you have gigabytes or terabytes of data that you need to store in S3, you can do that as well. Doesn't matter how much storage that you need on S3, it can handle it. There are companies out there that are just storing an enormous amount of data on S3 and it handles it so you can really think of it as unlimited storage. Amazon S3 is also durable. That's one of the primary features of being able to offer a storage service, is that, well, it needs to be durable. So if I place my files on S3, I need to make sure that they're going to be there when I need them. So. S3 offers 11 nines of durability, so that's why I have 9999999 9% durability for your data on here. And that means that if you place data on S3, well, you can be rest assured that that data is going to be available when you retrieve it and it's going to look like what it did when you placed it there. So, in other words, Amazon's not going to lose your data. Amazon S3 is also very scalable as well. You can store and access as much data as you need to wherever you need it. So S3 is available in pretty much every region that AWS has today. You can store things in US East one, which is the most popular region, one of the first regions in AWS. You can store it in California, Oregon, Europe. Pretty much any region that AWS has available, you can use S3 and S3 also extends beyond the traditional network as well, where you can put things like outposts in your own data center and actually have the S3 service available there as well. So it can extend beyond the traditional borders of an AWS region or an availability zone. So let's talk about each one of those. We'll start with object based storage. So what is object based storage? Well, it allows you to store and manage data as objects rather than files or blocks. So if you think about the desktop or laptop that you're working on today, you know, it has a file system that's used by the operating system, and everything that is stored on that file system is stored in files or blocks. If you think of like a hard drive or something like that, how it stores everything in blocks. Well, if you think about object based storage, everything is referenced using the object name versus a block or a file on a traditional file system. So you can kind of think of a object based storage. It's kind of like a Google Drive or a Dropbox where it's not necessarily a file system and you can reference individual files as you need them. So that's another way you can kind of think of object based storage. Now each individual object here is self-contained, so objects aren't dependent on each other. You can store as many or as few objects as you need, and each one of those objects includes metadata that describes the object. So what is the object? When was it placed there? How big was it? All those good things, all that information is stored alongside of the object. So objects can be accessed directly using its unique identifier. And that unique identifier is generally going to be the file name. And inside of Amazon S3 that converts to what's called a key. So you would reference it using that key or just the file name rather than traditionally how you would access things through a file system hierarchy. Now, by doing this, this improves performance because again, objects stand individually rather than being inside of some kind of hierarchy on a file system. So that's object based storage at a high level there. So let's talk about the S3 service in general. So it's one of the most popular infrastructure as a service is offerings on really any cloud provider. Any time you're downloading something from your favorite app or something like that, odds are it might be stored on S3 even if you're just interacting with a website, if you're downloading a game or downloading a certificate or things like that, most likely it could be stored on S3 because it is by far the most popular storage service available. Now, again, customers consume unlimited storage without having to worry about maintenance or operational tasks on the back end because, well, that's the benefit of an AI As a service. You can consume that service and you don't have to worry about the maintenance and operational tasks on the back end because that's something that takes care of for you. So again, a huge benefit of using is services. And of course S3 helps organizations focus on core business objectives rather than having to manage large scale complex storage systems like you would have to in a traditional data center so you don't have to worry about replacing disks and making sure that your data center is cool enough and all those good things to support that storage platform where you can simply consume S3 as a storage platform, you don't have to worry about anything else. You just consume the service, you place your files there, you get those files off when you need it, and it's super easy for you and you can focus on your business objectives. If you're a health care company, well, you should be focused on health care and not necessarily running a complex storage system. Let somebody else take care of that. You focus on providing the best health care you can. Now, when we think about a service like that, any of the cloud providers, especially AWS, has what we call a shared responsibility model, and it breaks out what is responsible for as opposed to what the customer is responsible for. And in this case, if you look at the shared responsibility model, you can see I've highlighted in white storage. Obviously S3 is a storage platform. So AWS is fully responsible for the entire platform. Now, as a customer, what you are responsible for is obviously placing and retrieving your data from the storage platform and also configuring the storage platform to work as you intended. Do you need encryption? Do you need versioning? Do you need replication? Those things are made available to customers. It's up to the customers to choose the features that it needs in order to protect and secure your data. So that's just an example of showcasing the different responsibilities for customers versus what itself is responsible for. So what kind of files can we store on Amazon? S3 Well, pretty much any kind of file, so I've kind of broken out some examples here text files, video files, archive data database, backup files, audio files, configuration files, image files, company documents, any kind of file that you would probably store in a traditional file system with some caveats on the. Aside that we'll talk about in a minute. So if you are I don't know, maybe you're recording an Amazon S3 course like I'm doing right now. Maybe I want to store those video files on S3 and then I can go back and retrieve those later to edit them, to upload them to Udemy, to upload them to wherever in order to maintain all my video files so I don't have to store them on my local laptop. It's going to be way cheaper for me to store them on S3 versus purchasing storage for my house and storing them there too. So we know what we can store on S3. What shouldn't we use S3 for? Well, we shouldn't use S3 for running applications. And what I mean by applications is that it's not designed to run applications or execute code. It is a storage service. And while it can host things like static websites, it's not designed to run apps or execute code. The next thing is operating systems or software installations. S3 is not designed to store or run operating systems or software installs. Instead, AWS provides other services like EC2 or ECS for those purposes. S3 is not block level storage. Again, S3 is object level storage, meaning it's not designed for apps that require access to individual blocks of data on a storage device like a hard drive or something like that. S3 isn't necessarily used for high performance computing. S3 is not designed for high performance computing or applications that require low latency access to data. Now, while S3 can provide relatively low access to data for high performance computing, you may choose something else like EBS or EFS for those types of workloads. And finally, down here at the bottom, S3 is not going to be used for transactional or relational data storage. It's not designed to provide that type of service for databases, does provide other services for those types of services like RDS or DynamoDB. But Amazon S3 is not going to be used for database transactional purposes. Now you can store like a database backup file on S3, but your database isn't going to use S3 as its back end for transactional services. So that's an example of some of the things you should not use Amazon S3 for. Now, keep in mind that's not an exhaustive list. That's just an example of some of the things that you should not use Amazon S3 for.