Let's talk about durability and scalability of Amazon S3 here. So the first thing you're probably thinking of is, well, can I really trust S3 to keep my long term or permanent data? And if I do trust it, will my data be intact when I go to access it? The answer to that is yes, because Amazon S3 is designed for 11 nines of durability. When you place an object on Amazon, S3, S3 actually stores that data on multiple devices across a minimum of three availability zones in an S3 region before it returns success back to the user. You should be familiar with the term of region and availability zones. Availability zone is going to be a distinct data center that has separate power, cooling, networking, all that good stuff. And then a region is made up of a bunch of different availability zones and they're geographically located across the world. So again, when you write data to S3, S3, at a minimum, is going to write that data across multiple devices, across three availability zones. So that way if an availability zone or two availability zones go down, your data is actually still there and can be retrieved. So that ensures that all your data is always going to be available for you when you need to access data. And Amazon's not going to lose your data when you place it there. So if we think about durability here, let's take a look at what that actually means. We talked about 11 nines of durability. Well, if you store 10,000 objects on S3 on average may lose one of those objects every 10 million years or so. So it's very impressive in terms of what the S3 service can provide you and make sure that your data or your objects, when they're uploaded, well, they're always going to be there when you need to and they're going to be intact. It's going to be the data that you uploaded and it's going to be there when you need it. Now, when we think about scale beyond durability, how much data can actually put out there? Amazon S3 has incredible scale here. Tens of thousands of Amazon S3 customers actually have buckets that are spread over across a million drives or more. How impressive is that? Do you have the ability to scale your data across over 1 million drives? Probably not. Again, So that's the huge benefit of using Amazon. S3 is that when you place your data on Amazon? S3 Well, it's going to be durable, but it's also going to be very scalable because they're going to spread your data across so many devices that even if they have multiple failures within that data center or availability zone, your data is still going to be available for you. So very impressive in terms of what the S3 service can provide. S3 has a culture of durability, and that's according to AWS. You think about what durability means, there's a lot that goes into making sure that the service itself is durable. Now assumes that any single facility may fail at any time, and they must still protect the durability of customer data that's stored inside of that facility. So they think about things like facility isolation, facility, aware data placement. So that's all about facility failure inside of that facility. We also have to think about the individual pieces of hardware that are hosting all of our data and protects that data that they store against a fleet of components that, well, despite their best efforts, it's probably going to fail at a low rate. If you think about all the hardware that's required to run such a service, specifically hard drives and things like that, well, those fail. And so what they do is they have to protect that storage knowing that some of those hard drives are going to fail and they need to ensure that your data is always going to be there. So they think about things like rereplication repair. If hardware does fail, how do we ensure that the data remains intact? How do they measure repair rates and failure rates to make sure that they can provide that 11 nines of durability for customers? Amazon also thinks about data corruption on that hardware. So even if the hardware or the facility doesn't fail, what about data corruption? So that's something else that Amazon S3 has to focus on and they protect customer data against these component level faults and concurrency bugs that silently corrupt data by flipping bits. Well, they use TCP checksums to protect your data there. Now, when you think about durability, you also think about bugs. Amazon S3 is always releasing new features or security patches or those kind of things, so they must prevent incorrect software designs from reaching production, impacting you as a customer that to prevent implementation bugs from harming customer data. So what they do is they write specification patterns and model checker runs through the specifications. So they do a lot of testing, they do a lot of zonal deployments or even smaller than that, just to be sure that they don't accidentally introduce bugs into production and of course impact you as a customer. Amazon also focuses on deployment practices, so they have to protect against things like incorrect behavior caused by multiple versions of software. So what they do is they focus on things like protocol, versioning, read, write, deployments, rollback, testing. Again, all the things that you're probably doing in production or should be doing in production or want to be doing in production. Amazon S3 is doing those to ensure that their deployment practices don't negatively impact customers. And then finally, operator error. Humans ultimately run the Amazon S3 service. Humans make mistakes. And so what does is ensure that their operators are not exposed to situations where mistakes can lead to data loss or outages. So they think automation, automation, automation and of course they practice the principle of least privilege. So only giving folks access to the things they need to do for their job and nothing more. So those are the things that focuses on to ensure they have this culture of durability, to ensure that the Amazon S3 service is always available and your data remains intact. So you think about durability? Well, it doesn't necessarily equal availability. Those are two different distinct things. So Amazon S3 uses regular data integrity checks and automatic error correction to achieve durability. And durability, again, is really the ability to store your data over a period of time without losing it. Now, on the other hand, availability is actually the availability of the S3 service to provide timely and uninterrupted access to your data. So in short, is the S3 service available? When I go to retrieve or upload my data, is it actually functioning the way I need it to? So again, durability does not necessarily equal availability and they actually have two different SLAs, one for durability, which we talked about, is 11 nines and availability, which may be different depending on the storage class of S3 that you're using. So more on that later. So again, we talked about durability. Let's touch on availability real quick. Again, S3 is designed to provide users with 99.99% availability. That means that S3 may go down about 52 minutes per year. And we have seen S3 outages in the past. And because S3 is such a critical component to all of AWS and S3 outage can negatively impact other services on Amazon Web services. So we've seen in the past where when S3 goes down, it may impact other services. Well in the past their dashboard, their website that showcases availability of services. Well those little icons for the checks and the X's where things were up or down, those are actually stored on S3. So when S3 had an outage and it impacted other services, AWS themselves couldn't even update their own status page because all those objects were stored in S3 and S3 was down. So kind of this circular dependency in there that I think they've fixed since then. But we have seen outages in S3 and again, they may not just impact your availability to upload or retrieve data, but they may impact other areas across AWS. So for example, if you use EC2, if you create Amis or snapshots or those kind of things inside of EC2, well, those are actually stored on S3 on the back end. So you may have your EC2 impacted if S3 actually goes down even though you're not directly using it, the EC2 service actually uses and consumes the S3 service. So again, the S3 service is really a very important underlying service across the board for Amazon Web services as a whole.