All right. So now that we've learned more about S3, let's talk about how we organize our data. Now we're going to organize our data into containers, which we call buckets. And you can have a bunch of buckets inside of each one of your AWS accounts. And this bucket is really a container for storing our objects. And of course, our objects are things like files, images, videos, documents or any type of data that you want to upload into one of these buckets. So you kind of think of it like a folder on your computer or instead of being stored locally, it's just stored on Amazon servers. You can store any number of objects inside of a bucket, and each object in a bucket is uniquely identified by a key, which is really just basically the object's name. So in this example here, I've got four different buckets. Three of these buckets have objects in it, one does not. And again, you can have as many objects inside of a bucket as you need. So when it comes to naming our buckets on the previous one, we saw we had four different buckets and each one had a unique, distinct name. Well, when you name your S3 Bucket, the buckets have a globally unique name used for access. And that actually means that if I go out and I create a bucket called Brian Carlson, which I actually own that bucket, you cannot go create a bucket called Brian Carlson, which don't know why you'd want to, but the point is that the names have to be globally unique. So if I go out and create a bucket called Prod S3, my favorite bucket, you cannot create a bucket with that same name. Buckets need to be unique, and that's not just within your account. That's across all AWS accounts. So you essentially need a unique bucket name for every bucket that you create. And that means nobody else has that bucket name. That's one of the reasons I created a bucket name called Brian Carlson, which I doubt anybody would want that bucket name, but I created it just so I have my own name. I thought it'd be cool. Back to the name here because we have this globally unique name. This means that no other bucket on Amazon S3 may share that same name in any different accounts. The other thing I want to call out here is that buckets are regional. When you create a bucket, you choose the region in which you want your data to be stored. So that's going to be important, especially for your business. So if you are located in India or Europe or the US or whatever, you probably want your data relatively close to reduce latency and well mean. There's no real reason for me to be able to store data in India when I'm in the US. I don't need to traverse half the world just to get access to some of my data. So most people are going to choose a region that's relatively close to them. Now we'll talk about later in the course how we can actually replicate data across regions. So if you do have some compliancy requirements or you have some regulatory compliance that you have to replicate your data or make copies of your data, you can definitely do that in S3. But keep in mind that every single bucket that you create, you must choose a region where you want that bucket to be created and that ultimately dictates where your data will be stored when you upload it. So by default, when you upload your data to a bucket, it's going to be stored only in that single region where you created that bucket. So if I created a bucket called my bucket and I said, okay, I want to create this in US East one and I started uploading a bunch of objects to it. Well, all my data is going to be stored in US East one. Now, based upon what we talked about before, even though it's only in US East One, which is a region inside of US East one, that data is actually replicated to at least three availability zones inside of that region. So it's not just written to a single hard drive somewhere that we talked about before. It's replicated within that region. So you would have to have that entire region to go down in order for your data to be inaccessible. Now, we'll talk about later in the course different options to improve data protection, availability and security for your data.