So let's talk about some additional features of Amazon S3. Quickly introduce them. Now, of course, we're going to go into a lot more detail in these throughout the course. Now, the first one I'll talk about is tiered storage. So Amazon S3 does offer a wide range of different storage classes and those are going to be for different storage use cases. Not everybody wants to just upload some video files and eventually they'll get to them. Eventually they'll not. Whatever different people have different requirements and use cases for storing their data on Amazon S3. Some may store it and use it immediately and constantly access that data. Some may just need to store that for like a legal hold or, you know, compliancy reasons, and they may never touch it again. And so those are two entirely different use cases that Amazon provides different storage classes for, depending on your use case, depending on how often you're going to access that and how quick you need to access that data. Lifecycle policies is another feature of Amazon S3 that allow you to create rules to migrate data between those tiers. So we talked about the different tiers that are going to be available. We've got an entire section on that where we can use lifecycle policies to automatically move data between those different tiers in order to save us money or just delete data entirely. Maybe we only want to store data up there for a month and after a month just go ahead and delete it like we don't care about it. We can use things like lifecycle policies in order to automate that for us. And the other thing here is object versioning. When you upload objects to an S3 bucket, if you have versioning enabled, well, you can store multiple versions of that same object. So say for example, you're working on a project and you say, okay, I want to store this PDF and then you spend another week and you update the PDF and you're like, Cool. I want to update the newest version of this PDF, and then you upload another version. You're like, Wait, I need to go back to the other one because I messed up the version three. You can go back to version two if you want to. You can go back to version one. You can delete version one and only have two out there. So it makes it very flexible in terms of storing multiple versions. It's also a way to protect your data as well. So if you accidentally delete it, if you accidentally overwrite it, you can actually go back and retrieve a previous version on there. We have a whole discussion around versioning later in the course as well. So when it comes to accessing Amazon S3, well, we have a lot of different ways we can access our bucket and work with our data. So we can obviously just use the AWS console, the UI, we pull up our browser and go to AWS and we can start interacting with it directly there. We can make requests using the public AWS API. We can use a terminal, we can use AWS CLI to integrate directly with S3 from our desktop or even a server. We can access it from other resources within our VPC. So if we have things like EC2 or ECS or Kubernetes or anything like that, any other type of resources like Lambda or whatever, inside of our AWS account, well we can access our data directly from those resources. We can even use a VPC endpoint to access the private S3 API. So if our resources don't have public internet access, there's a way that we can kind of be sneaky and kind of go around through the AWS network itself. Instead of going through the public API, we can hit a private API and still access S3 That way we can use what's called an S3 access point to Access S3. If you're developing an app, you can use things like the AWS SDK, or you can simply use the object URL. When you upload an object, you can get a URL on there, you can access it that way as well. Plenty of options and different ways that we can access our data and work with our data when we upload it into S3, which really makes it a very flexible platform because, you know, not everyone's going to access and interact with their data the same way a developer may interact with their data using the SDK, where maybe a typical ops person or, you know, maybe just a typical home user, they may just log into the console or the CLI and grab their data. Plenty of flexible ways that we can interact with our data and our buckets. We also have a lot of security features inside of that. We're going to dive deep into things like Iam permissions and policies, access control lists, data encryption to encrypt our data at rest. We have object lock to ensure that our data cannot be deleted. We have block public access, which is really become a popular configuration lately with a bunch of issues where companies were sharing their data unintentionally. So we now have block public access features. We also have legal hold features as well. So if you're storing data up there and you have legal hold requirements in order to store that data for an infinite amount of time, we have that option as well. A few other features that we'll be talking about auditing features, S3 events, things like that, the ability to use S3 for static website hosting as well, and also a requester page. So if the requester is making requests to your data, you can actually have them pay for those requests versus you having to pay for those API requests. So you can see overall from an introduction standpoint, there's a lot to just the Amazon S3 service itself and I'm really excited to showcase all of these features in detail throughout the course. So that's a brief introduction on Amazon S3 and I look forward to seeing you in the next lectures.