Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll give you a comprehensive overview about Databricks workflows. You will see that the terms workflows and jobs are used interchangeably. They used to be called jobs and now they are called workflows. And Databricks is looking to change back to Lakehouse jobs in the next few months. So please don't get confused. Workflows and jobs mean the same thing. Databricks jobs is simply an orchestration service for the tasks you develop in Databricks. Here is the definition from Databricks. Databricks workflows is a managed orchestration service fully integrated within the Databricks Data Intelligence platform. Workflows lets you easily define, manage, and monitor multitask workflows for ETL, analytics, and machine learning pipelines. Let's take a look at the role of Databricks jobs in the context of the data lakehouse. And then I'll explain this further. As we know, in a data lake house, we ingest data from various sources. We then transform and aggregate the data to produce business value. We also run AI, ML, and BI workloads on this data. Producing a data pipeline to bring all of this data together can be complex and difficult to implement. We may have to start the pipeline only when a file arrives or data in a table changes. And also, we may have to create a lot of dependencies between the tasks so that each task has the required data available before it's executed. Also, you may have to invoke the AIML and the BI workloads once the ETL process completes. This is where Databricks jobs can help. They help you define a trigger for the pipeline based on the events, create dependencies between the tasks so that they are executed in the required order, and also send notifications in the event of failures, etc.. Databricks jobs also help us monitor the progress of the pipelines and help resolve any issues. Let's take a look at the architecture of Databricks Jobs. Databricks jobs is a fully managed service in Databricks. It's available in Databricks platform in all three major cloud providers such as Azure, AWS, and GCP. CP. It runs on a serverless infrastructure with the availability of 99.95% uptime. So jobs being a fully managed serverless service, you don't need to worry about maintenance, software updates, infrastructure, etc. you can create your jobs in this platform. It also offers monitoring capabilities and maintenance capabilities such as manual reruns and automatic retries, etc.. Let's go a bit deeper into jobs before we talk about monitoring, rerun, etc. every job can be broken down into three components the trigger for the jobs, the tasks, and the dependencies between them, and the various configuration options that can be used to influence the behavior of the jobs. Jobs lets you define the tasks and the dependencies between the tasks and orchestrate the workflow. This is one area where Databricks jobs had limited functionality in the past, but now you can create complex multitask workflows. You can also define triggers for the jobs. It offers a few different options. You can manually trigger a job as and when required. You can put the job on a cron schedule to start at specific days and specific intervals. You can trigger the job based on a file event, for example, when a new file arrives. You can also trigger based on table events, which is currently in private preview. Also, you can run it on continuous mode such as spark streaming jobs. And as we said, Databricks offers few configuration options for jobs. You can parameterize the jobs to make them more dynamic and reusable. You can send notifications when required. For example, you can send an email or a Microsoft teams message or a slack message when a job completes or when there is a failure. It offers full integration with git for source control, as well as to execute source code from git repositories. It also provides a role based access control to ensure only authorized users can view, create, edit, or manage jobs. And as we said, the jobs UI provides monitoring capability to look at both real time and historical tracking of job execution logs, performance, etc. it provides both job and task level monitoring. Also, when you have a failure, jobs gives us the ability to manually re-execute the job from the beginning or restart a specific task or even a set of tasks. You can also configure retry within the job to automatically retry to handle temporary failures such as network issues, resource contention, etc.. I hope that's given you a good understanding about Databricks jobs. Let's now switch over to the Databricks workspace, and I'll give you a quick overview of the jobs user interface. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. In order to navigate to jobs you simply navigate to the workflows menu from the sidebar and you will see jobs underneath workflows. When you come over here for the first time, you will see all the jobs that you've got access to. In our case, we haven't created any jobs in this workspace. That's why we're not seeing any jobs here. And you can create a new job by clicking on the Create Job button on the top right here. And if you have multiple jobs within the workspace, you can simply search for a specific job using the filter here so you can search for a specific text based on the filter here. And also you've got the ability to filter based on the jobs you want or you've got access to. And also you've got the ability to favorite any of the jobs. And you can simply click on the favorites to filter only the favorited jobs. And also when you create a new job, you got the ability to tag them, and you can simply filter based on tags by clicking on the button here. And once you've created the job and you're executing the job, you can monitor them via the Job Runs button here. This lets you monitor not only currently running jobs, you can also monitor historic jobs. You can look for the performance and the logs and things like that from the historic job. Job runs as well. Again, when you have multiple job runs, you can filter based on the name of the job here or any search, any text within the job name. And also you can search based on the user who's run the job. And also you can filter based on the start and the end time of the job runs. And you've got the ability to filter based on the run status and error codes as well. Also, you will be able to rerun any failed jobs from here. Let's now go over to the jobs menu again. Let's click on the Create Job button here to create a new job. And I'll talk you through some of the job properties. As you can see here, a job when you create it is given a default name. You can change that. So I'm going to simply create that sorry. Change that and let's call it as 01. process company data. And also as you can see a job is normally created with a default task. And let's not worry about tasks. In this lesson I'll talk you through tasks in the next lesson. And let's focus on the other job properties, which you can see on the right hand side here. And as you can see, every job is given a unique job ID that's given by Databricks. So we don't have to worry about that. And it's created by me in this case. But it's quite important here. Uh, you can run the job as yourself or any other user ID. It's recommended to use a service principle to run a job, rather than a user ID in a production environment. That's because in a team, normally data engineers come and go. So when a data engineer leaves the company, you don't want the job to be failing. You want it to be still running in the production environment. So we recommended to use a service principle to get around that. Service principle is similar to a system user that you can use to run your jobs. So please remember that for the demo, it's okay to run it as yourself for myself in this case. So I'm going to just leave that as it is. And as I said before, you can add tags to your jobs. And as you saw, you can filter your jobs based on the tags. And also tags helps you attribute the cost of a job to a particular tag, etc. and you can add a description here. Lineage is automatically generated by Databricks and it's only available for Unity catalog enabled workspaces. So basically what you will see is the upstream and the downstream dependencies of this job. So you'll see the tables the job is dependent on as well as the tables the job is producing. We'll see that when we come to run one of our jobs later on. And under schedules and triggers you can add a new trigger. So as we saw in the presentation, there are four types of triggers. The first one or the default is manual. And you've got the schedule which is the cron schedule. And then file arrival which is an event. But you can also have a table event. But that's in private preview. That's why you're not seeing that here. And also the other trigger is the continuous trigger. So let's cancel that. And under job parameters you can add parameters to make your jobs more dynamic. It's basically a key value pair. You can just pass in the value and pass it around your tasks to make your jobs more dynamic. And as we said, we can send notifications. So you can click on edit notifications and you can add a new notification to send an email. Or you can have a teams or a slack message going out. And you've got a few options here which are like, do you want the notification when the job starts, when it's succeeded or when it's failed, etc. and also you can add metric thresholds as well. So you can check to see if a job is running for too long. In that case, do you want a notification. And also you can look at stream backlogs and things like that as well. And as I said we can manage permissions for your jobs. So at the moment I've got myself as the owner and admins can manage. But if you want to add a new user, you can simply go over here and add a new user and assign any permissions you want. And under advanced settings you will see two things. Firstly, there are some Limitations on the workspace, so you can only run a certain number of jobs, you can only have certain number of resources for compute, etc.. So in those cases you can say I want to queue up for certain hours. So 48 hours in this case. And in order to do that you simply enable queue option here. And the jobs will be waiting for 48 hours before failing. Otherwise they'll fail immediately. And also you can set your concurrent runs. For example, you create a job and you want to have more than one run. You will have to increase the concurrent runs from one to a higher number. For example, you might have a job which is running every day and you want to catch up on backlogs, and you may want to allow for multiple executions to happen at the same time. In those cases, you simply click on edit concurrent runs and you can simply go from 1 to 2, five, ten, etc. let me cancel that. So those are the job parameters you can use to control the behavior of the jobs. And that's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson I'll talk you through tasks.