Welcome back. Now that we understand what a Databricks job is, let's focus on tasks. Tasks are where you're likely to spend most of your time when working with Databricks jobs. Databricks allows you to create a variety of tasks that fall into the following categories code, SQL data transformation, and Control flow. Code tasks include executing programs written in notebooks, Python scripts, Python wheels, jar files, or using Spark Submit. You can also leverage clean room notebooks for secure collaboration. SQL tasks involve running SQL queries or SQL files against a SQL warehouse, and it can also include query alerts for data transformations. Databricks supports Delta Live Table Pipelines, which is Databricks native solution for ETL workflows and projects built using DBT or Data Build Tool, which is an open source ETL framework. Like control flow tasks, which is a recent addition, lets you create dynamic Databricks workflows. These include if else conditions for each loops and the ability to trigger other Databricks jobs. When creating a task, you need to define specific properties. Let's go through some of the important ones here, but please bear in mind that these properties are not required for control flow tasks, but are relevant for other tasks. First, you define the source, such as the location of the notebook or scripts. Sources can reside in Databricks workspace or Git repositories, and you can specify them via the folder path. Next, you need to specify the compute required to execute the task. Control flow tasks run using the serverless capacity provided by Databricks jobs. But for other tasks, you need to configure the compute environment. If serverless compute is enabled in your workspace, you can use that for SQL tasks. Use SQL warehouse, while other tasks can use the Pre-provisioned all purpose compute or jobs compute between all purpose compute and jobs compute. The recommendation is to use jobs compute for Databricks jobs. This is for several reasons that we discussed earlier. But let's have a quick recap here. Firstly, it is due to cost efficiency jobs. Compute is about 50% cheaper than all purpose compute and jobs compute provides automatic cluster management. Databricks automatically starts the jobs compute cluster before the tasks execution, and terminates it immediately after the task completes. That minimizes the resource usage and also jobs. Compute provides workload isolation jobs. Compute isolates production workloads from ad hoc workloads, ensuring predictable performance. So as I said, the recommendation is to use the jobs compute where possible. You can define dependencies between tasks. For example, you can make the refresh of silver tables dependent on the processing of bronze tables. Multi-task dependencies can also be defined for more complex workloads. You can add any dependent libraries needed for the task. These libraries can be stored in the workspace itself, or ADLs or PyPI, Maven or any other repositories. Additionally, you can add task parameters to pass information between tasks, making the job more dynamic and more powerful. Databricks also offers a retry mechanism to handle intermittent failures such as network issues. It will automatically retry the job or task based on the number of retries you configure. To capture unusual behaviors, you can also define thresholds, such as flagging tasks that run longer than you expect to run. And finally, similar to job notifications, you can set notifications at the task level. This can send alerts via email. slack, teams and other channels you to notify you of task completions, failures and other events. Now that we understand the task properties, let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and I'll take you through the user interface. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. As you can see I'm inside the job that we created in the last lesson. And you may remember that the job also created a default task for us, but we didn't configure the task. So in this lesson I'm going to simply take you through the configuration options available for a task. But please remember that you can also add additional tasks and add dependencies and things like that, which we'll be doing in the next lesson. But here, as I said, we are simply going to go through the configuration options. And as I said, the configuration options are underneath in this bottom pane. So as you can see here, you can provide a name for your task. And also you can choose the type of the task. We saw four different types of tasks and the default here is not book, but it can be any other ones. But when you change the type of the task, all other configuration parameters underneath will change. For example, in order to run a notebook, you need to have a cluster. So you've got the option to choose your cluster as well. But when you're running, for example, a control flow task such as if else condition or a foreach, you don't need any of those, so everything else changes. So let me switch to if else condition. As you can see, we don't we don't need to configure the clusters here, but we simply have to give the if else condition here. So please remember that. But let me put it back to notebook type here. And the next option we got is source. As I said we got two types of sources. So we can either have the workspace or git provider. So if you configure a git provider you can pick up your code or the notebook from the git provider. For example, Azure DevOps, GitHub, etc.. But let's keep it as workspace in this case. And then you pick the path for your notebook. But if it is in your workspace, you simply choose the workspace folder path where the notebook is. Otherwise, you'll pick it up from your git provider. So let me cancel that. And as we discussed, when you are running any other type other than the control flow tasks, we will have to have a cluster as well. So let me select this option. As you can see you can provide a job cluster, all purpose cluster or a SQL warehouse. And also if your workspace is enabled with serverless you will see the serverless option as well. I haven't enabled the serverless. That's why I'm not seeing the serverless, but I'm just saying the serverless for the SQL warehouse here. So as we discussed, the best option is to choose a job cluster where possible. But when you're working on this course, you might not have enough quota available to have another job cluster. But you may want to choose, uh, the all purpose cluster that we already created. But please remember for your production workloads where possible, please use the job cluster because that's more cost effective. Also, that gives you the process isolation as well. And you can simply configure your job cluster by clicking on the edit button here. And you're already familiar with these cluster options. So you simply choose the configuration that you want for your cluster. From here. Let me cancel that and you can add your dependent libraries. As I said before, you can either have your workspace ADLs path or volumes, or you can even have any of the other repositories like PyPI, Maven, Cran, etc. so let me cancel that again. Again, similar to the job parameters, you can add task parameters as well, and that's simply a key value pair. You can use the task parameters to make your tasks more dynamic. And also you can pass those parameters around between your various tasks as well. And again, this is very similar to your job notifications. You can simply add a task notification as well. For example you can choose to send an email or your slack notifications etc. and you can add retries as well. And in the case of failures, you can choose to retry your task one more time or a few more times. And when you're choosing one more time, you can even choose to say how long you want to wait between the retries as well. And the final thing we want to go through is the metric thresholds. Again it's very similar to your job thresholds. You can choose to send notifications based on the run duration. For example, if you have a long running task, you may want to send a notification. And similarly, based on any backlogs, you can send notifications as well. So these are the task parameters. And as I said we're going to create a task. And we can we're going to execute a job as well in the next lesson. But this is the end of this lesson I'll see you in the next one.