Welcome back. Now that we have a good understanding about Databricks jobs, let's put those learnings into practice. Let's say we receive information about some of the top tech companies in a CSV file, and we want to process that data through the Lakehouse using the medallion architecture. Let's say we've written separate notebooks to process the data via each of the processing layers. Bronze notebook simply takes the data that's being landed and ingest that data into the Delta Lake table in the bronze schema. Silver notebook transforms the data and loads that data into the silver schema, and the gold notebook produces summaries on that data from the silver layer and writes the summary into the gold schema. We need a Databricks job to process this data, and as you can imagine, we need three separate tasks to execute the three notebooks. And we also need to create dependencies between the tasks in such a way that the silver task follows the gold. Sorry, the silver task follows the bronze task and the gold task follows the silver task. We can have triggers to execute the tasks. Ideally, we would want to trigger the job whenever a new file arrives. I'll demonstrate that, but I'll also show you how to use the manual and the schedule triggers as part of this exercise. Also, let's say we want to create an email notification whenever the job succeeds or fails. This is our requirement and implementing this would give you a good experience working with Databricks jobs. Let's now switch over to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure portal. First, we need to set up the environment before we write the Databricks job. So as part of the setup we got two things. The first thing is we need to set up the file that we need to ingest and process through the medallion architecture. We'll do that in the Azure portal. And we'll do that in the storage account. And the second thing we need to do is to upload the notebooks because I've given you three notebooks, and our focus here is just to create the job. So I've already written the notebooks. You can simply upload the notebooks into your workspace and use them. So let's start with the storage account. So I'm going to navigate to my storage account which is Dax XT DL. And I'm going to go over to containers. And we're going to use the demo container. So let me go into demo container. And within that I want to create a directory called landing. And again within landing I'm going to create another folder called companies. And I'm going to copy the file into that folder. So I've given you a two files and a DBC file which contains the Databricks notebooks. Let's upload the file here I'm going to click upload here. And let's click browse for files. And as you can see we've got the two files and one Databricks Jobs dot dbc file. So amongst the two files I'm only going to upload one file now, and we'll look at the next one when we talk about the file trigger. So please upload just the one file which is top tech companies underscore one dot CSV. And let's click upload again. So that file is now been uploaded into that folder. The folder is demo slash landing slash companies. While we are here let's also create the containers required for the bronze, silver and the gold layers. So again I'm going to go over to the demo container and I'm going to create the directories bronze, silver and gold. With that we've created everything that we needed to do within the storage account. Let's now go over to the Databricks workspace and let me go over to my home directory. And what I'm going to do is under the DEA underscore course, uh, folder, I'm going to upload the DBC file that I have given in the lesson. And that will create a folder and also that will upload the three notebooks I'm talking about. I'll import the file now, and then I'll show you that. So let's right click on this and click import. And I'm going to click browse. And we're going to pick this DBC file now. And let's click open. And let's click import here. And as you can see that's created a new folder called DEA zero five hyphen Databricks jobs. And within that you will see three files. There are the three files we're going to use in our Databricks jobs which is bronze companies, silver companies and gold companies. You may have to make one change. Let me show you that. So if you open the file, you're going to see the managed location for the schema as well as where the file is. So I've used my storage account here which is D xt dl. Your storage account will be different. So please just make the change to use your storage account. Otherwise you'll get failures and do the same change in all three notebooks. So let me go through the notebook here. So what we are doing here is we are creating the schema if it doesn't already exist, which is the demo dot bronze schema. And I've given the manage location as the demo container with the folder bronze. And the second command I've got here is I'm dropping the table. If I already exist, I'm just dropping it because I want it to be reasonable. And I'm using the CTAs statement which is create table as statement to create the table. And I'm using the select statement here. As you can see in the select statement, I've used the read files table valued function to read that CSV file from the companies folder. And the data will be inserted into this table that we are creating. So you must be familiar with create table statement now. So that's fine. Let's now go over to the silver notebook. In the silver notebook I'm doing exactly the same thing which is creating the schema. If it no, if it doesn't already exist. And I'm creating the silver table here. But you may notice that I've got a couple of generated columns. I've got a company ID, which is a generated column, an identity column. And also I've got founded here, which is a generated column from the founded date. And in the insert statement, I'm simply selecting the three columns that we ingested into the bronze schema and just inserted that data here. And if we go over to the gold notebook again it's quite straightforward. I'm creating the schema if it doesn't exist. And also I'm just creating a summary. So all I'm doing here is I'm selecting the country and the number of countries grouped by the country. So you're going to see the country name and then the count from each of the country. So if USA has four companies you will see the value four in number of companies. It's quite simple. I didn't want to complicate anything here, because our objective here is to learn about Databricks jobs rather than any transformations or anything like that. So that's everything about the notebooks. Let's now go over to the Databricks jobs and update the jobs. So as you know, we created this job in the last lesson. If you haven't, just click on the Create job button to create the job. So I'm going to open this job now. We didn't do any changes to the job definition. So if you're creating a new job that's fine. You'll come over to this page and click on tasks. That's where we can create the tasks. And what you see under runs is the run or the execution of the job. Basically, let's start configuring this job, which is already created by default. As you know, every time you create a job, it's going to create a default task. And then you can add further tasks. So we're going to configure this one first and then we'll add further tasks. So let's call this one as bronze companies. And the type should be notebook. And that is the default one. So make that as notebook if it is not being selected already for you. And our source code is in the workspace rather than the git provider. So let's leave that as. Workspace. And we need to give the path to the notebook. So I'm going to simply click here and then browse to my notebook. So that's under my users Dacos and under D05 Databricks jobs I've got the notebook here which is 01. bronze companies. Let me click confirm here. So I've selected the path for the notebook. And the next thing is the cluster. So let me click open here. As we said before you got a couple of options. Either you can have a job cluster or a all purpose cluster. Or if you're working with SQL warehouse, you can use the SQL warehouse as well. Ideally, you should be using the job cluster, but some of you might not have enough cores available to create another job cluster because you may have an all purpose cluster already running. Either stop that cluster or terminate the cluster so that the quota gets freed up. And then you can create a job cluster, or just choose to use your all purpose cluster. If you're using the all all purpose cluster, you simply have to select that cluster and carry on. But I'm going to show you how to configure a job cluster. So let me select Job Cluster and we can configure the job cluster at the moment. Actually it's going to create me a massive cluster with 144GB of memory with 36 cores, etc. we don't really need that. And I don't have quota available in my subscription to do that either. So let me create a simple small cluster. So let's click edit here. And we just need a single node cluster. So I'm going to click single node here. And we can keep the runtime as the latest runtime available. So that's the latest long term support runtime available. So I'll leave that. And I don't really need photon acceleration because we got a couple of records to process. Not much. And for some reason I don't have the quota available to select this node type. So I'm going to select a different one. So let me select the DS3 v2 because I know that's available for me. So I'm going to select standard DS3 v2 which is just 14 GB of memory with four cores. That's more than sufficient for our work. And we can leave everything else as default. And let me click confirm. And now the job cluster has been assigned. And we don't have any library requirements or any notifications or retries to do here. If you want to retry on failures you can simply add here. We went through all of this before and I'll talk you through the other things later. And let's click Create Task here now. And we've created the task bronze companies now. So let's do the other two tasks as well. So to create another task you simply have to click on Add Task. And let's create a notebook task. And that's been created. As you can see there is an arrow. Let me make it slightly bigger. As you can see there is an arrow here. What that says is the second task is dependent on the first one that's already been done for you. But I'll show you how to do that if it's not. Let me give a name for this task. I'm going to call this one as Silver Companies. And again we can leave the type as notebook. And we need the source in from the workspace. And I need to select the source which is silver companies. Let me select that and we can use the same job cluster. So I'm going to leave that as it is. And this is where you add your dependencies at the moment. As I said the silver companies is already dependent on the bronze companies. If you have multiple dependencies, you can further configure the dependencies by clicking on the run if dependencies here. So as you can see here, you can select all succeeded. That means actually all the dependencies have to be succeeded. Or you can say at least one of them succeeded. And you got a few more other variations here as well to select from. So let's now click Create Task. And the second task is now created as well. So let me add one more task for the gold Old notebook and I'm going to call this one as gold companies. And again type is notebook. So this is workspace. Let me select the notebook. And the dependencies already. Looks okay. If you wanted to add the bronze task as a dependency for gold as well, you can simply add it here. But that's really unnecessary because the silver only succeeds or runs after the completion of bronze. As you can see now here, the gold is dependent on both silver and bronze. So I'm going to remove that because that's an unnecessary dependency. Let me click create task and the task is created. Now with that we've now completed creating all the tasks and their dependencies. We had one other requirement which is to send an email notification when the job succeeds or fails. You can do that at the job level here. As I said, it is also possible to do it at the task level so you can select any of the tasks and then just add a notification here. But our requirement is to do that at the job level. So let's do that. Let me scroll down on the right hand side, and you can click on the edit notifications to add the notification. I'm going to simply click Add Notification here. And we want to send an email. So I'm going to click on email address. And I'm going to give my email address here. And we want the notification to be sent whenever there is a failure or a success. So let me select both of them. And you can also mute notifications for skipped runs and cancel runs, etc. but let's leave them unticked and let's click save. And now we've configured the job notification on success and failure. With that, we've done everything we needed to do to the job. In the next lesson, I'll show you how to manually trigger and also how to make the job to trigger in the event of a file arriving or on time, etc.. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.