Welcome back. Now that we've created the job and done all the configurations, let's look at triggering the job. We're going to start with the manual trigger. As we said that is the default one. And in order to trigger the job you simply have to click on Run Now button on the top here. And now the job's been triggered. You can click on View Run here to view the run. Or you can go over to the Job Runs tab here. And as you can see, the job is being triggered and it's running at the moment. And you can also see how it was triggered. It was triggered manually. That's why it's been set to manually here to see what's happening. You can click on the time here, which is the start time. And that will take you into the screen here. And as you can see we've got the job with the three tasks here. And the first one is in status pending and the other two are blocked. And the reason why the first one is pending is because the job cluster is being started. So as you know, I assign the job cluster for the tasks and the job cluster being is being started at the moment. It normally takes about 4 or 5 minutes. That's why it's taking the time. So once the cluster is started, the jobs will start to execute. If you wanted to see the status of the job cluster, you can click on View Details here. And then that will take you to the job cluster being provisioned. As you can see, this is the compute we asked for with the single node cluster. And the node type was DS3, v2 and everything. And you can even look at the event log to see what's happening. As you can see, the cluster is currently being created. So let's now go back to our job and we can wait for this to get started. As you can see, the cluster has now been provisioned and the Task Bronze Companies is currently running. Once that's completed, the Silver Company will start to run. As you can see, currently it's blocked because it's waiting for bronze companies to finish. So the bronze companies notebook has succeeded now and the Silver Companies is running. And that proves to us that the dependencies have been set correctly. So as you can see now, all the three tasks are completed and the status of the job is also succeeded. So we are looking at the graph view at the moment here. But if you wanted to look at the timeline view, you can simply click here to see the timeline view. As you can see, the first task took four minutes and the other two only took about 20s and 13 seconds respectively. That's because the first one needed to start the cluster for us as well. So as we said, once the job finishes, the job cluster gets terminated. So let me show you that if I go over to the cluster details here and let me refresh this page here. And as you can see, the job cluster was created and it ran. And then it did all the jobs it was supposed to do. And within about five minutes it's been it was terminated because we completed everything we needed to do. That's the advantage of job clusters. You don't really do anything. You don't have to terminate the cluster, or you don't have to set the auto termination time and things like that. It starts the cluster does the job and it terminates. And you save the resources which are unused. And also, as I said, job clusters are generally less expensive. It's about 40 to 50% cheaper than the all purpose clusters. So let's go back to our job here. And let me go back to the graph here. If you wanted to see what was happening or what happened with the task, you simply have to click on the task here and that will open up the output. So it's simply the execution of the notebook itself. As you can see here, we've created the schema and also we've created the table bronze dot companies here. And everything succeeded. Similarly you can see the other tasks as well. And if you had any failures you will be able to see the messages within the output here as well, which is really good. And also if you wanted to see the events, you can simply click on the View Run events, and that will show you that actually the job started and then it was waiting for the cluster. Cluster was ready. And then it started. It started running the tasks and everything succeeded here. That's all fine, but when you have failures, you'll be able to see where the failure happened. And even you can filter based on the event types. And if you wanted to see the notebook which was used to run a specific task, you can simply click on the notebook here. As you can see, we are on the silver task at the moment, and if you wanted to see the notebook that ran the silver task, you simply have to click on the link here and that will open the notebook for you. As you can see, we've got the notebook here. And if you wanted to make any changes because you're fixing an issue or whatever, you come back here, make your changes and then you can go back to rerun the job. We'll look at reruns and failures later on. But let me go back to the jobs again. And if you wanted to see all the job runs, you would simply go over to job runs here. And that will list all the job runs. At the moment we only have one job run. That's why we are saying one job run. And as I told you before, you can do searches and you can look for specific dates and things like that. And also if you are looking at the job runs for a specific job, you can go over the job, sorry. You can go over to jobs and you can click on the jobs and you will see the runs. So as you can see here, we've got the runs, which is the specific tasks being run here. And we only had one execution. That's why we are seeing that. Otherwise we'll be seeing multiple bars here. And as we saw previously, if you wanted to make changes to your job, you will go over to tasks here and you can make your changes and then you can save your task as well. And you may remember from when we created the job, I told you that once the job executes, you will be able to see the lineage. And as you can see here, we've got the lineage here, which says we had two upstream tables and three downstream tables. All that's saying is we've had two tables used as input for some other jobs. There are tasks there, and three tables were produced by the tasks, and these three tables were produced and bronze and silver were used as the input for the other two tasks as well. If you wanted to look at the data within any of them, you can simply click on these things and they'll open the Catalog Explorer. Let me click on this one. As you can see now we are in the Silver Companies table. And we can simply look at the data as well. We're not seeing any data here. That's because I don't have a running cluster. So let me start a cluster here. And I'm going to start this cluster. And we should be able to see the data once it's started. The cluster is now started. As you can see, the silver table has got five records and four companies in the USA and one in China. And also we've got the company ID being generated with the identity column. And also we've got the founded year being populated as well, which is great. And let's take a look at the gold table just to ensure that's okay as well. And as you can see here, it's got two records and the first one's got China with one company and USA with four companies. So everything is as expected. So the last thing I want to check is to ensure that the emails were sent out because we configured the notifications to be sent out. And in that we said we want an email when there is a success or a failure. So let me go over to my email. And as you can see here, we've got a success message from the job itself. And it says actually the job started at this point in time, ran for four minutes and it was launched manually and it succeeded as well, which is great. Similar to this, when you have a failure, we'll also get a message. So that's brilliant. We've successfully managed to use the manual trigger to run our job. In the next lesson, I'll show you how to use the schedule trigger as well as the file event trigger to execute the job when the event happens. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.