Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at triggering our job using the file event or file arrival trigger as well as the schedule trigger. We're going to start with the file arrival trigger first. And then I'll demonstrate the schedule trigger. So let's go into the job. And we're not going to make any changes to the tasks. And we're going to change only the trigger details on our job. So let me add the trigger. And as I said we want to use the file arrival trigger first. So let me select that. And as you can see here we can provide the storage location here. And the storage location can be volumes or the abfs path. So that's using the Abfs protocol. We haven't created any volumes for our storage. So I'm going to use the Abfs path here. And let me go over to my notebook. And I've given the location in the bronze notebook. So I can simply copy that. And this is the path from where we are going to look for the files. So let me copy this path here and let's go over to the job and paste it here. And one more thing I wanted to say is always end your path with a slash. Otherwise you'll get the error. And also there is a limitation of up to 10,000 files at the moment. But from what I know, Databricks is working on making the unlimited going forward at some point in time in the future. So look for that and you can simply test the trigger that is going to simply test to make sure the location exists and we can access the location. Let me click Test Trigger. And that succeeded. And let me click save. Now as you can see the file arrival trigger has been set here. And it's going to look for the files in this path. And it's going to be looking for the files every minute. And let's go over to the job runs uh tab here. And when a job runs you're going to see that job here. The job hasn't started because we haven't put any new files there. So I'm going to put a new file and then we'll look to see what happens. So let me go over to my storage account and I'm going to put the file in that path which is under landing, and the folder is companies. And we've got one file already. I'm going to put a new file here. Let me do that and let me select the second file which is top tech companies underscore two dot CSV. And let me click open. And let's click upload. So the file is now uploaded. Let's go over to the jobs. And the job is going to be looking for the file every minute. So let me go to the job. And as you can see it looked for the file at 6 p.m.. And no no run triggered at the moment. And it only had the one file. It's going to look for the file every minute. So as soon as it finds the file you're going to see an update here. And as you can see the second minute it found the file and the job has been triggered. And it's running at the moment. So you can simply click on that to go to the job. Job run I should say. Or you can go over to the Job Runs tab and then you can see it here as well. And as you can see here, the launched column is now set to by file fail arrival. So you got really good monitoring on every job that's being run. You can clearly see what's triggered the job and what's happening, how long things have taken to run and the status and everything. That's really good. And let's wait for this job to complete. It's going to take again about six minutes because it has to provision the job cluster, and then it has to run these notebooks as well. And as you can see the job's now completed. And I want to show you one more thing before we move on to the schedule triggers. We have two files here. And the second file is the one which triggers the job. Now the first one because the first file was already there, and the second file is the new one we added. But that doesn't mean that it only processed the second file. It would have processed both files. So if you look at the data in the second file I think I had like one record. So which is Samsung in South Korea. And the other one had about five records and it would have processed all the six records. So it's not incrementally loading the data, it's simply using the file as a trigger to start the job. And it will take all of the data in the folder and process that. If you wanted to use incremental load, you will have to use the features such as copy into or auto loader. So let me go over to the Databricks workspace and show you the data so that you can see it's not incrementally loaded any data. So let me go over to demo. And if we go over to Gold and Company summary, you're going to see two records. And you can see the South Korea data here. You're also seeing the USA and China which was from the first file. So please bear that in mind. But now let's move on to looking at the schedule trigger. So let me go into the job and we want to change the trigger from file arrival to schedule trigger. If you're familiar with cron it is exactly that. Let me quickly change the trigger type from file arrival to scheduled. As you can see, it gives you like two algorithms there. The first one is simple. It will simply let you set the schedule to be every day, every hour or every every week, or even every two days, etc. but most of the time you will end up using advanced because your requirements are going to be slightly more advanced. So in order to set the schedule trigger, let's say we want to run the schedule trigger in about two minutes time. At the moment the time is 1810, so I want to run it at 1812. I can simply do that. And also it's going to run the job exactly at this time every day. And I'm in the UTC time zone. So I've set it to UTC, but you can change it to any of your other time zones as well. And instead of days you can go for minute, hour, week, month, etc.. So it's a bit more sophisticated than the simple algorithm you're seeing there. So let me click save and the job should get triggered within about another minute because we are at about 6:00 now, 6:00 PM and 612. It should start to run. Let's wait for that to happen. The time is now 612 and as you can see, the job started to run. And also you can see the job execution here. So when you have multiple runs you will be able to see failures cancellations and things like that. So let me go into the job run and I'll show you how to cancel a job. So if a job is running and if you don't want the execution to happen, you can simply click on the cancel job run button here and that will cancel the job. Let me click Cancel Run and the job is now cancelled. And if you go over to the job you will see the status as cancelling. So it should get cancelled within a minute or so. So that's cancelled now. And the error code is user canceled. And you can see clearly that it's been cancelled as well. So as I said before we get a really good monitoring with Databricks jobs. So that's all I wanted to show you in this lesson. In the next lesson, I'll demonstrate how to debug a failed job and repair the job, etc. I'll see you in the next one.