Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at how to debug a job failure and how to fix the issue. And once the issue is fixed, how do we rerun the job from the failure or repair the job from the failure? But before we make any changes to the job or rerun the job, let's go over to the notebook and force a failure. I'm going to make a change to the silver notebook here, and add a semicolon at the end of this line here, and that will result in a syntax error. So now that we made the change, let's go over to the jobs here. And let's go to the job. We need to change the trigger because we got a schedule trigger to start the job at 6:12 p.m. tomorrow. So we'll have to change that so that I can rerun it now. So I'm going to simply click on delete to delete that trigger. And we can manually run the job now. So let's click run Job here. And that should trigger the job. As you can see the job is now running. And the launched column has got manually as the value there. So let's wait for that to happen. I'm going to go into the job and start in the cluster. When it comes to the silver task, it should fail. Let's wait for the failure to happen. As we expected, the job failed in the task. Silver companies. This time we know what's happened so we can go and fix the issue. But a lot of the times when you're working in production issues, you're not going to know what's really happened. So you need to know how to debug. So you can simply click on the task here. And that will take you to the output. As we saw previously, this is the output. And it has all the commands from the notebook and the outputs as well. And at the top you've got the issue which is syntax error near the end of input. And by scrolling down you will be able to go to the exact statement where the issue was. As you can see, it says here syntax error at or near input, and you will be able to see further details if it was here as well. And you can also ask the AI assistant to suggest the resolution for the issue as well. But in this case, we know what to do. We can simply go and remove that semicolon there. Let me go over to the notebook and simply remove the semicolon we've added here. So now there are no syntax errors and we should be able to rerun the job. Let's go over to the job and I'll show you how to rerun that. So either you can click here to repair the task, or you can go over to the run here and you can repair the run. So let's click on Repair the Run. And it gives you more options. As you can see here, you can either start the rerun from the task where it had failure, or you can include more tasks as well. So that button here the double arrow is going to the left. You can. It lets you select all the upstream tasks as well. And this arrow here lets you select all the downstream tasks as well that was already selected. So now as you can see here, Repair Run has got three tasks to run. You can remove the tasks that you don't want to run by clicking on them one more time. As you can see now, actually there is only two two tasks to rerun and there are three tasks in our job. It's not rerunning this task. The task which are going to be rerun are really highlighted. You got a blue lines around it, but it's not really obvious. So make sure that actually you've got the right number of tasks to rerun when you rerun a job. So let me click Repair Run. When I do repair Run, it's only going to rerun these two tasks because I know that the bronze has succeeded. And I don't have to rerun the I don't have any new file or my resolution didn't require any changes to the bronze notebook. So the change was to the silver notebook. So I'm going to rerun the task silver onwards. So let me click Repair Run. And now it's executing again. So you can go back to your job. And you will be able to see the run. And as you can see the job is rerunning again. So you can simply click on the start time here and then see the reruns. And as you can see, the task Silver Companies is in pending status and the gold companies in blocked. But the bronze companies is already in succeeded states. It's not rerunning the bronze companies task. It's only rerunning these two tasks here. So the two tasks we reran have been rerun. So the entire job is now succeeded. Before we finish, I want to quickly show you one more thing. In this case, the issue was not because of any intermittent issues like network issues or anything like that. So we had to manually rerun the job. There was no other option, but there are a lot of scenarios where you may get intermittent failures due to network issues or resource unavailability and things like that. So sometimes it is recommended to set retries on your jobs so that when it fails in the middle of the night, the job doesn't really fail and wait for you to fix it in the morning, or an on call person to be called over. Instead, you can simply set the retry and it will retry the job automatically. So let me show you where to do that. When I say job, I should have said task. The retry is available on the tasks. For example, let's say you are getting intermittent issues with one of the tasks here because you're accessing an API or something like that, which becomes unavailable intermittently. You can simply add retries here. Let me show you that. So as you can see here, we got the option to retry. And you can simply click here to add retry. And you can say how many times you want to retry and also what interval you want to do them in. So you can say I want to retry two two times, and I want to wait for one hour before retrying the next time. So that gives you the option to retry the jobs automatically. And there is no need for a manual intervention in those cases. But after the second attempt, if it still fails, the job will be left in a failed state and you will have to manually recover the job or repair the job. So I hope you now have a good understanding about how to debug a failure and how to rerun a job from a failure. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.