Welcome back. In this lesson, we'll look at using cron as a scheduling option with Databricks jobs. Let's navigate to the job that we created in the earlier lessons. And I'll explain this. Let's say in this job we want to add a schedule trigger. We simply have to click on the add trigger. And let's pick the schedule trigger. And as we saw previously we've got the two tabs Simple and advanced. Using advanced, the UI lets you schedule the job to run at a specific time, every hour, every week, on a specific day and time, etc. and these options are great for simple scheduling requirements, but you can't use the UI to specify complex requirements. Let me give you some examples of complex requirements first, so that you understand what I'm talking about. Let's say we want the job to run at 9 a.m. and 11 a.m. daily. You can't do that using this UI, because this UI only lets you run the job at a specific time on a day. You can't specify two times. You can either say, I want to run it at 9 a.m. or 11 a.m.. You can't do both. And also, we don't have the option to say we only want the job to run on weekdays, or even you want the job to run on the last day of the month, for example, on the 31st or in January and the 28th in February, etc.. These are just a few examples, and there are many more examples for which you can't use the UI. And this is where the cron syntax becomes helpful. With cron expressions, you can define custom and flexible schedules using a special format. As you can see, this format here represents the job to run every day at 1844, and you can specify many more complex things using this format specified here. You just need to know that cron is an option for dealing with complex schedules. But let me quickly show you the cron syntax used by Databricks jobs so that you are aware. Databricks uses code style cron syntax, as you can see in this tutorial. You can use this tutorial to learn about the cron syntax if you're interested, and it's quite simple once you understand it. And I'll leave a link for the documentation in the resources section. The cron syntax uses the format specified here. As you can see, we've got seven different fields, and the six of them at the top are mandatory. And the year is basically optional. So when you looked at the job what you're seeing here is the six mandatory fields. So as if you count it. So you'll see five 4418 and then the two stars and the question mark that basically corresponds to these field names here seconds, minutes, hours, etc.. And this is a simple syntax here as we discussed. But you can specify complex requirements using this syntax here. And let's scroll down. As you can see here are some examples. But let's take a complex example here. Let's say we want to run the job on the last day of every month at 10:15 a.m.. That's the requirement here. You can simply specify the cron syntax given here, which is zero 15 and 1010 is the hour, 15 is the minute, and then you're just specifying that it runs on the last day of the month. And it doesn't really matter what month and what year it's running in. So that's why we got the star and the question marks. And you can specify many more complex requirements using this syntax. If you have a complex requirement like this, you simply have to provide the expression here. And as you can see now actually the tick box to show the UI itself is disabled because the UI really doesn't handle with these kind of, uh, complex requirements. But when you click save it. The job's going to run on the last day of every month at 10:15 a.m.. So I hope you now have a good understanding about when to use the cron syntax and where in the UI. You need to specify the cron syntax as well. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.