Welcome Back. You learned a lot about PySpark. Now it's time to apply all that knowledge to a PySpark project. So, let me explain a project requirement. Let's start with some project background. You are working for a large multinational bank. Your bank has a master data management platform. Let's call it an MDM platform. But what is an MDM platform? An MDM platform is basically a central data management platform. The MDM platform is designed to synchronize master data within applications across the enterprise. It is critical to managing data that accurately represents business entities such as clients, employees, products, and facilities. An MDM platform does not record transactions. But they maintain an accurate gold copy of all the entities and facilities within the organization. The point is straight. MDM provides a reliable repository for managing and sharing accurate entity data for all lines of business and different systems. The MDM system works in both ways. It collects data from different systems to keep itself up to date with all entity changes. It also shares data with other systems, so they use the true golden copy of the entities. Make sense? Great! So you already have an MDM system in place. One side of the system collects data from almost every other system in the bank. You already have a data collection and management system in place. We are not going into the details of how that part of the MDM works. So here is the system in scope. But how do these systems collect data from the MDM? Let's try to understand it. The MDM system exposes some APIs for reading the most updated copy of the desired entity. So other systems in the bank will call the MDM API to query about an entity. For example, if you want to know the most up-to-date address of a customer, you can call an MDM API asking for the customer's address. And the MDM API will return the correct address entity for the given customer. All this works perfectly fine, and we are not going into the details of this portion of the system. However, many MDM consumer applications also maintain a copy of the entities. For example, let's assume a customer churn prediction system keeps a copy of the customer details, addresses, etc. Why do they keep a copy? Because they need to have a local copy of the data for creating BI reports and dashboards and generating predictions. These reports do not work reading data from the remote MDM system. The API interface is not a good solution for such requirements. The API system is in place, but it is not an excellent solution to fulfill our requirements. So let me remove the API also from the scope. Great! So here we are. We have many downstream systems needing a copy of the MDM entities. So we have a new problem. How do we send the MDM entity data to these downstream systems? That's the problem we need to solve. We have an option to connect to the MDM system and ingest data downstream. But we have many such downstream systems. And we do not want all those systems to connect to the MDM and start copying data. That will be too much for the MDM system. I mean, so many systems connecting to the MDM platform and copying data from MDM will put a lot of workload on the MDM. This approach is not scalable. So how do we design it? You decided to put a Kafka system in between these two ends. Once you have Kafka, we will bring entity data from MDM to Kafka. Then let these systems read from Kafka. This arrangement will make our system scalable without too much load on the MDM platform. We will bring data from MDM to Kafka once every day. And that's all. These systems can read the latest copy of the data from Kafka. Some might want to read it every day and synchronize their copies. Other systems might want to read from Kafka weekly and synchronize weekly. It depends on their requirement. In the worst case, the entity data will be outdated by a day. And that's your end-to-end data processing pipeline. If this pipeline works fine, you can increase the frequency to hourly. I mean, we are not creating a real-time data pipeline. It is a batch data flow pipeline that could be running weekly, daily, or even hourly depending upon the business requirements. You are assigned to the project to create the data pipeline between MDM and Kafka. I mean this project will bring data from the MDM platform, process and prepare it according to the given requirement and send it to the Kafka cluster. That is all for this capstone project. Consuming data from the Kafka topic and taking it to the downstream system is designed and developed by the downstream system team. Make sense? Great! So we defined our scope of work. Right? Now let's focus on this part and elaborate on the design details. We also have a Big data Hadoop cluster in the banking system. It is a dedicated Hadoop cluster, and you have some big data tools such as Hive and Spark already installed and configured in this platform. You are looking for opportunities to use the big data Hadoop cluster and PySpark to develop the MDM to Kafka pipeline. You started talking to the MDM team to understand how you can read data from the MDM platform using PySpark. MDM platform team gave you the following information. We have 500+ entities. MDM platform is already exporting all the entities to the Hadoop platform daily. It is a full data load every day. So we export complete entity data daily and maintain 7 days of exports. The data export is available in Hive tables and is partitioned by the load_date. You can take the data for any load_date from the Hive tables and build your pipeline to Kafka. So here is the final situation. You already have a data ingestion pipeline in place. Data from MDM is being ingested into Hive tables. So your data ingestion problem is solved. All you need is to read data from Hive tables, process and prepare it according to your requirement and push it to Kafka. Looks like a small project. But it is a fairly complex project, and you will realize the complexities as we start detailing the requirements. But for now, let's define the high-level scope of the work. We have entity data available in the Hive tables. The data ingestion pipeline is already in place. We are supposed to develop a Spark application that does the following. Takes load_date as an input argument. Reads entity data from the hive tables for the given load date. Process and prepare data according to the requirements Sends prepared entity to Kafka topic. You must also follow all the standard best practices, such as modular design, code reuse, unit testing, etc. You are also given a task to estimate the computation requirement, such as the number of executors, CPU cores, memory, etc., and recommend the job configuration for smooth running. You also need to work with the DevOps team and help them define a CI/CD pipeline for this project. Great! That's all for the project scope and background. In the following lecture, I will discuss input data and transformation requirements. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.