Welcome Back. We already talked about the requirements. Now, it's time to start designing the solution. In this lecture, we will try to put up a project structure. So let's start. Here is the high-level architecture. Our target platform is a dedicated Hadoop cluster. So we need to develop the application on our local machine, commit it to the source control, and get it packaged and deployed using the CI/CD pipeline on the Hadoop cluster. We cannot use Databricks or notebook environment. Correct? I will use PyCharm IDE to create the project. So let me put up a project directory structure. Let's assume I have a project folder. I call it SBDL - Spark Bulk Data Load application. We know we want to implement CI/CD pipeline for this project. So tracking dependencies in this project and automating dependency installation is critical. If we do not track dependencies and have the ability to automate them, we will not be able to build a CI/CD pipeline. So, how do we track the dependencies? We can use pipenv for automating dependency management. So, the first thing you need in your project is a Pipfile. So let me add a Pipfile to my project. I will create one raw Pipfile with only two dependencies in it. Here is the file content. So I have only pyspark, and pytest dependencies added to the Pipfile. We will keep adding the other dependencies we need during the project development. Make sense? Great! What else do you need? We need a .gitignore file to define a few things we do not want to push to the git repository. Here is the initial .gitignore file content. We will modify it if we need. We want to do unit testing. Right? We need two things for testing. Test data and Test code So let me add test data. I am adding three directories and three test data files. These are the same sample data files that I showed you to explain the requirement. Let me show you the file. I have nine records in the acounts_sample.csv Similarly, I have 11 records in the party_samples.csv And finally, I have nine records in the address_samples.csv. Those are my input data files for unit testing. And this approach is a standard approach for setting up your initial project. We prepare some test data for unit testing and use it to define our test cases. But these are only input data. The application's end result is sending the output to the Kafka topic. I have also prepared the end result using these input data files. If we successfully process the given test data, my application should generate eight output records for the Kafka topic. I also prepared those eight records and kept them in a file. So I added a results directory and a final_df.json file. Here is a sample screen of the file. This file contains eight JSON records. When we process the test data, it should generate eight JSON records for the Kafka topic. I manually prepared those records and kept them here, ready for testing. If my application generates eight records that match these eight records, I am sure all the processing is done correctly. Make sense? Great! We also need some test code. Right? So let me add the test_pytest_sbdl.py file. I will write my unit test code in this file and plan to use the pytest framework for unit testing. Why pytest? Because the pytest is the most popular unit testing framework in Python. It is super simple and powerful as well. I have also added some content to this file, as shown here. I have only one test case here that validates the spark version. I will remove this test case later and write real test cases. However, I wanted to have something meaningful in my starter project, and that's why I added a simple test case. Great! Unit testing is a big thing for your applications. And it takes a lot of effort and preparation. Software engineering practice demands you to prepare your test cases even before you code your application. And that's what I have done here. I prepared some input data and a list of expected outputs. I will write test cases to validate my application and pass the test case if the output matches the results I already prepared. Make sense? Great! What else do you need? I know I will need one main file. So let me add one sbdl_main.py file to the project. Here is the content of the sbdl_main.py file. I don't have much here. But I know I will take two command line arguments for my project. Environment and Load date The environment tells which environment the project is running. The values could be local, QA, or prod. The load date is another argument and is part of the requirement. I need a load date and process data only for the given load date. Make Sense? Then I created a Spark Session and used a Utils package to create the Spark session. I am also using the Log4J package to create a logger. I will explain the utils and Log4J package in a minute. But this is my starter main method. Make sense? Great! We need to follow a modular design and apply code reuse wherever possible. So instead of writing all my code in the sbdl_main.py, I will create a library and reusable functions. So let me add a lib directory to the project. Python library needs an empty __init__.py file. So I added an empty __init__.py to the lib directory. For a start, I also created Utils and logger packages. I defined the get_spark_session() function in the Utils.py. Here is the code. The get_spark_session() will create a new Spark Session depending on the current environment. So, when I am running my project locally, it will create a Spark session configured according to the local. Similarly, when running it in other environments, such as QA or PROD, I should configure the Spark Session as per the environment. That's why I have an if/else to configure the Spark session according to the environment. Make sense? Great! The next important thing is to set up your logger. We can use the print statement to send some debug messages to the console. However, using print for debugging messages is not a good practice. We cannot switch off the print messages without changing the code. So it is a good practice to set up a logger for your application. That's why I also created a logger package. Here is the content of the logger.py file. Spark uses Log4J for logging. So it is a good idea to reuse the same log4j that Spark uses. And this package does the necessary things to get the Log4J instance from Spark and set it up for our application. We will be using this logger in our application. The Log4J also requires a log4j.properties file. So let me add that also. And you can see the bare minimum content of the log4j.properties file. Great! almost every application will also require some configuration files. So let me add a conf directory and include two configuration files. sdbl.conf and spark.conf Why two? I will use sbdl.conf to keep application-specific configurations. And spark.conf will be dedicated to spark configurations. So a typical Spark project requires at-least two configuration files. These config files can have different sections. Let me show you the sbdl.conf and it will make more sense. So I have three sections in this file. LOCAL, QA and PROD I also kept some indicative configurations in each section. But I will be changing them during the development. You can have four or five sections. But I know my project will run on my local machine during the development and unit testing. The CI/CD pipeline will also run unit test cases in local mode. So I have one section for LOCAL mode configurations. Then I need to deploy the application in the QA cluster, so I have a section for QA. Similarly, I have a separate section for the production environment. And this approach gives me the flexibility to configure my application for different environments using a single config file. The second file is the spark.conf. Here it is. So I have three sections in this file also. Make sense? Great! Are we done? Almost except one last thing. You will need one shell script to submit your spark application. So let me add it to the project. You can see the bare minimum content for the shell script. We will add a few more things as we develop our application. We know the spark application must use the spark-submit command to start executing on the cluster. So you need a shell script containing the spark-submit command. Make Sense? Great! And that's all. We achieved a significant milestone and created a starter project. We created a typical project structure for any Spark project that goes on Hadoop platform. Your company may already have a similar project template. If you do not have it, you can take it this course and start using it for your future projects. I have included the starter project with the directory structure and files in your download resources. You can download this project to your local machine and open it using your PyCharm IDE. I will explain the same in the following lecture and help you with more details. But at this stage, you are now ready to start working on your project. See you again. Keep learning and Keep growing.