Welcome Back. We have already created a starter project. v First thing first We want to load the starter project in the IDE  and run the main method and unit test file to see if everything works. Let me do it. Download your starter project folder and keep it in some directory. Here it is. I renamed the directory to SBDL. Your download might create SBDL - Starter directory. But I renamed the directory as SBDL and removed the starter from the name. Now I want to open it using the PyCharm IDE. But before that, let me check a few things on my laptop. Start a command window and run python --version Here is the result. Make sure you have Python 3.10. Why? Because we defined Python 3.10 in our Pipfile. This project defines Python 3.10 dependency. So make sure you have Python 3.10 installed on your machine. You also need pip and pipenv for this project. So let me check pip using the pip --version command. If you have Python 3.10, you will most likely have pip installed. It comes with Python. But I wanted to make sure I have it. We also need pipenv. Pipenv is a packaging tool for Python. So let me install it. You can use the pip install pipenv command to install it. Done. Now you need to add the pipenv scripts to your PATH environment variable. But where are your pipenv scripts? Let me check that. So this command tells you the location of your site-packages. Copy the site package location and replace the last part from this location with the Scripts. So, In my case, I will replace the site packages with Scripts. Now you need to add this location to your PATH environment variable. You can use the SETX command to add this value to your PATH. Here is an example of the SETX command. But you can also go to the Windows Advanced System Settings and modify your PATH environment variable to include this directory in your PATH. Great! Assuming you added the location to the PATH environment variable, you can now start a new command window and test it. Run the pipenv --version command, showing you an output. Great! Now you can start your PyCharm IDE. Click the open button, and browse to your SBDL project directory. Select the directory and click OK. The IDE will load the project, and the pipenv will automatically install and add the required dependencies to your project. Now go to sbdl_main.py and run it. Okay! Arguments are missing. And that's expected. Go to the run menu and choose the edit configuration. Do you see the parameters box? Add the required command line arguments in this box and click the ok button. Great! That's all. Try running the main one once again. Do you see the Finished creating Spark Session in the output window? And that's all. It worked. Now, let's try the test case. Right-click the test_pytest_sbdl.py and click the run button. Do you the test passed message? It worked. Great! That's all. v Now you know the requirements, so you can start coding. Great! See you again Keep Learning and Keep Growing.