Welcome Back. In the earlier lecture, we created a starter project and tested it. Now it's time to push the starter project into source control so your team can start working on it. We have many source control systems in the market. GitHub GitLab and BitBucket are amongst the most popular ones. Cloud providers such as Azure also offer Git source control. However, all of these are an implementation of an open source git distributed version control system. So they work in the same way. You learn to work with one, the same applies to all the tools. Make sense? Great! We will be using the Free GitHub edition for our project. So let me go to my GitHub page. Here I am. We keep the source code in a repository. What does it mean? We need one repository for every project. So let me create a new repository. Give a name to your repository. You can make it public or private. I will keep it public. A public repository is open to all. Anyone can come and look at the repository to see the code. In your company, you will only have a private repository and grant permissions to your team. It should not be open to everyone. But this project is fine because I want all my students to see it. Great! Come down and hit the create button. That's all. You created an empty repository. Now we need to add our starter project to the repository. There are many ways to do it. However, we will learn to use the command line tool for all our git-related work. Using the command line tool is a standard approach in every project. So let me copy the repository coordinates from here so I can clone it on my local machine. Now I will come back to my local machine and open a directory. Here I am. This is my working folder. It is empty, and I will clone my project repository here. I want to use git command line tools, so let me start a command window. It is a Windows PowerShell command window. Depending upon your operating system, you can even have a windows command window, git bash, or maybe a Linux command window. The git commands are the same for all environments. But make sure you are in your working directory. I am in my SBDL Workspace directory. Correct? Great! Now I will run the git clone command to clone my project repository. Done. I cloned an empty repository, but that's perfectly fine. For running the git commands, you must install git SCM command line tools on your machine. You can get it from the https://git-scm.com/downloads page. I already installed it, so it is working for me. Now come back to your working directory. You will see a project directory. The git clone command created it. Go inside and it is blank. Now, I will paste my start project files here. That's all. I am ready to initialize my repository. How to do it? Let's go back to the repository home page. Here are the details of initializing your repository from the command line. I will run all these commands. Let's do it. Copy the git init command, return to your directory, and start the command window. Now run the git init command. Come back. Copy the following command to run. I want to add all the files and directories so let me change it to an asterisk. That's all. Come back, copy the following command, and run it. Now copy the following command and run it. But this time, I want to change the name of my main branch. I want to call it the master branch. So let me change it. There isn't anything in the name. But the master branch is a more popular term in the industry. So I want to call it the master branch instead of the main branch. Done. Now go back and copy the following command. One more is left. I changed the branch name to master. Right? So change the command accordingly. Great! That's all. Click the repository link and go to the repository home page. Here we are. You can see all your code here. The branch name is master. Correct. So we initialized our project repository with the starter project. Now your team can start working. But we have only one master branch. We do not want all your team members to push incorrect or incomplete code in the master branch and corrupt it. Right? So we need to create some more branches and establish a process that the team should follow. Correct. Let me create one more branch. I will call it a release branch. Done. Let me create one more. I will call it the dev branch. Done. I also want to protect the master branch. So let me do that also. I will protect this branch, so anyone willing to commit code in this branch must raise a pull request. In an ideal case, you should add at least one or two reviewers. And that's necessary, so your team cannot commit anything to the main branch without a proper review and approval process. Make sense? Great! You have many other protections but let me keep it simple for this project. Now go to the home page and you will see three branches. That's all. We are now ready to start working on this project. But Why I created three branches. And what is my code commit process? Let's define it. We have three branches in this project. Master Release Dev The master branch is dedicated to production deployment. The code from the master branch will go to the production environment. So, the master branch must be highly protected. No team member should be directly working or committing anything to the master branch. The Release branch is dedicated to the QA environment. The code from the release branch will go to the QA environment. In an ideal case, your team should also not work directly in the release branch. The Dev branch is for the development team. But your team members will not work in the dev branch also. So where do they work? Let's assume I am a developer on your team. I want to work on this project and add some new features to this starter project. So I will create one new branch for myself. Then I will work in my branch and commit the code. Then I will raise a pull request to merge my changes into the Dev branch. Everyone will do the same. So all the team members will create one branch for themselves, make changes and raise a pull request for the dev branch. End of the development cycle, everyone in the team will make sure to commit changes in the dev branch. Once all the changes are received in the dev branch, one team member will merge the dev branch into the release branch. And that's the end of the QA release. The final code from the release branch will go to QA for testing. Once you have the testing signoff, you will merge the release branch to the master branch so the code from the master branch will go to production. That's a typical process in most projects. How does it work in real life? Let me give you a demo. Let's assume I am a developer in the team. I want to make some changes to the project, So I will create one feature branch. Let me do it. I will go to the repository and create a new branch for myself. The source for the feature is the dev branch. Give some name to your feature branch and create it. Done. Come back to the home page, and you will see one more branch. I used the GUI to create this branch. But you could also use the command line tool for doing this. Anyways. I have my branch. Now I want to work in this branch. So I will clone my project to my local machine. You can copy the URL for cloning from here. Now go to your project directory on your local machine. Here it is for me. I already cloned it earlier, so I have the code. But let's assume you do not have it. Let me delete it. Now you can start the command window in this directory and run the git clone command. That's all. You have a copy of your project. But this is the master branch. Because the master branch is the default branch. So I will start the command window from inside the project folder. Here it is. Let me run the git status command. It tells me the correct branch. I am in the master branch. But I want to work on my feature branch. So let me run the git checkout command. Give your branch name. That's all, done. Let me run git status once again. So it tells me about my current branch. And that's what I wanted. Correct? Great. Close the command window, and you are now ready to work on the project. Now let me load the project into My IDE. Here it is. Let me run it once to see if everything is working fine. It worked. Let me run the unit test case, also. It worked. Now let's assume I want to make some changes. So I was given a task to create a ConfigLoader package. Let me add some code. That's all. I have made and tested my changes, and I know it works perfectly fine. I mean, I just copied some code here for the demo. But in an actual project, you will develop, test, and prepare. I am assuming all that is done. Now I want to push my code to the source control. I will go back to the project directory and start the command window. Let me check the git status. It tells me I created one file which is not added to the project. So let me add it. Check the status once again. Now it shows I have one new change ready to commit. So let me commit it to my current branch. Great! So far, everything has happened on my local machine. Now, I am ready to push these changes to the code repository. Let me do it. That's all. My code went to the repository. Let me go to my repository and see it. GitHub is smart enough to tell me about a new change waiting for the merge. But before that, let me check if my code has arrived. Change my current branch to the feature branch and see the lib directory. So my file has arrived here. Correct. Now let me change it to the dev branch. I don't see my code in the dev branch. And that's what we wanted. No one from the team should work directly on the dev branch. You work on your feature branch and merge your changes to the dev branch. So let's assume I am done with my development. Now it's time to realize the code for the QA environment. So what will I do? I will raise a pull request to merge my changes to the dev branch. In fact, every developer in the team will raise a pull request to merge their changes to the dev branch. Let me do it. You can do it from here. But let me go to the pull requests and create a new pull request. My target is the dev branch, and the source is the feature branch. Correct. You can see the change here. If everything looks OK, you will create the pull request. You can give some comments or descriptions here and click the button. That's all. You raised a pull request to merge your changes to the dev branch. I will leave it here and Inform my team lead or someone else in the team to review it once and approve it. In an ideal case, we add a reviewer's name to the pull request, and the reviewer will get an email notification to review and approve it. But I haven't implemented those things here. The reviewer will go to the pull request and approve it. Let me do it. I will go to the pull request, hit the merge button, and confirm it. That's all. Changes are now in the dev branch. Let me show you. GitHub is smart enough to notify you about new dev branch changes. But let's leave it for now and check the dev branch. Here it is. So my code changes are now in the dev branch. Let me check the release branch. It's not there. Correct. Let me check the master branch. That one is also clean. And that's what we wanted. The dev branch is to collect changes from all the developers in the team. Once everything has arrived in the dev branch, we will do one round of testing in the dev branch. If everything is fine, we will merge the dev branch change to the release branch and deploy it in the QA environment. Make sense? Great! Let's assume dev branch testing is done. Everything is perfectly fine. We are ready to merge all the changes from the dev branch to the release branch. How to do it? Raise a new pull request. That's how we merge changes from one branch to another branch. Right? Let me do it. This time, the target is the release branch, and the source is the dev branch. Let me create the pull request. Let me approve it also and merge the changes. It should be done by a reviewer, for that's fine for the demo. I am the only one here, so I will approve it. Now we will deploy the release branch to the QA environment, and the testing team will perform the testing activity. If there are bugs, we will fix them and merge bug fixes in the release branch once again. Deploy the changes, and the testing team will retest them. Development and bug fix works in the same way. I will create a new bug fix branch from the release branch, fix the issues and merge it back to the release branch. Now let's assume everything is done. My release branch is final. We know the code in this branch is fully functional, and there are no open issues. My testing team has given a signoff on this branch. So, you are now ready to go live. So, I will again raise one pull request to merge the release branch to the master branch. Let me do that. The target is the master branch, and the source is the release branch. Create a pull request. The reviewer will review it and approve it. That is all. Go back to home page. Let me check if my code changes have arrived in the master branch. It came. Right? Great! So we are now ready to deploy the master branch to the production environment and go live. Make Sense? Great! I hope it made some sense. In a typical project, we will set up a code repository and create multiple branches. I showed you three branches to start with. master, release, dev However, different projects might create a different branching structure. But these three are at the minimum. Other than these three, we may have multiple feature branches that team members will create themselves. We keep on deleting those feature branches every 2-3 months. But these main branches are there forever. The code in these branches will flow controlled following a well-defined process. I gave you an overview of a typical process. So the developers will create feature branches and work in their own branches. At the end of the development cycle, all changes are collected in the dev branch. The team will perform some testing to ensure everything is working fine. Then someone from the team will merge the dev branch with the release branch and deploy it to the QA environment. Once we finish QA testing and freeze the release branch, you will merge it to the master branch and deploy changes to the production environment. That's how it works. And I showed you all the manual work. However, unit testing, regression testing, code quality check, and deployment to the QA or the PROD are often automated using the CI/CD pipeline. And that's what we will cover in the following lecture. See you again. Keep learning and Keep Growing.