Welcome back. In the earlier lectures, we created a starter project and gave a proper structure to our application. Here it is. We created a project directory structure and added test data and test files. We created an application entry point, defined a library structure, and added two library packages. Then we went ahead and defined our source control strategy and created a CI/CD pipeline for this project. The point is straight. We are all set to start coding for this project. I already explained the requirement; you should take it as a project assignment and code everything yourself. However, I have already finished the coding. So let me walk you through the code. In an ideal case, you should try coding it yourself and come back here to see how I have coded it and compare the solution. Alternatively, you can finish the code walk-through now and then try doing it yourself. Both approaches are great for your hands-on learning. So let's not spend more time talking and start the code walk-through. I have opened the finished project source code in the PyCharm IDE. Here it is. Let's start with the lib folder. I created five packages in the lib. ConfigLoader DataLoader Transformations Utils Logger The ConfigLoader is for loading configurations from the two config files we created. You can see those config files in the conf directory. The DataLoader will load data and create data frames. The Transformations package is home to all the transformations. And the Utils package for anything else that doesn't fit into the other packages. Let's start with the ConfigLoader. The ConfigLoader package creates three functions. get_config get_spark_conf get_data_filter The get_config() function will read the sbdl.conf file, place all the configurations in a python directory, and return it. The idea is to read sbdl.conf only once at the start of the application and keep all the configurations in memory so we can use it wherever needed. We do not want to keep reading the sbdl.conf file multiple times. So we load it once in the main method and keep all the configurations in the memory. Make sense? Great! The get_config() also takes the current environment as input. The values for the environment could be local, QA, or prod. The function will read the appropriate section from the sbdl.conf according to the current environment. So when running locally, it will read the configurations from the local section of the sbdl.conf. Similarly, when we are running in QA, it will read a section of the sbdl.conf. Make sense? Great! The next one is the get_spark_conf(). This guy is similar to the get_config(). But it will read spark.conf file. This function creates a SparkConf object and adds all the configurations in SparkConf. We are not keeping the spark.conf values in a Python dictionary. Instead, we are keeping it in the SparkConf object. Why? Because Spark configurations are used only once at the time of creating a SparkSession. And the SparkSession directly uses the SparkConf object. So we are directly loading it into the SparkConf object. You will see it when we look at the code for creating a Spark session. The last one is the get_data_filter(). This guy will help us to build a where clause at runtime. What does it mean? Let me explain. We will be loading account data from the hive tables. Right? By default, we will be loading all the records from the account tables. But we want to have the flexibility to configure filter conditions. For example, you may have a requirement to load only those records where active_ind = 1. So, we can have a filter condition in our sbdl.conf file. Let me show you. Look at the sbdl.conf file. We have a configuration here. It says, account.filter = active_ind = 1. So the account.filter is the filter name, and active_ind = 1 is the filter condition. Now come back to the ConfigLoader loader. So the get_data_filter() will load the filter condition from the side.conf file and return a string. We will use this string in the where clause while loading the data. You will see this also in a minute. Great! That's all about the ConfigLoader. Let me close it and go to the DataLoader. Here it is. We have six functions here. We have three tables to load. So I created two sets of functions for each table. Let me collapse all the code so you can see all of it. Great! Look at the last three functions. read_accounts read_parties read_address So we have three functions to read three tables. One function for each table. Then we have three functions to define a schema for all three tables. Let me expand and show you the get_account_schema() Super simple. We define the schema string and return it. So whenever I need a schema for the account table, I can call this function. The same goes for the other two tables; we have get_schema() functions for all three tables. Make sense? Let me collapse it and expand the read_accounts(). The read_accounts() code is super simple and works using the enable_hive argument. In the QA and PROD environment, the enable_hive will be true, and we will read data from the hive table. I will also load the filter condition from the config file using the get_data_filter() function. Then I will apply it in the where clause. We will not have the hive database in the local environment, so the enable_hive will be false. And we will load the test data from the CSV file. This approach allows me to run my application locally and in QA and PROD environments. Make sense? Great! The other two functions are also the same. Let me expand them and show you. The read_parties() will read from the parties table, and the read_address() will read from the address table. These functions will read the data, create a dataframe and return it. Make sense? Great! Now let's look at the Utils package. Here it is. So we have only one function in the Utils. This function creates a Spark Session. I have two scenarios for creating Spark Session. Create Spark Session for the local environment Create Spark Session for the QA or PROD environments For local, I will set the master as local and log4j.properties from the current directory. That's the only difference. The master configuration will come from the spark-submit command line for all other environments. So we do not set anything for the master. It will be automatically picked from the spark-submit command line. Similarly, log4j.properties will also come from the spark-submit command line option. You should also notice the get_spark_conf() function here. We defined this function in the ConfigLoader and are using it here. This function will load Spark Session configurations from the spark.conf file and use it to create the Spark Session. Make sense? Great! That's all about creating Spark Session. Now let's move to the logger. The logger is standard code except for the project name. It doesn't change and remains the same for almost all the Spark projects. We only change the project name for the logger. So nothing much to talk about here. Now let's move to the Transformations. I have to sever transformation functions here. The transformations are the core of business logic. Almost all the main work is done here. You may have to spend some time to fully understand the transformation's logic. However, let me give you a quick walk-through. The first function is the get_insert_operation(). This one is super simple. It creates a triplet of three values. operation NewValue OldValue We must send all the data elements as a triple of these three. Right? So I created a function so I don't have to code the triplet creation all over the place. Make sense? Great! We have three transformation functions for the three tables. get_contract() get_relations() get_address() Let's start with the get_address(). The get_address takes an address dataframe and packages all the fields into the party address struct. Then we use the get_insert_operation() function to convert the partyAddress into a tripplet. And that's all. Similarly, the get_relations() will take the party dataframe and create triplets for the party fields. Now let's see the get_contract(). This one looks complex, but it is not. The main purpose of this function is to take the account dataframe and convert it into a dataframe of triplets for account fields. The code looks complex, but it is simple. We have some null handling complexities with the contract_title, and that's why it looks complex. But I am sure if you spend some time with the code, you can understand how it is done. Then we have two functions to join data frames. join_party_address join_contract_party Both are simple. The join_contract_party() is a simple join operation. The join_party_address() is a little complex. And the complexity is to collect multiple parties for a single account and create a list. So we group by account_id and use the collect_list() to create a list of all parties by the account_id. That is all. The last function is the apply_header() function. This function takes a final dataframe and adds an event header to each record. Looks like a lot of complex code, but it is not. You may have to spend some time reading and investigating the code to understand how we achieve the requirements. But it should be reasonably easy to understand it. Great! We are done with the lib packages. Now let's go to the main method and see how everything is stitched together. Here we are. The main code starts by creating a spark session. I am using Utils.get_spark_session() function to create the Spark session. Then I create the logger. The logger requires a Spark session. So I cannot create the logger before I create the Spark session. The next step is to read the account dataframe and transform it. Then we read the parties and transform them. The next step is to read the address and transform it. So I read all three tables and transformed them individually. Then I start joining them. I will join the party and address it together. The next step is to bring in the accounts and join them also. The data_df creates the payload. Finally, I will call the apply_header() function to add the event header over the data_df. The final_df is the dataframe having everything I need. And this is what I am going to send to the Kafka topic. However, Kafka takes a key/value pair. I mean, you cannot send a 10-column dataframe to Kafka. To send a dataframe to Kafka, it must be a two-column dataframe. The first column must be a key, and the second field should be a value. That is all. Kafka accepts only key/value dataframe. So I will convert the final_df into a key/value dataframe. How do I do it? Simple! Use the select statement and take only two fields. I will take contractIdentifier.newValue and call it the key. Then I will take everything using the * and package it into a struct(). The value should go to Kafka as a JSON. So I will use the to_json() function and convert the value column into a JSON string. That is all. The kafka_kv_df is a two column dataframe. I have a key, and the rest of the fields are converted into a JSON string. That's the trick for sending a dataframe to Kafka. Make sense? Great! That's all about the code walk-through. We are still left with the details of how to send the kafka_kv_df to Kafka and how to write unit test cases. And I will cover these two items in a separate lecture. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.