Welcome Back. Unit testing your application code is one of the most critical best practices. Many projects will not accept your application code without proper unit test cases. So let's talk about how to implement unit test cases for your PySpark project. But before that, let me answer the following question? What is unit testing? What do we do in Unit Testing? Let's start with the first question. In software development, we write our code as reusable functions. Let me show you. Here is the SBDL project. Let me go to the lib directory and open the ConfigLoader. I have three functions in this package. Each function is a unit of application code. I can call these functions, and they should work independently. And that's why we consider a function the smallest unit of the application. But how do you test it? Think about it? Let me explain. You must write code to call the function and pass the required argument to the function. Correct? So let me write some code for calling the function. What will happen? The function will do the following. Read the sbdl.conf Create a Python dictionary Add all the configurations as key/value pairs in the dictionary Return the dictionary Correct? And I will get the dictionary in the conf variable. But I want to test whether the conf dictionary has correct values from the sbdl.conf file. How do I test it? I can print the conf object. Right? And it will show me an output like this. Now I can see the output and verify it. You can open the sbdl.conf file and verify all the values are coming correctly from the file. Let me compare one value. Look at the kafka.topic. What is the value of this configuration? sbdl_kafka_cloud Now go to the sbdl.conf file and look at the Kafka.topic value in the local section. It matches. Right? The exact value comes in the output. So my function is to read the configurations correctly from the file. But I am still not done. I tested reading from the local section. Let me test one more scenario. Here is the code for the second scenario. This time, I want to call the function for QA. Let's see if it is reading QA configurations or local environment configurations. Here is the output. This time, I will check the hive.database value. The hive.database value was null for the local. But for QA, it comes correctly from the file's QA section. Now I feel confident about my function. I tested two scenarios for my get_config(), and both worked as expected. And that should be enough to give me confidence that my function is doing what it is expected to do. All this activity is known as unit testing. I tested one unit of my code, and I tested it using two test scenarios. But I have done manual unit testing. Can we automate it? Can I write code to test my function? Yes, you can do that. Let's try coding it. Here is the code for my first test scenario. And here is the code for the second scenario. So what am I doing? I am calling my function to get the Python dictionary. The result comes in the conf variable. I was doing the same in the manual testing also. Right? But in manual testing, I will print the result and manually see it myself. Then I will compare it with the value in the local section of the sbdl.conf file. But in automation testing, I will use the assert statement in automation testing to compare the returned value with the expected value. The assert statement will pass If both the values are the same and throw an error if they are different. The assert statement is like an if/else statement. If the condition is true, do nothing; else, raise an error. That's how you can write code to test your functions. And this approach is known as automation of unit test cases or automated unit testing. I gave you a raw example to understand the idea. But to do this properly, you will need to use a unit testing framework. We have many unit testing frameworks, but PyTest is the most popular. So let's talk a little about PyTest and implement these two scenarios using the pytest. Using PyTest can be done in the following steps. Create a test file Import the pytest package Create a Pytest fixture Create Pytest functions Let's try doing all of this step by step. The first step is to create a test file so you can write all your test scenarios in the file. The test file is nothing but a python file. So let me create a new Python file for my project. I will name it test_pytest_sbdl.py The name is important. A pytest file name must start with test_or end with _test.py. You can give whatever name you want, but the file name should have a test at the beginning or end. That's a best practice and also a rule. You must follow that. The pytest framework automatically discovers your test cases by looking at your project's file names. So the test file name must follow a rule to help the pytest framework identify the correct files. Great! So we have a test file now. The next step is to import the pytest package. Let me do it. Step 3 is to create a pytest fixture. A Pytest fixture is a function. We define functions, mark them as a fixture, and use these functions to prepare resources for the test cases. These resources could set up a database connection or create a test dataset. It could be anything that you will need in your test case. For example, A Spark application needs a Spark session. So I can define a fixture function to create a Spark Session. Let me do it, and then it will make more sense. That's all. I created a spark() function. I am creating a Spark session and returning it inside the function body. I mark this function a pytest.fixture. What does that mean? Simple! Pytest framework will know it is a fixture and not a test case. So do not try to run it as a test case. Now, whenever I need a spark Session, I will use this fixture. I don't have to create Spark Session again for any test case. The last step is to create the Pytest function. And that's where we write our unit test cases. So let me write one pytest function to implement our unit test case. That's all. So what am I doing? I want to test the get_config() function. So I will create a test function and write my test code inside the test function. The test function name must start with test_. I created test_get_config(). You can give it whatever name you want. But the test function name must start with the test_. That's a pytest rule. The rest of the code is simple. I am calling get_config("LOCAL"), which returns a conf_local Python dictionary. Then I am again calling get_config("QA"). This time, it will read the QA section of the configuration and return the results in the conf_qa. The next step is to write the assert statements. The first assert statement compares one configuration from the local section. The following assertion is to verify a configuration from the QA section. And that is all. I finished creating a unit test case for the get_config(). You can run this test case. Let me do it. Great! You can see the message - Test passed. That is all about unit testing at a high level. But we want to cover a few more things. Let me show you one more function. Go to the DataLoader package in the lib directory. I have six functions here. We want to test these functions also. So let me show you a new test case for the read_accounts() function. This function reads the account data and returns a dataframe. So let me return to my test file and create a new unit test case for this function. Let me write the test case. That's all. It is a super simple test case. I am calling DataLoader.read_accounts() function with all the necessory arguments. If the fuction works correctly, I will give me accounts_df. I know I have eight records in my accounts test file. So I assert the accounts_df.count() == 8. If I get eight records, I am sure my read_accounts() function leads the data correctly. And that's a super simple test case. You can write a more complex test case to verify all the records. I will show you one such test case in a minute. But let's keep this test case as simple as validating the record count. I mean, the record count is good enough to verify my function is working as expected. Great! Did you notice the spark session variable in this test case? The DataLoader.read_accounts() function requires spark session. I can create a new Spark session and pass it here. But this is just one test case. What if I have 20 test cases requiring a spark session. Will you create a new spark session for every test case? That's where we have pytest.fixture. The pytest fixture is a technique to create reusable data or configurations. And that's what I am doing here. I already created a fixture here. The name of the fixture is the spark. The function name is the fixture name. My fixture function name is spark(). That means my fixture name is the spark. This fixture creates and returns a spark session. I need this fixture in my test case. So, in my test_read_accounts() function, I will ask pytest to pass the spark fixture as an argument. What does it mean? Simple! When I run the test_read_accounts(), the pytest framework will know I need a spark fixture. So it will call the spark() fixture function, take the return value, and pass it here. That's all. I will get the spark session and use it. That's how we use fixtures. Fixtures are input to your test cases. Let's try running this test case and see if it works. Passed. Correct? Great! Let's do one more. Let me go back to my DataLoader package. I created a test case for read_accounts(). Now let's create a test case for read_parties(). I compared only the record count for the accounts. But for parties, we will compare the full dataframe. So let's do it. Go back to your test file and create a new test function. That's all. I created the test_read_parties_row() function. This function takes two fixtures. The first is the spark session, and the second is the expected_party_rows. We already created a spark session fixture. The expected_party_rows rows fixture is not yet ready, but that's fine. I will define it in a minute. Let's see what we are doing. I am reading the parties' data files to create a dataframe. Then I use the collect() action to bring all the rows back to the python list. So the actual_party_rows is the list of rows returned by the read_parties() function. The next step is to compare it with the expected party rows. If that works, I know; my function is working as expected. But this test function needs another fixture. So let me go up and create the fixture. I will simply paste the code here. That's all. I manually created a list of 11 rows. I know that if the function reads all the rows correctly, I should match with the expected_party_rows. That is all. Let me go back and run the test case. It worked. Great! So we learned a lot. Let me quickly summarize. Creating unit test cases is all about creating test functions. So we choose our code and think about it to understand how to test the functionality. In most cases, it will compare actual and expected results. And then, we write code to implement that test. You can use the pytest framework for doing all this. Pytest allows you to define your test cases as test functions. You can also define a pytest fixture to create the expected data set and spark session. The framework will automatically pass the fixture to your test function. That is all. Now let me add two more final ideas to unit testing. store expected results in files Use the chispa framework to compare dataframe The first one is simple. Let me explain it with an example. Go to the Transformations package in the libs folder. Look for the get_contract() function. This function takes an account dataframe, applies all these transformations we defined here, and returns the result. Correct? I want to test this function. How to do it? The idea is simple. Compare the actual result with the expected result. If both match, you are good to pass the test case. Correct? But you need the actual result and the expected result. I have already prepared the expected result. Let me show you. Go to the test_data/results/contract_df.json file. Here it is. This is my expected result. I did manual testing, verified the result, and found it correct. So I captured the correct results and saved them here in this file. I haven't manually prepared it. Now I will use this expected result to create automated unit testing. The point is straight. I prepared the expected results file. And I can use it to create automation testing. Let's do it. Go back to your test file and create a fixture for the expected result. I will paste it here because the code is a little lengthy. Look too long, but it is not. Let me collapse the schema and show you a simpler view. Good. So I define a schema and read the expected result from the data file. That is all. Why do I want to read it from the file? I mean, I created expected_party_rows for my earlier test case. You can see it here. Right? I created 11 rows. I could do the same for the expected_contract_df. Why do I want to keep the expected_contract_df records in a file and load it from the file? Think about it. What if you have 500 expected rows? Writing code for creating 500 expected rows will be a lot of code. Isn't it. You can keep those 500 rows in a file and load it to create a fixture. You can even have 5K expected rows in a file. And that's why we prefer keeping expected rows in a file. Make sense? Great! So you learned to create expected results fixture. When the result set is large, you should keep it in the file. If it is small, you can even code it in the fixture. Now let's create a test case for his scenario. Great! I will take the spark and the expected_contract_df fixtures. Then I will use the read_accounts() function to create the accounts_df. Finally, I will call the get_contract() function and pass the accounts_df. The get_contract() will return the actual dataframe. Now I have the actual_contract_df and expected_contract_df. How do I compare these two guys? You already learned it. Right? Collect the rows in a list and compare the list. Let me do it. That's all. We also have a chispa package for comparing dataframe. Let me show you. Go to the top of the file and import the chispa package. You may have to install this dependency. So, I am importing the assert_df_equality function from the chispa package. Now, I can use it in my test case. Let me come down and use it. So, the chispa package gives you an assert_df_equality() function. You can use this function to compare two data frames. What is the benefit? You do not have to collect() and compare the lists. However, the chispa function will internally do the same. I mean, it will collect both the data frames and compare the list. In case of a mismatch, it will give you a nice formatted error message. So at a high level, the chispa function may not give you a lot of benefits. So you can use the chispa function or simply collect and compare the list. I recommend looking at the chispa GitHub documentation and seeing if you can find some additional utility functions. Many people use it nowadays because it is convenient. Great! That's pretty much all about the unit testing of your Spark applications. I showed you some unit test cases here. But I have several more unit test cases written for this capstone project. You can refer to the source code to see some more examples. But core concept is already covered. Great! That's all for this lesson. See you again. Keep learning and Keep growing.