Welcome Back. We finished almost all the coding of the project requirements. However, the last step of the project is to send the final output to a Kafka topic. So let's go back to the project and see what we can do now. Go to your main method. Scroll down to the end. Here we are. We created a kafka_kv_df, and now you want to send this dataframe to the Kafka topic. I already explained some basics of sending data to Kafka. Kafka accepts only key/value records. So if you want to send data to Kafka, you must create a dataframe with only two columns. The first column name must be key, and the second column name should be valued. That's a mandatory requirement. And we have already prepared our dataframe accordingly. Now, all we need to do is to send it to Kafka. But we need a Kafka cluster. Right? You can configure Kafka on your local machine and test your code. But that's a lot of work. And in an actual project, you will have a Kafka cluster running on a remote location, and you should send your data to the remote Kafka cluster. So let's follow the same approach. We will create a Kafka cluster in the cloud and send data to the same. Go to https://www.confluent.io/. Here we are. Click the Get Started Free button. Fill in your details and create a new account. They give you some free credits for 30 days and don't even ask you for credit card details. You can create a free account, use it to create a Kafka cluster, and learn things. Go ahead and create a free account. They will send you a verification email and create a free confluent account. Once you have your account, you can go to https://confluent.cloud/ and log in to the Confluent Kafka Cloud platform. I already have one, so let me log in. They will take you to the home page. Click this environments button and add cloud environment. Let me call it sbdl-dev. Scroll down and click the Begin Configuration. I will choose the free option. But you can even choose the paid option because you have free credits. They will charge you for the free credits. The next step is to choose a cloud platform. All are the same. Let me choose Azure. Then you must choose a cloud region. Let me choose the Singapore region because that will be close to me. Enable it. That's all, done. Now you can take a tutorial or go ahead and create a cluster. Let me create a cluster on my own. I will go with the basic cluster because I am not going to send a lot of data. Choose the cloud and the region. They are asking it again. But that's fine. Let me choose Azure and Singapore region once again. Take a single zone availability and continue. Payment details? Well, Skip Payment. Change the cluster name. Let me call it sbdl-dev-cluster. Now you can launch the cluster. That's all, you are done. What do you want next? Nothing. So click the cross button and close it. Great! So you are now on your cluster home page. You can create a Kafka topic and do a few other things from here. We want to create one Kafka topic for our application so we can send data. Right? So let me click the topic menu and create a topic. Give a name to your topic. Default values for partitions and other things are acceptable to us. So hit the Create with defaults button. That's all, you have a topic now. We are almost done setting up a Kafka cluster and creating a topic. Now we want to send our dataframe to this topic. Correct? And for doing that, we need some more details. Let's try to get those details. Click the Data Integration menu, and you will see different language clients. Kafka supports all these languages to interact with the Kafka cluster. We want to send data from the PySpark program. But internally, it is Java. You already learned it. Right? PySpark code internally calls Java APIs. So choose the Java language from the list. And they will show you all the details. So what are all the details we got? bootstrap.servers security.protocol sasl.jaas.config sasl.mechanism client.DNS.lookup session.timeout.ms and acks And some more details about the Schema Registry. We are not planning to use Schema Registry, so you can ignore those details. But all other details are essential. We will copy all these details and keep them in our config file. Let me show you. Go back to your project and open the sbdl.conf file. Here it is. Do you see the Kafka configurations? I have created a configuration for all the required values and pasted it here. Make sure you copy the correct values for your cluster and paste them here correctly. Let me quickly walk you through the values. kafka.topic is sbdl_kafka_cloud. If you created a topic with a different name, you must change it here. Copy your Kafka.bootstrap.servers value from the webpage and replace it here. Let me do it. Kafka.security.protocol remains the same for everyone. kafka.sasl.mechanism will also remain the same. kafka.client.DNS.lookup will be the same for everyone. kafka.sasl.jaas.config will also remain the same for everyone. Only the username and password will change. I placed the username and password with a placeholder. So nothing to change here. This value should work for everyone. The last two things are kafka.api_key and kafka.api_secret. These are your credentials. You can create it. Go back to your Confluent web page. You will see a button for Create Kafka Cluster API Key. Hit that button, and it will create a key for you. You can give a description. Copy and paste the key for the Kafka.api_key in your sbdl.conf. Similarly, copy the secret and paste it for Kafka.api_secret. That is all. You can go back to the page and click the download and continue button. They will send you a file with all these details. But we already copied it, so there is nothing to worry about. That's all your preparation work. Come back to your project, and look at the sbdl.conf file. So what do we have here? I have all the Kafka configuration details save here in the local environment section But we also have QA and PROD sections. Right? The idea is to get the QA Kafka cluster details and keep them in the QA section. Similarly, you can collect the PROD Kafka cluster details and keep them in the PROD section. Now come back to the main method. I have already written code to send the dataframe to Kafka. So what are we doing? I have dataframe.write method to get the dataframe writer Then I am setting the format to Kafka. The rest of the code is to set different options. Finally, we call the save() method. So writing a data frame is the same. We use the same approach to write a dataframe to disk or Kafka topic. The only difference is in the format and options. Correct? You can set the format to Kafka, give all the Kafka connection details in the options and save it. Spark will write the dataframe to a Kafka topic. The Kafka format is not available in the default Spark packages. I will need a Spark Kafka connector package to make it work. So, let me go back to the spark.conf. Look at the spark.jars.packages configuration. Do you see the spark-SQL-Kafka connector package? This is mandatory. I configured my application to download and install the spark-SQL-Kafka package from the maven repository. It will happen automatically. I don't have to manually install it. That is all. Let's go back to the main method. Can we run it? Yes, let me run the main method. Finished. Go back to your Kafka cluster. Click the topics link. You will see your topic. Click it. Now go to messages. You should see your message. If not, choose jump to offset in the second lookup. Go to the next box, type 1, and you will see some partitions in the list. Choose any partition, and it will show you messages in that partition. Expand the value, and you can see your JSON data. Great! Once you are done, click the sbdl-dev link at the top. That's your environment name. Right? Now click the three dots and delete your cluster. That's all. Great! We learned how to send data to a Kafka topic. The approach is super simple. Prepare a Key/Value dataframe and send it to Kafka using the dataframe writer API. The format will be Kafka, and you must know the Kafka connection details. That is all. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.