Welcome Back. We finished creating our application, unit testing and defining our CI/CD pipeline. Now it's time to run the application in the production environment. However, you cannot run your application in production without knowing the resource requirement. You must know the following things before you start your application in production. You must know how much CPU capacity is required for your application. And similarly, How much memory do you need? In this lecture, we will try to estimate these values for the SBDL project. Let's start with some basics. Spark application runs as one driver and multiple executors. We give CPU and memory resources to the driver using the following configurations. We will come back to this and discuss how to determine these values. But before that, let's talk about the executors. We use the following configuration to define our executor capacity. We keep these configuration values in mind before we start our application in production. There are many other Spark configurations. But those are subject to tuning depending upon the runtime behavior of your application. However, these are the core configurations to define your application resources. Running your application in the cluster without having a reasonable estimate of these values is like driving in the dark without a headlight. The point is straight. These values are super important even before you start your application for the first time in a production environment. Let's try to estimate these for our SBDL project. I will first talk about the driver. Here is the list of configurations for the driver. Allocating and determining resources for the driver container is straightforward. We already know the driver doesn't do any data processing. Right? So the driver might not require a lot of CPU and memory. But your driver will do the following critical things. Create a Python worker process for PySpark Create a JVM process for running the Spark driver process. Py4J tunnel for communicating between Python and JVM So the driver needs two types of memories. JVM Heap memory Off-Heap Overhead Memory The JVM Heap memory is used by the JVM driver and Py4J tunnel. The Off-Heap non-JVM memory is used by the PySpark worker and Py4J tunnel. Let's talk about the JVM Heap memory. The JVM Heap memory is used for the following. Create an execution plan and data partitioning strategy, trigger jobs, allocate partitions and code to tasks, and monitor the progress Collect and distribute any broadcast data Collect data at the driver caused by collect() or take() actions The first one is CPU-intensive work. Most of the time, we do not implement multithreading in our Spark applications. But you have already learned to implement multithreading in Spark and run parallel Spark Jobs. If you are running multithreading, you need multiple cores. The best practice is to give one core per thread. But if you do not have multithreading, you can live with one CPU core for your driver. However, to be safer and not stress the driver with a single core, we recommend 2 CPU cores for production applications. We are anyway running Python and JVM processes. So, to be safer, let's assume we will use 2 CPU cores for the driver. Now comes the memory. The broadcast and collect() actions are memory intensive. So you need some extra memory for broadcasting data and collecting data. We also have a general standard to give at least 2GB for each CPU core. So you should go with 4 GB for the driver because we are giving 2 CPU cores to the driver. The point is straight. We do not want to try saving a lot on the driver. It is almost standard to go with 2 CPU cores and 4 GB for the driver. But remember, you will get approximately 50% of the JVM memory for data-related work. So if you have 4 GB to the driver, you can safely assume you have 2GB for broadcast and collecting data at the driver. Which should be good enough. You also need off-heap Overhead Memory for running PySpark in a Python worker The Overhead meory comes from the spark.driver.memoryOverhead. Spark uses the following formula to allocate overhead memory. So for our example, it will be 400 MB. And that should be enough. We do not increase it. But if you get Memory Overhead Exceeded exception at your driver, you must increase the overhead memory. Why does this happen? This can happen if you collect a lot of data from the driver and bring it to Python. Unfortunately, you gave 4GB of memory to your JVM. But you have only 400 MB at the Python worker. So you cannot even collect 400 MB of data at your PySpark driver. If you do, the Python worker starts expanding memory, and you will see Memory Overhead Exceeded. So make sure you do not collect too much data at the driver. If you want to, you must increase overhead memory. But in almost every other case, default memory overhead should be acceptable for the driver. And that's all for the driver cores and memory. Let me quickly show you my decisions and summarize them. I am giving 2 CPU cores to my driver. I am not using multithreading in my driver, so 2 CPU cores are enough. I am giving 4 GB JVM heap memory. And that is ideal as 2GB per CPU core. But I am using PySpark. So I know JVM memory is not used by the PySpark worker. If I am collecting data at the driver, it will also come to the Python worker. So I increased my overhead memory to 1G. With this setting, I can safely collect approximately 600MB of data from the driver. The SBDL project is not collecting data from the driver. But I still prefer this configuration, so I have some extra space for my PySpark worker. And that's all for the driver resources. Now let's talk about the executors. Here is the list of configurations for the executor. The first one is the spark.executor.cores. How many cores do you want to give to the executor? Is there any magic number? Yes. It is 5 for a Hadoop YARN cluster. Various experiments have found that 5 cores per executor work best for a Hadoop YARN cluster. So will go with 5 executor cores. An executor also needs some JVM heap memory and extra off-heap overhead memory like the driver. Let's talk about the JVM memory. I got 5 cores on my executor. Correct? So as a thumb rule, I should take 2GB per CPU core and allocate 10 GB for the executor. But you should also understand how Spark will use this 10 GB. Spark will take out 300MB for running the executor process itself. That's called reserved memory, which is fixed at 300MB per executor. Then you will give only 60% of the remaining for the executors. So you have only 5820 MB for the 5 cores to do data processing work. But 50% of this memory can be taken up by data caching. So you are left with 2910 MB for 5 CPU cores. So end of the day, you will have 582 MB per core. Correct? That's all you have. Each core will process one data partition. Is it enough to process one partition using 582 MB? It depends on your partition size. It usually takes around 4X memory to process X amount of data. Why 4x? Many reasons. Data in memory is always larger than the data on disk. It's not only data that takes up space. Spark also creates many in-memory structures during processing. You may also need some extra memory for sorting. Spark does a lot of things in memory. So if your data partition is X, you should provision at least 4X memory. Bigger is better, but 4X is a good starting point. Let's assume my partition size is 128 MB. So 4X of 128 MB comes to 512MB. That fits in my 582 MB per core. So I think I can live with 10 GB executor memory if I ensure all my partitions are below 128 MB. Correct? But ensuring your partition size is really hard. You never know. An aggregation or a Join may result in a larger partition size. We will talk about it later. But for now, 10 GB for 5 cores is a good starting point, and we will try to make sure our partitions don't go above 128 MB. So we are done with the JVM memory allocation. But Spark's executor also needs off-heap overhead memory. The formula for executor overhead memory is the same as the driver. Here is the formula. For our example, it comes to 1 GB overhead memory. This number increases with the amount of executor memory. I have 10 GB of executor memory, so I get 10% of that. One GB of overhead memory looks enough for my project. The overhead memory is mainly used by container processes, network buffers, Python workers, and Py4J. I am not using any Python UDF, Python Packages, etc. So I know I am not going to have a Python worker. Overhead memory is critical for Python workers. But my application is free from Python workers. So I do not care much about the overhead memory. I will wait to see Memory Overhead Exceeded error before increasing my overhead memory. Make sense? Great! So we decided on our executor size. Let me summarize it. We decided to go with 5 cores per executor. I haven't applied any logic to making that decision. It is a magic number for Hadoop YARN clusters. Five CPU cores per executor perform best on Hadoop YARN. I am going to take 10GB of memory per executor. This number will give me approximately 580 MB for data processing. I will try to make sure all my partitions are below 128 MB. So I do not face memory problems. We still have some extra memory for caching. My application is not caching anything. So the extra memory for caching will be utilized for data processing as and when needed. And that gives me enough protection against some larger partitions. Correct? I do not use any Python package in my project, and no Python UDF is used. So I do not care much about the overhead memory and go with the default 10%. Make sense? Great! So we decided on our executor capacity. Now the last question remains. How many executors do I need? That depends on my data volume and number of partitions. Why? Think about it. I have only five slots in one executor. How many executors do you need to process 10 partitions in parallel? You will need two executors. Correct? Two executors will give you 10 slots and allow you to process 10 partitions in parallel. So the number of executors depends on my partition count. But it is not that easy to know the partition count. I have to run my application and collect some data. But what do we want to know? We want to know two things. Execution plan of my application. And Partition count for each stage in my execution plan. How do you get it? The easiest method is to run your application in a QA environment and capture these details. I have done that. I mean, I executed my application in the QA environment, went to the Spark UI, and captured the execution plan. Here it is. I have only one action in my application. What is that? Send data to Kafka topic. Right? And the action is being executed using the execution plan shown here. So I have five stages for my application. Let me name the stages, so we understand what is happening at each stage. Stage 1 is reading the accounts table. Stage 2 is to read parties, and stage 3 is to read addresses. Stage 4 is joining the party and address. Stage 5 will join the party address with accounts. Everything else is a narrow transformation. So we do not worry too much about the internals of the stages. But we care about the stages and try to understand the data volume for each stage. Let me start putting some data volume numbers. My accounts table is 100 GB, so stage one will read 100GB of data, and the same hundred GB will go to the exchange at the end of stage one. Correct? Similarly, parties table is 50GB, and the party address is 60GB. Stage 4 will join the party and address it, handling 110GB of data. Correct? We have 50GB parties and 60GB addresses, and it sums up to 110GB. The last stage will combine everything together so that one can handle 210GB of data. Make sense? Great! Now let's start putting up partition count. Here it is. Calculating partition count is super simple for the first three stages. We know Spark default configurations will try to create 128 MB partitions. We can tune it but let's assume I am using the defaults. I am assuming 125 MB instead of a 128 MB partition for the simplified calculation. So the accounts table is expected to have 800 initial partitions. How? We have 100GB of data, and Spark, by default, will try to create 125 MB of even-sized partitions for my dataframe. I already covered the logic and formula for initial partitions in the earlier lectures. So you know this step is simple. Spark will automatically split the 100GB dataframe into 800 partitions. Similarly, the party dataframe should have 400 partitions, and the address should be read into 480 partitions. Make sense? So far, so good. Now we must decide on the shuffle partitions. The default value of the shuffle partitions is 200. So If I use the default, the first stage will result in 200 partitions of 500MB each. That's bad. I planned to keep my partitions as small as 128 MB. I have only 582MB of memory for data processing at my executor. Generating 500MB partitions will either slow down my application or throw an OOM exception. We do not want to have 500 MB partitions. So let me increase the shuffle partitions to 800. Why 800? Because I want to preserve the initial partition size. I got 800 partitions in the beginning. Each partition is 125 MB, which is a good size for my application. So let's keep the shuffle partition to 800, so I can have the same 125 MB partitions at the end of stage 1. Make sense? Great! So we fixed the shuffle partitions to 800. But the shuffle partition count will impact all the stages. You cannot change the shuffle partition for each stage. You will set it once, and the same value is used for all the stages. Correct? The point is straight. The shuffle partition count will impact all the stages. Let's see how it impacts other stages. Stage two will also create 800 shuffle partitions. But the data is small for stage two. So each partition will be 62.5 MB. And that's fine for us. We do not want larger partitions. But smaller is fine. Correct? Similarly, stage three will have 75 MB partitions. But in the end, stages 1, 2, and 3 will have 800 partitions each. And all the partitions are either 125 MB or smaller. And that's fine for us. Now comes stage 4. Stage 4 combines parties and addresses and deals with 110GB of data. But the partition count is still 800. So the partition size will increase. Stage 4 will process and create 137.5 MB data partitions. That's a little bigger than 125MB, but it is still good. We are not going too big on partitions in stage 4. Correct. I think we are okay with the stage four size partition sizes. Now let's go to stage 5. This one deals with 210 GB of data. The partition count remains the same at 800. But the partition size will grow above 250MB. Correct? So the last stage could be a problem for us. How do we deal with it? I have two approaches. The first approach is to increase the shuffle partitions. Let's assume I make 1600 shuffle partitions. What will happen? All the partition sizes will become half. Now the partition size of my last stage came down to 131.5 MB. And that comes within my range. Correct? But let's go back to the 800 shuffle partitions. Here it is. I have a little problem in my last stage. My partition size is coming around 250 MB. Is that a breaking condition for me? I think no. Why? I configured my Spark memory to get 500 MB for each core. I also have 500 MB for data caching. I am not caching anything. So the actual capacity is 1GB per core. We want 4X memory, and If I consider 1GB per core, I have 4X. Right? So my stage five is also doable. Right? The point is straight. I can increase the shuffle partitions to 1600 and reduce the partition size. Alternatively, I can increase the memory So I can handle larger partitions at stage 5. I am choosing the second option. Give higher memory to each executor. I already configured my executor memory to expand up to 1 GB. And I think it should work. So I will go with the 800 shuffle partitions. Make sense? Great! Now I know my volumes and partition counts. And I also validated my executor configuration. Here it is. This configuration gives me up to 1GB per core for data processing. My maximum partition size is coming up to 250 MB. I have 4X memory for data processing. And that looks good to me. So we are now ready to translate this information into a number of executors. How many executors do I need for the best results? Let's see how we do that. Let's look at the stages. Stages 1, 2, and 3 are independent. Spark could run all three stages in parallel. But we need CPU cores. How many cores do we need? It must be equal to the number of partitions. How many partitions do we have? We have 800+400+480 = 1680 partitions. If you have 1680 cores, you can run the first three stages in parallel. When you reach stage 4, you will require only 800 cores because you have only 800 partitions. Stage 5 cannot start until you finish stage 4. And stage five can also run 800 parallel tasks. The point is straight. You can run 1680 parallel tasks in the beginning. But later, you cannot run more than 800 parallel tasks. I am restricted to 800 parallel tasks for more than half of the execution plan. Right? So taking more than 800 cores does not give me much value. I think I can go for 800 cores. My executor comes with 5 CPU cores. So I can try for 160 executors. That's a lot of resources. Right? The best is to get 160 executors and achieve maximum parallelism. But If you cannot get 160, you can go for 80 executors or 40 executors. If I go for 40 executors, I can finish 160 executor work in four batches. Correct? You can even do it on 20 executors. It might take a little longer for your application to finish everything. But you can do it without any other problem. Make sense? That's how we plan our resources. But in real-life projects, we do not go with all these paperwork and calculations at once. We run our application in a QA environment for the first time with some assumptions. Then we collect data about the table sizes, partitions, and stages and try working on the optimal resource plan. We again run it with the configurations and see the results. Go on tuning it further. So it takes 3-4 runs in the QA environment to arrive at configurations that can give you predictable results in the production environment. And that's what we want. Right? Great! Let me summarize the final numbers for the SBDL project. So this is what I defined. The first three configurations are for the driver. The following five configurations are for the executor. The driver configurations must go in your Spark submit command. So let me open my project and update my spark-submit shell script. The spark.driver.cores configuration is given as --driver-cores. The spark.driver.memory is given as --driver-memory. The spark.driver.memoryOverhead goes o the --conf option. And that is all. I have four executor configurations. And I can keep them in my spark.conf file. Let me place it in the spark.conf QA section. The same can go to the PROD section also. Make sense? Great! That's all about estimating and configuring resources for your Spark application. See you again. Keep learning and Keep growing.