So now, let's talk about Amazon Rekognition. So, it's a service that allows you to find objects, people, texts, or scenes directly in images or videos, and it's using, of course, machine learning. So, you can do a facial analysis or a facial search if you want to do user verification or counting people in a photo. And you can create a database of familiar faces or compare any face you find against celebrities. So, the use cases for Amazon Rekognition would be labeling, content moderation, text detection, face detection analysis, such as understanding the gender, the age range, the emotions, face search and verification, celebrity recognition, and pathing, which is, for example, when you're doing sports game analysis, and you want to understand the path that the ball or a player took. So, here I am on the Amazon Rekognition website and if you scroll down, you can see the type of use cases and features there are. So, you have face liveness to see if someone is actual alive and is his real face using in the call, for example. Comparing faces and searching for faces. Detecting a face, and what are the attributes, for example, female, eyes are open, happy, smiling. Content moderation to have content that's going to be safe, for example, for children to watch and so on. Look at labels in pictures such as, for example here, the AWS DeepRacer logo. Detect some texts such as the numbers in a picture to find whose racer is where. Labeling again, what is a person, a rock, crest, outdoors, mountain bike, and so on. So, and detecting celebrity, for example here, Werner Vogels in this picture. So it's very, very broad and useful service, which allows to really analyze videos and images and to figure out a lot of attributes thanks to AI and machine learning. So, a feature that may appear in the exam is called Custom Labels for Amazon Rekognition. The idea is that you want to identify your own products or you want to find your own logo in social media posts or whatever. And for example, the NFL will use this service to find their own logos in pictures of Amazon Rekognition. In that case, what do we have to do to make it happen? Well, we label training images, we upload them to Amazon Rekognition, you need only a few hundred images or less, and Amazon Rekognition is going to create a custom model based on your images and is going to be able to recognize what your logo looks like, what your products look like, et cetera, et cetera. And so, therefore, new images that will be analyzed by this Custom Labels feature will be analyzed also for whatever you're looking for. So, it could be your logo or something else. So, the process is very simple. You label images and you store them in Amazon S3, so that could be a bunch of images with your logo on it or your products, and then you're going to train Amazon Rekognition to create Custom Labels. And so, whenever a user, for example, is posting something on social media and you analyze this picture, very quickly, thanks to Amazon Rekognition, you'll be able to say that yes, your logo is appearing in that picture and that could be beneficial for your brand. The other thing you have is content moderation. So, here the idea is that you want to automatically detect inappropriate, unwanted, or offensive content. So it could be very handy, for example, for your own social media page to filter out harmful media images or figure out if advertising is wrong, et cetera, et cetera. And the content moderation on Rekognition is very good because you bring down the number of human review to about 1 to 5% of the content volume, which is good because, well, you don't want to review all the things that have been flagged. You want to automate part of it, but sometimes AI is still not as good as humans. And if you need a human review, there's another service called Amazon Augmented AI or Amazon A2I that can be used for human review. And that's just for the basic, out-of-the-box content moderation, but it's possible for you to also create a custom moderation adapter. And here, you're going to extend Rekognition capability by providing your own labeled set of images, and you're going to define what you want to moderate in or out. And it could be to either enhance the accuracy of content moderation or if you have a specific use case of moderation. So, how does it work? Well, you label your images again and you train a Rekognition Custom Moderation Adapter. And whenever images arrive for moderation, either they pass or fail the moderation. But if Rekognition has a doubt, then 1 to 5%, for example, can be sent for human review, and then you can use Amazon Augmented AI to make a final decision on these images. And actually, the result of that assessment can be fed back into the training of Rekognition, which is very handy. So, here is an example of how you can use Rekognition Content Moderation API. So, say for example, you've developed an application and it's a chatbot, and this chatbot is able to generate images. So, the users say, "Hey, please generate an image for this." Then, the chatbot will generate the image, but you don't know if that image is going to be safe to return to the user just yet. So, you may use Amazon Rekognition and you send the image with the DetectModerationLabels API and Amazon Rekognition is going to have a look and create labels for your image. And if the labels are clear of any unsafe or harmful type of content, then your chatbot may say, "Okay, it's okay to return this to the user," and the user will receive back your image. So, it's a very simple way how you can use the Content Moderation API from Rekognition to implement safety in your applications. So, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.