Okay, so let's have a look at Amazon Lex, just to get an understanding of how it works. So you can create a bot. And you can see that you have two methods. You have the traditional, or the generative AI bots. And here, this is where you're going to say what you want the bot to do. And then automatically it is going to be generated thanks to gen AI. The traditional way is to create a blank bot, or to start with an example, or to start with transcripts. Honestly, they're pretty similar. Obviously, this one is a bit more advanced. I need to have Amazon Bedrock set up in order to use this feature. But what I'm going to do right now and to use Anthropic V2 model. But what I'm going to do right now instead is going to use the traditional method and start with an example. And we can start, for example, with a BookTrip type of bot, which is going to allow us to book a hotel trip automatically. So this is a sample conversation. So bot name is DemoBookTrip, because we just wanna see the configurations. So we're going to create a role with basic Amazon Lex permissions. "Is use of your bot subject to the Children's Act?" No. And then we're going to click on Next. So we're going to configure the bot and we need to add languages. So we'll just have English right now. And for voice, we'll have Danielle talk to us. So, perfect, let's click on Done. And now our bot is being configured. So here we are in the builder of Amazon Lex, and we have what's called "intent." So let's leave this. And we have what's called three "intents." So our bot has a lot of things you can see on the left-hand side. I'll try to keep it as easy as possible because we don't wanna go too deep. But three intents. And the intent is what is the bot's intention, what can the user want to perform? So the user may want to book a hotel, they may want to book a car, but if they can't do any of these things, we'll have a default intent when no other intent matches maybe to indicate the user what the bot can and cannot do. So, cool, with this bot we can do two things, booking hotels or cars. Let's click on BookHotel. And we have a look at the conversation flow. So this is a simple conversation one can have with the bot. So here we have a simple utterance. An "utterance" is a way to say, well, if we say "book a hotel," then most likely the bot is going to say that we want to book a hotel. So this is an utterance. And then there is acknowledgement intent. And then we have questions. So we know we want to book a hotel, okay, but we need information. So, "What city will you be staying in?" And then we have the city. And then, "What day do you want to check in?" The date. And we can basically edit the bots to say, "Okay, I don't understand you," or, "Okay, I got you." And we can program how the bot reacts. So you can have a look at all the information here. We can add context. We can say, okay, what type of sample utterances could it be that will invoke this flow? So book a hotel, or I want to make hotel reservations, or book X number of nights in this location. And you can see here the number of nights and the location are slots, they're parameters for our booking system. So the slots right here, as you can see, we have four of them. They're like the inputs so that the bot can actually book a hotel. So we have the location, the check-in date, number of nights, and room type. And then when we're good, we say, "Okay, we confirm the intent." And here we can fulfill it. So it's not active because we don't have a Lambda function. But if we had a Lambda function to actually book this, then the bots will send all these slots, all these parameters, to the Lambda function. And then thanks to all these parameters, the Lambda function can then do a booking. So this is quite handy. And you can see, the bot can be fully configured from here, which is very handy. You also have a visual builder, and it looks like this. So what is the start, then the code hook. Then, to find the slot values, such as the location, let me zoom in a little bit so you see, the location, the check-in date, the nights, and what happens on success, on failure, and so on. And the confirmation. So you can visually see the start, the end of your conversation, what gets invoked, so what Lambda function gets invoked and so on. And this could be another way of defining the same thing we had on the left-hand side, but this time more visually. So as you can see, the builder is very powerful. You can have as many intents as you want, and then actions, and then utterances, and so on. And so, from an exam perspective, Amazon Lex is going to be used to build chatbots and conversational AI, and to configure them, all of them, in a one-stop shop. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.