So now let's talk about Amazon EC2. So Amazon EC2 is actually one of the most popular of offerings from AWS. And it means Elastic Compute Cloud. This is where you get your servers your infrastructure as a service. So normally in an AWS course we talk a lot about Amazon EC2. But from an AI perspective, Amazon EC2 is not as relevant because we use a lot of managed services on AWS to perform. I still I want to give you an overview of Amazon EC2 and an aspect of it that can come up in the exam. So Amazon EC2 is basically renting virtual machines or servers in the cloud, but you can also attach disk space to these servers. So you have what's called EBS drives. And you don't need to remember all the terminology here. I just want to give you the overview. And I will tell you at the end of this lecture what is important. But you can start you can attach virtual drives, their EBS drives, you can distribute traffic to your Amazon EC2 instances through what's called load balancers ELB. Then you can scale the service automatically using Auto Scaling Groups ASG. And if you want to go deep into Amazon EC2, take any other AWS courses from me and I promise you you will see it at length. So. But knowing how EC2 works is really fundamental to understanding how the cloud works. So once you have your virtual server, then you can configure the operating system. You can have Linux, windows or Mac OS. You can define how much compute and cores you want, the CPU, how much random access memory you want Ram, and how much storage space. So it could be network attached, or it could be hardware and so on. So as you can see, you're pretty much if I want to to simplify it as much as possible, you're pretty much creating a virtual computer on which you define what you want on it and how powerful you want it to be. You can also define how fast you want the network to be on your server. If you want a public IP, and if you're exposing the server, of course you can have firewall rules that are called security groups. Finally, to configure your virtual server at launch, you can use something called the EC2 userdata. So I know it's a lot of information I just dumped on you. You don't need to remember any of it. I just want to give you an overview. It's basically a virtual server that you have in the cloud that you can configure it on so many levels. But now let's talk about AI and how it's related to Amazon EC2. So when you create an Amazon EC2 instance, you have to select what's called an instance type, and there are some EC2 instances that are going to be based on GPU. So GPU is graphical processing unit. And remember they're the very good processors that allow you to perform machine learning. And so you have called like EC2 families, for example, the P family or the G family that have very good GPUs. And of course there may be desirable from an AI perspective. So if you take an EC2 instance of type P3, P4, P5 or G3 and so on, just get on the table G6, then of course you're going to have good GPUs and they're great for machine learning. But AWS went one level further and they created something called AWS Trainium. And they are machine learning chips that are used to actually perform deep learning on big models. We're talking about 100 billion plus parameters. So the Trn1 instance. So it's an EC2 instance of type Trn1 for example we'll have 16 Trainium accelerators. And so when you start training models directly on these virtual servers, you're going to get a 50% cost reduction Production as advertised by AWS. So you would use these servers to train the models if you don't want to use SageMaker, for example. Or you can also use these servers to serve the models. And so for this you would use AWS inferentia. And this is a machine learning chip built again by AWS. And it's going to give you inference at very high performance and low cost. So we have Inf1 or Inf2 instances for EC2. And they're going to be powered by AWS inferentia. And the idea is that if you use these chips, you're going to get up to four times the throughput you would get on a normal GPU based instance and up to 70% cost reduction. So something that can also appear in the exam is that the Trainium and inferentia instances have the lowest environmental footprint. That's because they are the most efficient. So from an exam perspective, remember that EC2 instances are virtual servers and they can be of different types. You have GPU based types and you have also the ones based on AWS Trainium and AWS inferentia. And that's it. You'll be good to go. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.