Okay, so let's go ahead and practice using Amazon Q Business. So we're going to click on Amazon Q Business. Get started. And you may have a warning about a region. So choose the region that works for you. For example, if I choose Frankfurt, you see it's not going to work. So I need to choose, for example, Ireland. So we're going to create a generative application that's going to use our internal knowledge base. So let's create this application and it's going to be named Q Business Demo. And here for user access, to keep things very simple, we're going to use anonymous access. This removes a lot of the setup around users. So please follow me with this. Actually for this hands-on, please do not follow me. Please, please, please do not do what I do. The hands-on is valid and shows you how to use Amazon Q, but I realize after recording it that the consumption pricing for doing anonymous use cases is $200 per month and you get charged right away for this. So if you wanted to be charged less, you would need to use Amazon Q Business Light or Q Business Pro. But this includes user access functionality, and it's very difficult to set this up. That's why I wanted to keep the video simple and doing anonymous access. So for anonymous access, end users have the same functionality; it's just the other methods are more difficult to set up. So I do anonymous. Don't do anonymous or don't follow along. Just watching the video is enough, trust me, to understand the capability of Amazon Q Business. But please, if you follow along, be ready to pay $200 for a month. So this was painful for me. Okay, I've warned you enough. Now let's go back to the video. Obviously, this is not good for production access, but for a demo, this is perfect. And then we're going to just create this application right here. And now my application is created. So let's preview the web experience right here. Actually, I click on it and I'm going to have access to the Q Business chat. So here's a chat and I'm in guest mode, and I say, "What is the World Wide Web?" And as you can see right now, it says, "Well, please ask your IT admin to add data sources." So we don't have any data source, so let's add one. So on the left-hand side, let's click on Data sources, and we're going to add an index and then connect data sources, and then we're going to be good to go. So no index has been added to this application. Let's add an index. So an index costs you some money, but we'll use a starter type of index. Good for proof of concept, development, and testing. And for a number of units is how many documents we can have in our data source. We'll just choose one, which is the lowest amount of units, which is 20,000 documents or 200 megabytes, whichever comes first, which is enough. So let's create this index. And now this can take some time, approximately 20 minutes to complete. Still, let's scroll down and learn more about the options. So now we need to add a data source. So let's click on Add data source and we can have a look at the different options that we have access to. So this is where Amazon Q Business is going to base its knowledge upon. So the most popular is Amazon S3, and that's the one we're going to be using. But you have different options. So you have Asana, Box, Dropbox, GitHub, Google Drive, Google Calendar. I mean, a lot of where the information lives in your enterprise can be used actually to be a source of information for Amazon Q Business. So if you have all your information on SharePoint, you may want to set up SharePoint as a source, but we'll keep it simple. And for now, we'll use Amazon S3. So we click on it and I'll call it My S3 Knowledge Base. I scroll down. We need to select an IAM role, so we'll use a new service role, recommended, and it's going to be automatically configured. Perfect. Now the sync scope. So where is our S3 bucket where the data is stored? So we're going to browse Amazon S3, and currently we have none. So let's go into Amazon S3, and I'm going to create a knowledge base bucket like this one, but this time not in us-east-1. I will select it in eu-west-1, which is where I am right now. So let's create a bucket and I'll name it this one, eu-west-1. The rest is the same. I will create this bucket and it's going to be created in the proper region now in Ireland. This is perfect. And for the files, I'm just going to have in my bucket the exact same file as before. So let me download this Evolution of the Internet file. Perfect. And I'm going to just upload it back in this bucket. So we're going to upload it. So now I've selected my file and then I click on Upload. All right, so we're good to go. So now in this bucket right here, we have this Evolution of the Internet Detailed PDF. Let's go here and we're going to refresh the sync scope, select my bucket, this one, choose it. Maximum single file size 50 megabytes is good. We're not going to touch any of these advanced options. We'll select a full sync and the schedule of the full sync is going to be on demand. This is just so we can have a sync now button and get started. But obviously, in production, you may want to have only a sync for new, modified, or deleted content, and you may want to have it, for example, run on an hourly basis. So by the way, my index is now created, so we're good with this tutorial. So let's go ahead. We are going to click on Add data source and it says that because we are enabling anonymous access for Q Business Demo, so no users, we can access data sources without authentication and so therefore Amazon S3 will be publicly accessible. This is fine for this demo tutorial. Obviously, this is not a production setup, it's just to show you the capability of Amazon Q Business. So my data source is now created and I'm going to close all these popups and you can just click on Sync now to synchronize whatever is in your S3 bucket to your index. This can take a few minutes to a few hours. It's going to take less time, I think, because we only have one document, but everything that belongs in our S3 bucket, so all the knowledge base, is going to be synced into the index, and that index can be then leveraged by our data source. So let's wait for the sync to be happening. Okay, so it took a little bit of time, but here we are. We have one item being scanned and it's been indexed. And so therefore, what's going to happen now is that if I go back to Amazon Q Business and ask it, "What is the World Wide Web?" hopefully we're going to get a better answer. And we get better information. So it's been invented by this guy, Tim Berners-Lee, in 1989, and we have the sources that are linked directly to the PDF in my demo bucket with the specific passage where this was actually quoted from. So this is super nice. So we have the events, the sources, and so on. The events tell you what happened during the queries and for the response to happen. The sources tell you which documents were used. And then you can also give some feedback around good response, bad response, or even copy the response. But if you ask it, for example, "Give me a recipe for chili?" well, it says, "Well, listen, I have found no answer based on your knowledge base." So right now, Amazon Q Business is set up to only give me answers based on my data sources. You can change it if you wanted to with this here around admin controls and guardrails. So here, instead of allowing Amazon Q to fall back to LLM knowledge off, if you set this to on, and actually I cannot do this right now because I don't have access to this option, but if you set this to on, probably if you have a user activated, like, then you can fall back to LLM knowledge. But this may not be desirable. You may only want to have answers based on your internal knowledge. Also here you have controls for topic-specific controls. So you can set up some guardrails around some things you may not want to see answered by Amazon Q, but that gives you the idea. You can add as many data sources as you want, pretty much around 50 data sources per application, configure them, and get this AI-powered internal knowledge base internally in your company. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture. And don't forget actually to delete your application because there is an ongoing cost to having an index. All right, so that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you now in the next lecture.