So now, let's talk about Amazon Q Developer. So, Amazon Q Developer is a service that has two sides, and the first one is about answering question about AWS documentation and how to select an AWS service. It can also answer questions about the resources in your AWS accounts. So for example, we as developers say, "Hey, list all of my Lambda function." And Lambda is a service in AWS. And we may have created many Lambda functions, but we don't know what they are or where they are. And so, Amazon Q developer will say, "Hey, yes. You have five AWS Lambda resources in the region us-east-1 and here are the names of them." So, this is pretty cool because now we can talk to our AWS accounts using natural language. On top of it, it can suggest CLI. So, Command Line Interface commands to run and make changes to your accounts. And it can also analyze your AWS bill, also resolve errors and do troubleshooting. And I'm pretty sure it's going to become more and more powerful over time. So, here's an example. We have Amazon Q and we say, "Change the timeout of a Lambda function. Test API1 in the Singapore region to 10 seconds." And right now Amazon Q cannot do this for us, but what it can do is set up a command for us. So this is the command is going to create. And then we can run this command to actually change the timeout, which is pretty cool because this is a step that we don't have to figure out. The command is going to be perfectly executed when we run it. Also, for example, we can ask Amazon Q, "What were the top three highest cost services in Q1 from my accounts?" And then automatically it's going to say, "Well, you had Amazon SageMaker, you had Amazon Elastic Container Service and AWS Config" and give us a cost analysis. And this is pretty cool because, well, this type of data analysis would maybe take us a little bit of time, but Amazon Q is doing it for us by using the own data of our AWS accounts. The other side of Amazon Q Developer is an AI code companion. So, very different. But the idea is that you can code new applications similarly to GitHub Copilot, and it's specialized of course for AWS-based developments. So for example, we say, "Write me Python code to list all the files in a given Amazon S3 bucket." And then it will accept one parameter name_bucketname and return a list of files in that S3 buckets. And so, here we have the Python code generated by Amazon Q Developer that fits this purpose. Now, Amazon Q Developer supports many languages such as Java, JavaScript, Python, TypeScript, and C#. And of course is going to add more languages over time in terms of support. So on top of it, it can give you real time code suggestions while you code in your code editor and security scan. And there's even a software agent from Amazon Q that is going to be used to implement features or generate documentation in your code, or bootstrapping new projects. That means creating the base files for new projects for you to get started. So this part of the coding assistant, the AI Code Assistant works with several IDE. So, IDE is an Integrated Development Environment. So, it's a software used to create code. And we have multiple popular ones such as Visual Studio Code, visual Studio, or JetBrains. And on top of it, you can answer questions about AWS development, do code completion and code generation, scan your code for security vulnerabilities, and do debugging optimizations and improvements. So the idea is that using Amazon Q Developer, you can really enhance the way you write code. And this is a very popular thing right now in the AI space to get code companion. So you have GitHub Copilot, which I think is the most popular one, but we also have Amazon Q developer. Very helpful when you want to do specialized things on AWS. So, that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.