So now let's have a look at Amazon Q and Amazon Q Developer, which to me are similar, but depends how their named. So let's look into Amazon Q first of all. It says, Q Developer is to build applications faster and spend less time solving software development problems. So this is the coding assistant on AWS, and I'm not going to code stuff for you, but there's a pricing page right here you can look at. So it's an AI coding assistant. And we have the Amazon Q Developer Free Tier, and then we have the Pro Tier, which is about $20 per month per user. And here we're going get some advanced features of course, and higher limits. So it's up to you to try it out if you wanted to, if your organization should implement it or not internally. From a practice purposes, we don't really have anything I can show you right now regarding Amazon Q Developer, but find some YouTube videos that show you how they can improve your coding skills if you're interested in this. But from an exam perspective, you know that it's a coding assistant. The other way we can use Amazon Q, so let's just type Amazon Q in here, is going to be around helping us deal with our infrastructure. So we have different bundles that we can use. So we have Amazon Q and we connected it already to IAM Identity Center. So we saw Amazon Q Business Lite and Amazon Q Business Pro when we were doing Amazon Q Business. We have Amazon Q Developer Pro, that's what I'll show you. So here we can manage our entire subscriptions of Amazon Q directly from this UI, and set the settings if you wanted to, but right now we can't change them. But more importantly, I wanna show you here the little button, which is Amazon Q, and it's considered to be Amazon Q Developer based on where you look at in the documentation. So it says, "Hello, I'm Amazon Q, and I'm your AWS generative assistant." And it says it should be able to access cross-region data. And I say, yes, please continue, because this is quite important. So now we have Amazon Q in this little window, and it's accessible from many different places in AWS, which I find really, really nice. And so we can do a conversation with it, and we have some suggestions. One of them is, for example, list my S3 buckets. So I click on it, and it's going to actually look in my account and list my S3 buckets. So remember, we created one bucket before, so Amazon Q should be able to find this bucket for us, and here it is. So we have one S3 bucket, one of them is called my-demo-bucket-knowledge-base-stefane. And we can click on it and directly go in it. So it's very nice, because now we are starting to have a gen AI assistant that is customized and knows what is going on in your AWS accounts. And over time it's going to be more and more developed and more and more featured. But I'm going to ask something else. So please send me the CLI code to create an S3 bucket in the us-east-1 region with the name stefane-demo-amazon-q. And so here we're asking Amazon Q to suggest a command for us to actually create an S3 bucket. So before we saw how to create an entry bucket by going into Buckets, and then click on Create bucket. But now I wanna show you another way. So this is called a CLI. So command line interface. And we run this and we should be able to create an S3 bucket. Now where to run it? Well, we can run it in what's called the CloudShell. So this button right here is CloudShell. I'm going to just open it. The first time you open it, it can take a little bit of time to create the environment and be ready. But here we go. This was much faster than before actually. And let's just paste the command we have right here from Amazon Q, and press Enter. And now the bucket has been created. How do we verify this? Well, two options. Number one, let's see if Amazon Q is actually fast. I'm going to ask it again, list my S3 bucket again, and now it's going to look up hopefully and find another S3 bucket. And also we can go, right now, I can show you, we can go directly into Amazon S3 and find that yes, a stefane-demo-amazon-q bucket was created for us. But let's verify. And in here, yes, that was awesome. So Amazon Q, using the gen AI capabilities, found that now we have two buckets in our accounts. And again, I can always say, suggest a command to delete the S3 buckets. And then we give the name again right here, and then it is going to generate a command line interface for us. So here we go. Ah, this is related to, so you see, you have restrictions as well on Amazon Q. So sometimes if it's related to security or compliance, they're sensitive and so therefore, there's no answer generated. But because maybe I didn't ask it correctly. So generate the CLI command that I can use to delete the S3 buckets, stefane-demo-amazon-q, and hopefully this is going to work. So Amazon Q right now has the capability to list things. Maybe later you, it will have some capability to delete things and create things, but this, over time, is going to get better. But hopefully you get the idea. So now if I just press my command right here, now the bucket has been removed, and I can verify this by going into Amazon S3, refreshing, and now I only see one bucket. So this is the power of Amazon Q. You can also ask it about your bill, so it can analyze your bill and help you understand how it's working. So if you have any kind of cost being incurred into your course, this would be a good place to ask and say, can you explain to me my current AWS charges? And right now I don't have any charges, because this is a new account. So maybe the answer is not gonna be any good. But in one month from now, if you're starting to see any cost data, as you can see, yes, we don't have anything right now, but later on we will have some answers from Amazon Q. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.