All right. Welcome to this next section where we are going to introduce storage tiers for Amazon S3. Now, when you think about S3, you probably immediately thinking about how we're going to store all of our data and of course, retrieve all of our data. But what you may not think about is that from an Amazon S3 perspective, one tier doesn't necessarily fit them all. And so different users in our organization or throughout different organizations may have different needs for Amazon S3. Imagine, if you will, a large wardrobe in your closet. We have different sections for our different types of clothing. We have winter clothes, we have summer clothes, former attire, etcetera. And each of those are selected based upon the current weather condition or our need. Now, when it comes to users and or organizations that need to store data in S3, well, we're also going to have vastly different use cases. Now, you might have, for example, a user on the left that needs long term storage of data. Just to meet compliance laws and regulations. But they will rarely, if ever, actually retrieve or read those files. That's one specific use case. Then you might have a use case. That's quite the opposite of that one. With our user on the right here that needs immediate access to our data for our database. And then of course, here in the middle we have a user that stores large video files, maybe movies or TV shows, something like that. And we need to distribute them quickly around the world for streaming services. Now all of these use cases are quite different here, and each one of them would benefit from different features or speed to access. While I'm sure all of them would be concerned by minimizing costs as well. So that's really the benefit we get from using Amazon S3 and all this different storage classes that Amazon S3 is going to provide us. So to meet the needs of those users, Amazon S3 is going to offer us distinct storage classes. And each one of these storage classes is designed for a unique set of needs that's going to cater to different applications and use cases. Now you'll have tiers in Amazon S3 for things like frequently accessed data, and maybe it's here that supports data with unknown or changing access patterns and even tiers that are better suited for long term backup and archival data. Now each one of these tiers is going to be purpose built for different types of access patterns and cost constraints for us. So, for example, if you need to access your data very frequently, S3 is going to offer us a tier for things like high durability availability and performance object storage for that frequently access data. But what if you're looking for a more economical option for storing infrequently accessed data, maybe some backup storage or things for compliance or logs or those kind of things. Amazon S3 also offers storage classes for this long term data that are more cost effective solutions. So in short, Amazon S3 is not just about providing space for your data uploading data. It's about offering a solution that fits like a glove fitting perfectly with your unique data storage needs and your budget considerations. Now let's talk about storage classes. But more in a general sense, without getting into the specifics yet. Now, when referred to storage classes, we're talking about distinct categories or tiers within a data storage system. And each one of these are going to be designed to meet specific needs concerning performance, availability and durability. So imagine if all the data in the world was treated the same, regardless of how frequently it's accessed or how crucial it is for operations. Well, that would really be very inefficient and quite frankly, a waste of resources. So that's where storage classes come in. They provide the right environment for a data based upon our specific requirements. Now, whether you need high speed access to your data for things like real time processing or just durability for things like crucial backups, there's a storage class designed to meet all those specific needs. Now let's also consider another vital aspect of storage classes retrieval speeds and costs. Just like if you're shipping a package, express delivery costs more than standard shipping because it's faster in terms of S3, Different storage classes offer varying retrieval speeds at different costs. Some storage classes in S3 are going to be designed for data that needs to be accessed instantly, which typically incurs a little bit higher cost. Other storage classes are going to cater to data that isn't accessed frequently, and hence the retrieval may take a little bit longer, but it's at a lower cost for your organization. So it's all about striking the right balance between speed, cost and your specific requirements when you are choosing a storage class in S3. So what we're going to do is in our following slides, we're going to dive deeper into the specific storage classes and how they're going to cater to those varying needs. But first, before we dive into the specifics, it's important to clarify one fundamental aspect. Storage classes are defined at the object level and not the bucket level. So this concept may seem a little bit trivial, but it's actually quite significant. So to provide a little bit of context in Amazon, S3 data is going to be stored as objects within the buckets that we talked about already. We have our buckets that we create and we give it a name and we choose a region and of course we start uploading our files into those buckets and each one of those files become an object. Now you might kind of think that you have to assign one storage class to the entire bucket, right? Well, that's not exactly true. In reality, each individual object inside of a bucket can actually be assigned its own storage class. So again, storage classes are assigned per object and not the entire bucket. So this means that you can have a bucket that contains multiple objects and, well, most buckets do. But each one of those objects could live in a different storage class. It all depends on the needs of those individual objects and not necessarily the bucket as a whole. So this flexibility in Amazon, S3 allows us to optimize each object storage based upon its unique access pattern and its life cycle, which ultimately leads to more efficient use of resources and potential cost savings. We all want to use this service and let's be honest, we all want to pay as little as possible to use this service. So now with this understanding, let's move over to introduce the specific storage classes that are offered by Amazon S3 So we've got our storage classes listed on the screen here, and you can see immediately, well, it seems like a lot. There are seven different storage classes that are available in Amazon S3 today. And actually there's another storage class which isn't listed on here, but it's kind of being deprecated, so we're not really going to talk about it. You do have the option to select what's called reduced redundancy, but we're not going to talk about it because that's old. Amazon's getting rid of that in favor of some of the newer storage classes. So let's quickly just touch on each one of these. We're going to dive deep into every single storage class in this course because, well, it is an Amazon S3 deep dive course. So we've got our S3 standard storage class. That is our standard class. If you upload objects to a bucket and you don't choose a class, well, you're going to get S3 Standard. And at the same time, S3 standard is the most performance class of them all. So if you do need high performance and you don't really care about storage classes, maybe your data is not going to persist very long. You can just throw it on S3 standard. Now you have S3 standard IA. Now IA stands for infrequently accessed, so you do get a cheaper rate by storing it in infrequently accessed, but you may have to pay to retrieve that data. You also have S3 Intelligent-tiering. We'll touch on that one in a minute. We have S3 one Zone iAa, so we talked about in the introduction of this course that by default whenever you upload objects to Amazon. S3. Amazon is going to replicate that data across three availability zones at a minimum. Well, what one zone IA is, is well, the one zone should give it away. It's only going to put it in one availability zone versus replicating that data across three availability zones. It's also focused on infrequently accessed data. Just by looking at the name, you could probably tell it's probably cheaper because now we're only replicating across devices within a single availability zone and it's focused on infrequently accessed data. Now at the bottom we have our three options for what's called S3 Glacier. So we have instant retrieval, we have flexible retrieval, and we have what's called deep archive. Now, S3 Glacier overall is designed for very long term archival of data. So if you have logs, if you've got legal documents, things that your organization or regulatory compliance just say, you know what, you've got to keep these around for seven years just because, well, that's just the regulations, but it's data that you don't really care about. You can go ahead and stick that in Glacier and you can store that in an incredibly cheap rate. Now, depending on your data, maybe if you think, okay, we may access this or it's a legal hold. So ultimately it will be accessed. We want it right away and you have the option to choose which class depending on the access patterns of that data. So you have instant retrieval, which is exactly what it sounds like. If you need that data, you can get it instantly. You have flexible retrieval that allows you to get your data from like ten minutes all the way up to two hours, depending on the retrieval type that you select. And of course you have deep archive, which means like this is going to be data that we're going to store away for a long time and we're probably not going to use. And again, deep archive is the cheapest across all of our storage classes as well. It's incredibly cheap. But again, we'll talk about all these individual tiers in this section.