All right. So the first S3 storage class that we're going to talk about is our standard tier. Now started talking about standard tier earlier, but it's our general purpose storage for frequently accessed data. This is going to be the highest throughput option that we have in S3. It provides low latency to our data and high throughput to our data. Now this is going to be backed by our SLA for availability. So 99.99% uptime. Again, that's not durability. Durability across the board is going to be our 11 nines. But availability may change throughout our tiers. Again, standard tier is going to be our four nines of availability, and standard tier is really ideal for workloads that need immediate access and higher performance. So if that's your use case on Amazon, S3 is to upload a bunch of objects and then you want to access them frequently, or you have applications that need to access them frequently with low latency, then this is the tier that you're going to want to choose. So let's talk about how data is written. So we already talked about that. When objects are uploaded to Amazon, S3 data is written to multiple devices across a minimum of three availability zones in the S3 region that you choose. So if we look at our graphic here, we have our region, us East one, US two. It doesn't matter where it is, whatever region that you choose to store your data probably going to be closest to you, probably going to be closest to your applications that are going to consume this data. Then, of course, inside of a region, we have our three different availability zones in this example. So when we write our data, so the circle here, Amazon is actually going to write that data to three different availability zones before it actually returns a success. Back to you. So when you upload data, ultimately you're going to get an Http code of 200. That means success. We've written the data. When you get that Http 200 code, that means Amazon has already successfully written that data to three different availability zones and potentially multiple devices within that availability zone. So that's how data is written inside of our standard tier here. So again, standard tier, the default storage class, and it's suitable for most workloads. Objects placed in S3 are going to be automatically placed on S3. Standard. Again, I mentioned that as you're uploading objects, if you do not choose a specific storage class, you're going to get the standard tier. And again, standard tier probably works for most people. So if you don't care about costs or you're not necessarily storing the data for very long, you could probably just use the storage tier and you'll be fine. So what are the ideal files for our standard tier? Well, things like website assets, right? Things that are going to be distributed maybe with CloudFront or some other CDN, maybe video files, data for big data analytics. Again, we're thinking data that needs to be accessed very quickly, very frequently with low latency. We can use standard tier two, right? Application data gaming apps. Image files. Again, think about files that are going to be access frequently need high throughput with low latency. That's where standard tier really comes into play.