So we've got a question here. What if I don't know how often I'll actually access my data? If you don't know how often you'll access your data when you're using S3? Well, it's best to choose a storage class that can offer you a balance between your cost and your access frequency. However, if you think the frequency of the access will change, well then you can use the special tier called S3 Intelligent-tiering. Now I'm kind of introducing Intelligent-tiering before we've talked about other classes because it actually consumes our standard tier with other tiers as well. And what I mean by that is Intelligent-tiering is a special storage class that can automatically move your data based upon your access frequency. So if you frequently accessing your data for one month and then the next couple of months, maybe you're not accessing it all, that's a perfect use case for Intelligent-tiering where it can automatically move it up a tier if you're accessing it very frequently. So it's available for high throughput, low latency, all those good things. But after you stop using it, Intelligent-tiering can automatically move that to other tiers that are more cost effective for you. So again, this intelligent-tiering is ideal for unknown or changing access patterns for your objects. Really, the idea behind Intelligent-tiering is to help you reduce your storage costs. Again, we can just stick all this stuff into S3 standard and it'll work perfectly fine. But what if we want to move it down a tier so we can save on a little bit of costs? Well, that's where Intelligent-tiering is really going to come in handy for you. Now, the cool thing is with Intelligent-tiering, there's no retrieval charges. And again, just like everything else, it's backed by the 11 nines of durability for Amazon S3. So let's take a little bit closer look here inside of our Intelligent-tiering storage class. We actually have different tiers inside that. So we've got our frequent access tier, we have our infrequent access tier, we have our archive access tier, and we have our deep freeze access tier. There are four different tiers inside of Intelligent-tiering. And if you look at the icons and you'll probably see that throughout the slides, they're actually just consuming the other storage classes that we're going to talk about. So Frequent Access Tier is really just S3 standard that we've already talked about. If you're going to access your data quite a bit, the data is going to be moved onto S3 standard. If you stop using it, we're going to move it into lower tiers. And depending on how long it's been since you've accessed your data, we're going to continue moving it between tiers to save you more and more money. So it's pretty cool. However, once you do access that data, Amazon S3 is going to go ahead and move that back over to Amazon S3 Standard Class, so you can use that and it's much faster access for you. So let's take a look at an example of when we might use Intelligent-tiering. Well, this example, what I'm going to do is we're going to think about an airline flight. So maybe we work for an airline and maybe the back office. We're like, You know what? We're going to start doing some schedule planning. When are our planes going to take off? When are they going to land? What services are we going to provide? As we start creating that data? That data may live in our frequent access. Now we want to fly from this airport. No, we want to use this type of plane or we want to offer this class of service. We're using this data. We're modifying this data quite a bit. Now, whenever the schedule is released, maybe they release it a year ahead and our data kind of moves into infrequent access. Every once in a while, somebody may book a flight a year out in advance, but not very often. So we may move that data to infrequent access. Okay, people aren't using it as much, but we can still move it to frequent access if we need to. All right. So as we get closer and closer to flight departure, the data may move back to frequent access. We have more and more people booking the flight. Maybe we have people canceling the flight, changing flights, upgrades, class, adding friends or family members to their ticket, and then their you know, they're checking in, they're going to the airport, checking luggage, all that good stuff. We're using that data quite a bit so we can move that data to frequent access. So again, we get high throughput, low latency access to that data as we need that data more and more. So after our flight departure, of course, we have our flight arrival and when our flight arrives, maybe we still continue to maintain that data into frequent access. Maybe people are checking in on their loyalty programs to see how many points they got for that flight. Maybe friends and family members are checking on the status of that flight. Hey, did it land? And can I go pick up my family members or friends from the airport? Again, that data is being accessed frequently, so we're going to maintain that inside of frequent access. Now, as we continue to move on, people care less and less about that flight after it's landed safely and everyone's gotten off the plane, maybe after. Porting has been completed from our airline. We can move that data into our archive access. We've pulled the data into our reports. We said, Hey, that was a profitable flight. We had X amount of seats filled, blah blah, blah. But now we don't necessarily care about that data that much because it's already been pulled into a report and that flight has departed and arrived. We've done our reporting. We don't really care and we're not going to use that data very often so we can go ahead and move that into our archive access. So as we moved from frequent access over to infrequent access, and then even further down on the right, when we go to archive access, the data is still the data. It's exact same data, but we just move it to different tiers in order to save on costs. And we do that by the access patterns. So the less and less we use our data, we're going to move it further down to the right down tiers so we can save on costs. So let's talk about ideal files for Intelligent-tiering here. Maybe user generated data. Again, frequent access when it's first created, maybe there's a game going on or something like that. And then after that, maybe we report on a high score or we add that score to your profile and then we really don't care about it that much. So it's going to move on down to that archive tier. Data lakes, log files again, any unknown data or changing access patterns. So again, think about things that are accessed more frequently initially, but then less frequently over time. But if for some reason we need to pull that data back over and access it frequently again, Intelligent-tiering can do that for us. So that's intelligent-tiering.