Moving on to S3 one zone, infrequent access, very similar to what we just talked about. But the big difference is that S3 is only going to store your data in a single availability zone, hence the name S3 one zone. Now one zone is going to provide a lower cost storage option. It's cheaper than S3 Standard. It's even cheaper than S3 standard infrequently access. Now it's really suitable for data that's infrequently accessed again, hence the name. But it's really focused on data that can be recreated if it's lost. Again, our data is only written to a single availability zone, so if something were to happen to that availability zone where your data is stored, well, your data is gone. And so you have to think about, okay, now our data is not written across all these availability zones and all that kind of stuff for redundancy. It's only on a single availability zone. Now I get a much cheaper price, 20% less than standard, i.e. that we just talked about. But there is risk associated there where now your data is only in a single AZ one zone. iAa does offer the same low latency and high throughput performance as the other storage classes that we've talked about thus far. But again, you get a cheaper rate, but you introduce risk since it's only written to a single availability zone. So again, similar to our other pictures, you can kind of see if I do write data to my bucket, well, it's only written to that one availability zone. It's not replicated across other Azs, less resilient to AZ failures. If the zone storing the data, experiencing an outage or is destroyed, your data may be lost. Now we'll talk about other features throughout this course where you can maybe still use this and replicate it somewhere else so you do have a copy of it somewhere. But inside of this one region, if you use one zone IA, it's only written to that one availability zone. So what are the ideal files for one zone iAa Things like secondary backup files, not your primary, but a secondary copy of that. Maybe older application data infrequently access data sets for big data analytics and maybe copies of archival data or older documents or things like that. Again, things that can be recreated because, well, you're storing them somewhere else. Notice that all these say like a secondary copy or a copy of something, so you can recreate this data from somewhere else if it's lost here. But this gives you the ability to create a secondary copy that is much cheaper to store.