So here's just a quick summary of all of our storage classes that we just talked about. Got them all listed here in a very quick summary for each one. Again, S3 Standard general purpose for frequently accessed data Intelligent-tiering really focus on that cost saving by auto tearing our data based upon our access patterns. So the less we access our data, it's going to move over to the right, to our infrequently accessed tiers and it's going to save us money. But as soon as we access data, boom, Amazon is going to move it back to the left, over to our S3 standard tier, our frequently accessed tier, and we're going to pay that charge. We have S3 standard IA, low cost storage for less frequently accessed data, but it still has instant retrieval. One zone infrequently access data in only one availability zone, further cost savings. But again, we introduce the risk by only saving it in one availability zone and then we introduce our glacier storage classes, low cost storage for long term data. And again, instant retrieval has instant retrieval time, millisecond retrieval time for our data, flexible retrieval again, similar. We have low cost storage for long term data, minutes to hours retrieval and finally deep archive, which we just talked about data archival that is rarely accessed. So I present to you our S3 storage classes here. So let's take a look at them in terms of data access frequency. I've got them all listed here, so the more frequently accessed data needs to go over to the left, the less frequently accessed data is going to be moved towards the right. So if you have, again, things that need high throughput access immediately, they're going to go on S3 standard. And as you need data less and less and less, you're going to continue moving down the stack to the right, ultimately down to deep archive, which you rarely, if ever, access. So a good comparison here. If we compare the features here that we've talked about through this, we've got them all listed across the top, we've got our durability notice. We have 11 nines of durability across the board here. Now we have availability listed for all of them. And notice it's a little bit different. S3 Standard 99.99 Intelligent-tiering 0.9 S3 Infrequent access 99.9. And we get down to one zone iAa again because we're only running to a single availability zone. 99.5 You've got availability zones listed out here. Notice that one zone IA is the only storage class where data is not replicated and written across three or more availability zones. You've got your retrieval times across here. We've got immediate all the way until we get to glacier flexible retrieval, then we move to minutes to hours and then even down to deep archive, which could be up to two days. Retrieval costs are broken out here. First couple, we have no retrieval costs. And then as we get into our IA and our deep archive and things like that, we do have a retrieval cost, minimum storage time. We don't have a minimum storage time for S3 Standard or Intelligent-tiering. But as we get to things like IA or Glacier, we do introduce minimum storage times and finally the minimum billable object size. So that's another important aspect when you're thinking about the data that's going to be stored on S3 is you have to think about the minimum billing object size. So if you look at AIA, it says 128 K Well, if you put a file out there that's only 40 K, Amazon's going to charge you for 128 K because that's the minimum object size out there. So for AIA it's 128. For one zone AIA it's 128 K for Glacier instant retrieval, it's 128. But as we get to flexible retrieval and deep archive, you can see the minimum billable object size is actually smaller down to only 40 K. So just a great chart to consider when you're thinking about which storage class that you are going to select. That wraps up our section that focuses on introducing our Amazon S3 storage classes. Hopefully at this point you feel a lot better and understanding the different options that you have available to you and you feel better about where your data should go based upon your different use cases in your organization. Again, remember, each object individually can be selected for a different storage class so you don't have to worry about organizing your buckets for Glacier or Standard or Intelligent-tiering or anything like that. You just focus on the objects themselves. So thanks for watching. Hopefully this was beneficial and I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.