All right. In this demo, we're going to go over storage classes. So I want to show you how you can work with existing objects and change the storage class of those existing objects, as well as choose the storage class of when you upload new objects to your bucket. So I am in Amazon S3 and I have a list of my buckets in this account and we're going to work with this bucket called my data lookup bucket dash BC. All right, so if I open up that one, you can see I've got some PDFs in there, right? Customer sales. January, February, March, April, May, June. All right. Now, all those are tight PDFs. You can see when they're modified and you can see the storage class. More importantly over here on the right. Now, notice that these are all standard and say, for example, it's already past the middle of the year and well, we've already performed analytics on all these files and we don't necessarily need to use them anymore. We still want to keep them around, but we're not going to use them. We're going to access them very infrequently. All right. So in order to save some data, what we want to do is migrate those over to another storage class. So what I can do here is I can pick and choose individual files if I want, and I'm going to go ahead and pick all six just for the fun of it. And under actions here, I can choose edit storage class. All right, so I'm going to click that. It's going to bring up our edit storage class. Menu here. And then what we're going to do is we're going to scroll down and of course, we get all of our options for the storage classes that are available in S3. So we have all the ones that we've talked about Standard Intelligent-tiering, AIA, one zone, all that good stuff. All right. So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to choose intelligent. So what I'm going to do for this use case is I'm going to go ahead and choose one zone IA because, well, these are recreatable, right? Maybe our app can recreate these reports if we need to. And so I'm going to go ahead and choose one zone IA and then I'm going to scroll down here. We have a list of the specified objects and I'm going to simply click on Save changes down here and it's going to modify all of our objects and move them over to that storage. So if I click close here right now, you can see all of our objects. But now over here on the right, you can see they're all on one zone. IA All right, so that's a super easy way that you can use to modify the storage class of your objects that exist in your bucket. Now, another way that you can do that is choose the storage class when you're uploading a new file. All right, so if I click on upload here and we're going to drag and drop maybe the report from July and August 2023. All right. So I'm going to drag and drop that over here. I'm going to scroll down. Destination is our bucket, right? We have information about our bucket, right? I don't have versioning turned on this one. We have default encryption object locked, all that good stuff. But under properties down here at the bottom, we have the opportunity to choose the storage class of these objects when we actually upload them. All right. So maybe in this case, since they're fairly newer reports, maybe you want to go ahead and put them under Intelligent-tiering just so it can automatically move that to a lower class tier when we need to. All right. So I'm going to go down here and I'm going to click on upload. All right? So it's going to upload our files. It should be relatively quick. They are pretty small files, so that's already done. I'm going to click close. Then if you look at our objects, we have eight objects in our bucket. We have customer sales January through May or June that are in our one zone. iAa right here and now we have our two new files that we've added to Intelligent-tiering storage class right here. All right. So again, easy way in order to modify your storage class for existing objects and of course, how you choose your storage class when you're uploading new objects. Now, during the class, we're going to learn more about how we can automatically do this right, using things like lifecycle rules. And we already learned about how Intelligent-tiering is going to take care of that for us and other ways that we can move our data between our storage classes automatically. But in this case, I want to show you how you can do that manually on existing objects and any new objects. All right, so that's it for this demo. Hopefully it was useful and we'll see you in the next video.