So now let's talk about the different options we have for base foundation models. So we have to choose based on a lot of different factors. In the end, it's going to come down to the model types, the performance requirements you have, the capabilities of the model, the constraints you have, the compliance you need, and so on. Also, some models may provide you different levels of customization. Some models may be smaller, others bigger. They could be different levels for inference, so how to basically get an output of the model. You may have different licensing agreements. You may have different requirements on context windows, so how much data you can send it to a foundation model, as well as latency, so how fast a model will come back to you with an answer. You may also have different factors, such as is the model multimodal? Which means that it can take a wide combination of types of inputs, for example, audio, text, and video together, and also give you various types of outputs, for example, again, images, audio, video, text, but all together at the same time. So there's no clear answer. Of course, it's up for you to test, but there is something called Amazon Titan, and because this is an AWS certification we're studying for, I believe Amazon Titan is going to appear at the exam. So what is Amazon Titan? Well, it is the high-performing foundation model directly from AWS. So you have different levels of Amazon Titan, but it can do images, text, and you also have multimodal choices, all via the same API you have on Amazon Bedrock. As well, it can be customized with your own data, so you can fine-tune Amazon Titan, and that can be very handy. Also, for example, to make a decision on a model, usually, the smaller models are going to be more cost-effective, but they usually know less things. So it's a bunch of balancing acts, really, based on what your business needs is on. So let's have a look at four models to see if we can understand a little bit how our process would go into. So we have Amazon Titan, and we're going to compare Amazon Titan Text Express. We have, and I'll call it Llama, but it may be Yama, Llama-2, which is some model out of Meta. We have Claude out of from Entropic, and then we have Stability AI, which created something called Stable Diffusion. So first of all, the last model is for image generation only. So if you want just image, maybe the last model can build for you. But, like, for the other ones, you have different kinds of capabilities. So if we look at features, for example, well, Amazon Titan can do text, and it can do it in 100-plus languages. Llama-2 can do large-scale tasks, dialogue, and in English. And Claude can have also text generation and also language. So it comes down to testing how the model reacts to your inputs. And one thing that may be very important is the number of tokens you can have as an input to the model. So Amazon, we have 8K tokens. Llama-2, we have 4K tokens, and Claude, we have 200K tokens. So that means that on Claude, you can send a lot more words into your context windows. And so Claude will have more memory and will be able to intake a bigger input, which may be very important. For example, you may want to send a big context window when you're dealing with a big code base or when you have to read an entire book and ask questions about that book. Then maybe Claude is going to be a better fit. So the use cases really depends on the models, but to be fair, all these models start to look the same and have the same kind of capabilities. They're all converging towards the same thing. So it's down to mainly testing. But so Amazon Titan is going to be around content creation, classification, and education. Llama-2 is going to be around tech generation and customer service. Claude could be for analysis, forecasting, and document comparison. This is mainly due to the fact it has higher number of token as an input, and Stability AI is going to be for image creation, for advertising, media, and so on. And so pricing can be a big factor again. So here, the pricing is given for 1,000 tokens given to the model. So as you can see, Amazon Titan Text Express is very cheap. It's much cheaper than Llama-2, and Llama-2 is much cheaper than Claude. So again, this could be a big one because, obviously, the more expensive models may give you better answers, but sometimes the less expensive models can still give you good answers, but they're going to be a lot more cost-effective. And as well for Stability AI based on the image you generate, it may cost you as well some money. So be conscious because you can very, very quickly accumulate a lot of costs with AI. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.