So now let's talk about RAG and Knowledge Bases. So what is RAG? RAG is Retrieval-Augmented Generation. Behind this very fancy name, there is a very simple concept. This allows your foundation model to reference a data source from outside of its training data without being fine tuned. So how does that work? So we have a knowledge base and it's being built and managed by Amazon Bedrock. For this, it must rely on a data source. For example, Amazon S3. So your data is going to be an Amazon S3, and then automatically Bedrock is going to do some magic. We'll see how that works exactly, but it's going to build a knowledge base. And then a user is going to ask a question to your foundation model saying, who is the product manager for John? So that's probably something related to his company. And of course the foundation model does not know anything about John because John is a very specific query for my company and my own data. So there's going to be something called a search, and this information is going to be searched in the knowledge base, automatically. Of course, this is all happening behind the scene. But this knowledge base is backed by something called a vector database and to create the data in the vector database, again, bedrock takes care of everything, it's called creating vector Embeddings. And I will show you how that works later on. But basically thanks to this vector database, then we're able to retrieve the relevant information out of this knowledge base. And for example, we get some text back from this saying that we have some information about John, such as we have some support contacts. We have a product manager, which is Jessie Smith. We have an engineer, which is Sara Ronald. And so all this is going to go as an augmented prompt. And so it's going to be the original query as well as the text that has been retrieved that are going to be passed together into the actual foundation model. And the foundation model is going to look at this augmented prompt and generate a response saying, hey, it looks like Jessie Smith is the product manager for John. And it's what it's called retrieval-augmented generation. Retrieval, because we retrieve the data outside of the foundation model and it's augmented generation because we augment the prompt with that external data that has been retrieved. So hence the name RAG. And so RAG in AWS Amazon Bedrock is going to be a knowledge base. So this is very helpful when you need to have data that needs to be fed, and that is very up to date, that is in real time, and that needs to be fed into the foundation model. So how does that work? Well, here we have an example. Give me talking points for benefits of air travel. As you can see, one of these talking points has a little one on it and a link to air travel.pdf and that PDF may be an Amazon S3. So this is an example where the RAG and the knowledge base has been used to give an answer to a specific prompt. So for the RAG Vector Databases, what options do we have? Well, to store our index, we have a vector database, and we can have different kinds. We can have OpenSearch Service, Aurora, Neptune Analytics, and S3 Vectors. Those are AWS specific options. And then we can have external options such as MongoDB, as well as Redis and Pinecone. And these are options if you want to integrate with external services. Next, your data is going to be in Amazon S3 and it's going to be chunked into different parts. And these parts are going to be passed through what's called an embeddings model. And this model is going to be powered by either Amazon Titan or Cohere or other options. And these embeddings are going to be generated and stored onto your vector database. And this is why choosing a vector database is a matter of what type of queries and documents you have and how you want to optimize your queries. But this is a bit too advanced. You just need to know the existence of these embeddings model to create these embeddings and the existence of a database. Still the exam may ask you to choose what type of database to choose for your vector database. It's just a high level. But if you want to use OpenSearch Service, then you must use the Amazon OpenSearch Service on AWS. You have options for serverless and managed clusters. It gives you search and analytics database in real time for similar queries. You can store millions of vector embeddings. It's a very scalable index management, and you get very fast nearest neighbor, KNN search capability. This makes it a great production way to run a RAG on AWS. If you wanted original database, you can use Amazon or a PostgreSQL. If you wanted to have a graph analytics and graph based RAG called GraphRAG solution, then you must use Amazon Neptune Analytics. And finally, if you wanted a very cost effective and durable storage with sub-second query performance, then you would use Amazon S3 vectors. And as you can see, these sources are different based on their capabilities. Just remember them at a high level for the exam and you'll be good to go. So what kind of data sources can we use in Amazon Bedrock? Well, we have Amazon S3, which is a place where you can put a lot of files in the cloud directory. Confluence, Microsoft SharePoint, Salesforce, as well as webpages. So it could be your website, it could be your social media feed, et cetera, et cetera, so anything in the web. And I'm pretty sure that Amazon Bedrock will add more sources over time. But from an exam perspective, I think remembering Amazon is free and maybe these ones should be enough. And of course, if from an exam perspective, you need to know about more data sources, I will of course include it in this slide. So what are the use cases now for Amazon Bedrock where you can build a customer service chatbot where the knowledge base is going to be your products, your features, your specifications, troubleshooting guides, and frequently asked questions. And so therefore, your RAG application can be the chatbot that will answer customer queries and look up in this knowledge base. It could be for legal research and analysis where the knowledge base is going to be laws and regulations, case precedents, legal opinions and expert analysis and this time we can have a chatbot that is going to have relevant information anytime we have a specific legal query. And we can have also a healthcare question answering. So again, the knowledge base can be diseases, treatments, clinical guidelines, research papers, and previous patient data. And the application could be a chatbot that will answer complex medical queries. So RAG opens up a lot of possibilities for doing gen AI on AWS. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.