So now for pricing on Amazon Bedrock. So you have the On-Demand mode, and this is where you pay-as-you-go, there is no commitment, and you're going to get charged for text models based on every input and output token processed. For embeddings model, again, for every input token processed and for image models, you're going to be charged for every image generated. This works with the base models only that are provided as part of Amazon Bedrock. If you want to have some cost savings, you can use the batch mode. So in the batch mode, you can make multiple predictions at a time, and the output is going to be a single file in Amazon S3. And by using batch mode, you're going to get responses a bit later than in real time, but at least you're going to get discounts of up to 50%. For provision throughput, this is when you want to purchase model units for a certain time, for example, for one month or six month, and you're going to get a guaranteed throughput. That means that you're going to get a maximum number of input and output tokens processed per minute as a guarantee. And the idea is that you're going to maintain capacity and performance, which is very important, but it does not necessarily provide you with cost savings. So provision throughput works with base models, but is necessary if you have a fine tuned model or custom models or imported models in. In this case, you cannot use on-demand. You have to use provision throughput. So you need to also understand the pricing behind improving a model. So if you use prompt engineering, this is when you have techniques and we'll see them in the next section or techniques to improve the prompt and the output of model. Well, this requires no further model training, so there's no additional computation or fine tuning. So this is very, very cheap to do. If you use RAG, Retrieval Augmented Generation, it uses an external knowledge base, and because the financial model doesn't know everything, so it's less complex. There's no financial model change. You don't need to retrain your model or do fine tuning. But there is a cost, of course, because now you need to have a vector database and you need to have a system that allows you to access that vector database. Then we have instruction based fine tuning. So this is when the financial model is fine tuned with specific instructions, and that requires additional computation. But this is really done to steer how the model is going to answer a few important questions to set the tone maybe for the model. And finally, the main adaptation. Fine tuning is very expensive because now you're going to adapt a model train on the domain specific dataset and then includes creating a lot of data and then retraining the model with all the data. Remember, it's unlabeled, whereas instruction based was labeled, and this requires intensive computation, and so therefore this intuitively will cost more than instruction based fine tuning. So how can you do cost savings on Amazon Bedrock? Well, if you use the on-demand pricing model, it's going to be great for unpredictable workload and you have no long-term commitments. If you're using the batch mode, you get up to 50% discounts, but of course you need to wait a little bit for your results. For provision throughputs, usually it's not a cost saving measure. The goal of it is to really reserve capacity from AWS and their providers. And so therefore, you should not use this as a cost savings strategy. If you modify the temperature, the Top K or the Top P parameter, you modify how the model is working. But this has no impact on the pricing. And if you have the model size in mind, usually a smaller model is going to be cheaper. But again, this varies on who you get the model from. So one of the main driver of cost savings in Amazon Bedrock is to modify the number of input and output tokens. This is the main driver of cost, so try to get your prompt as efficiently written as possible and try to get your output as concise and short as possible as well if you are worried about cost savings. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.