So, now let's talk about Amazon Nova. So it's a family of AI Foundation Models, FMs, built by AWS. The idea is that you're going to use those in bedrock, like you would use any model. So this is the alternative by AWS to other models from ChatGPT or Claude. It's designed to be fast, cost-effective, and enterprise-ready. And as I said, you can access it through Amazon Bedrock. So the exam may ask you what model is used for what. So you have Nova Premier, which is the most capable of Amazon's multimodal models for complex reasoning tasks and for use as the best teacher for distilling custom models. You have Nova Pro, which is a bit lower. So it's a highly capable multimodal model with the best combination of accuracy, speed, and cost for a wide range of tasks. You have Nova Lite, which is a low-cost model that is lightning fast for processing image, video, and text inputs. And Nova Micro, which is the text-only model that delivers the lowest latency responses at very low cost. Now, this is to get understanding of, you know, text and/or video and/or images. But if you wanted to generate images, you have Nova Canvas, which is a state-of-the-art image generation model. You have Nova Reel, which is a state-of-the-art video generation model. And for speech you have Nova Sonic, which is a conversational speech understanding and generation model in multiple languages. So, you need to just remember that Canvas is for images, Reel for videos, then you have Premier down to Micro for dealing with text. And the first three are multimodal, the last one is text only. And finally, for speech, Nova Sonic. This should be quite obvious at the exam when the question is asked which model is used for what. Now you also have Amazon Nova 2, which are new models with enhanced capabilities. And this is used for building interactive chatbots, analyzing documents and videos, and create AI agents. You have up to one million tokens of context and advanced reasoning capabilities. So again, you have Nova 2 Lite, which is fast, cost-effective reasoning model for everyday workloads, so text, images, videos, and documents. Sonic, again, which gives you the speech capability. Then you have Nova 2 Multimodal Embeddings, which gives you an embedding model for RAG if you needed to do it. And Nova 2 Omni, which is an all-in-one model for multimodal reasoning and image generation. So, the idea is that Omni is going to be the best model, Lite is going to be little fast, a little bit more cost-effective, Sonic for speech, and then you have an Embeddings model. Now as you can see, more capabilities have been regrouped in one model. So now Omni and Lite both deal with text, images, videos, and documents. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.