Let's dive into security, identity and compliance. This is a quick one. We're going to start off with a very basic principle of security, but an important one the principle of least privilege. And the exam guide does say you need to know what this is. It's pretty simple though. All it means is that you're only granting the permissions required for someone to perform a given task. So it's kind of common sense, right? Don't give people more permissions than they need to do what they need to do. Otherwise they might figure out a way to exploit or abuse that extraneous permission that they have. Now, while you're developing, it certainly makes sense to start with broader permissions, since you don't necessarily know exactly what you need permission for when you're still building a system and figuring out what components make it up right. But once you're done, once you actually know what somebody needs to do with that system, you should lock it down. Once you have that better idea of the exact services and operations that a workload requires over on the right here, we have an example of that. So this is just an IAM policy that restricts S3 access to listing a specific bucket. And furthermore within a specific prefix of that bucket. So that top half there is saying I'm only going to allow list bucket operations within my specific bucket under the data reports path there. And for actually reading data, the only thing I'm going to allow with this IAM policy is reading CSV files that are under my specific bucket slash data slash reports and end with a dot csv suffix. So if you have, for example, a workflow that requires people to or a system or a service to read CSV files from a specific location, there's no reason to give them access to anything more than that location, and furthermore, just to the specific types of files that they might need from that location. Right? So that's an example of the principle of least privilege. And if you're not sure what privileges you need for an operation, you can use a tool called the IAM Access Analyzer. And that will automatically generate least privilege policies based on the actual observed access activity. So if while you're testing your system, you're only doing what you're supposed to do, you could use IAM Access Analyzer to automatically give you a starting point of what those least privileged policies might look like.