Let's talk about security in the context of SageMaker. As we know, most AWS exams focus a lot on security, so you definitely want to pay attention during this lecture. Let's start by reviewing some general best practices with AWS security that also apply to SageMaker and using Amazon's machine learning services. First of all, you want to be using the IAM service as much as possible. That's identity and access management. Not only can you use that to restrict the permissions of the different services that are talking to each other within your larger system, you can also use it to set up user accounts for AWS, and make sure that those user accounts only have the permissions that they need. So if you need to only have permission to run a SageMaker notebook, you can restrict permissions to setting up SageMaker notebooks and maybe S3 to getting data in and out of it. You want to use multi-factor authentication whenever possible, so you want to make sure that your administrator accounts, and certainly your root account, is using MFA to make sure that we're sure that someone's not just guessing your password and breaking in That can be a lifesaver. And I've learned that the hard way in the past. Also use SSL and TLS when connecting to anything. Fortunately, it's hard not to do that. In the case of EMR, which is about the only case where I can think of where you'd be connecting directly to a server in the world of machine learning. You'd have to try pretty hard not to do that in a secure manner, but it is possible. So don't get any ideas. Make sure you're using SSL when you're connecting to those servers. Also, you should be using Amazon's CloudTrail service to log any activity to the APIs that you're using and any user activity. So if you do, God forbid, have a breach, you'll at least have an audit trail to look at to try to get some forensic information about what happened there and how to undo the damage. Now remember the difference between CloudTrail and CloudWatch. This tends to be a favorite question on Amazon exams in general. Remember, CloudTrail is for auditing. It's leaving a trail of activity, a log of what everyone did. Whereas CloudWatch is monitoring log data and issuing alarms when things are going wrong. Use encryption whenever appropriate and especially with PII, that's personally identifiable information. So if you're sending around things like people's names or email addresses or addresses or, you know, especially things like Social Security numbers or credit card numbers and things like that, make sure you're encrypting that data both in rest and at transit. Let's dive into more detail on how to do that with SageMaker. So at rest, you can use Amazon's key management service for pretty much everything in SageMaker. Any SageMaker jobs or notebooks will accept a KMS key to encrypt all the data stored by those notebooks or jobs, so you can provide a key managed by KMS to actually perform encryption of that data at rest. That includes artifacts coming from training, parameter tuning, batch transforms and coming from your endpoints. Also your notebooks, the notebooks themselves and everything under opt ML and temp in your Docker containers can be encrypted with a KMS key as well. There's also the problem of securing your training data and the data used for hosting your models, so you can just use standard S3 encryption techniques for that. Uh, S3 supports various kinds of encryption at rest and in transit, so you can just use the capabilities of encrypted S3 buckets for your training data and for hosting your trained models. Back to SageMaker. S3 can also use KMS optionally, and it can use its own keys as well. In transit. Basically all traffic supports TLS and SSL within SageMaker. You can also use IAM to assign roles to SageMaker to give it permissions to access specific resources. So in general, you want to follow the principle of least access. So only give SageMaker itself permissions that it needs to access the data that it absolutely needs and, you know, reject everything else. IAM can let you do that. Also, you can optionally encrypt the Inter-node training communication as well. So if you actually have training happening across multiple nodes, you can even encrypt that traffic too. It's kind of hard to imagine how someone could actually intercept that traffic, but you might have some sort of a regulatory or requirement to actually encrypt that too, if you're dealing with particularly sensitive information. This does come at the cost of increasing training time, and time is money when it comes to training. So if you're doing a very complicated deep learning algorithm that's spread out across multiple nodes, that encryption will come at a very real cost. But sometimes it's required. This is also known as inter container traffic encryption. You can just turn this on via the console when you're setting up your training job, or through the API for training or tuning for that matter.