Welcome back. We designed our Lakehouse platform architecture. Let me show you it quickly. Here it is. We want to create a Lakehouse platform using Databricks Cloud. And this is how it should look. We have multiple layers on this platform. We have a storage layer at the bottom to store the data. Then we have a unity catalog layer to manage fine grained access control. On top of that we will have a Databricks workspace. The workspace allows us to launch clusters and execute our applications. But how do we set up this platform? That is what we are going to do as our next step. We will be using our Azure Cloud platform to set up our lake house. But before we start doing it, let me list the high level implementation steps. The first step is to create a Databricks workspace. You will need a Databricks Premium Workspace to work on this project. So we will be doing that in the following lecture. The second step is to create a storage layer for your lake house. Let me show you the storage design once again to refresh your memory. Here it is. We want to create Azure ADLs Gen2 storage. Creating a storage layer for your Databricks Lake House is a three step process. Creating a storage account. Creating your storage containers and setting up a storage access connector for Databricks. We will follow these steps in a separate video and you will learn step by step approach to doing this. The next item on our list is to set up the Unity Catalog. To set up the unity catalog, you will need three things. Databricks Premium Workspace, a path to the storage container, and resource ID of the Azure Databricks Access Connector. All these resources will be ready in the earlier steps of configuring the Unity Catalog, which will be straightforward. I will show you that in a separate video. The last step is to set up your storage containers for your data and create a catalog. We will be doing the following things in the last step. Create a catalog for our managed tables and define a catalog location. Create a location for unmanaged tables, and create a location for checkpoints and other things that will be all to set up your development environment. You can similarly create QA and production environments and that will be all. Once you have your development environment, you can start coding. Great! See you in the following lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.