Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn to create a unity catalog. Metastore. So let's start to use the unity Catalog. You must create a Metastore. A Metastore is a top level container for metadata in the unity catalog. To create a Metastore, you will need three things one. Databricks Premium Workspace path to the storage container, and resource ID for the Azure Databricks Access Connector. We have already created a Databricks Premium workspace for our project. In the previous video, we also finished creating the storage containers and Databricks Access connector. You noted down the resource ID for the Databricks connector. So I am assuming you already have these three things to create a Metastore. Log in to your Databricks workspace. Let me go to my Databricks workspace. Here I am. Click your username in the top bar of the Azure Databricks Workspace. And select Manage Account. You will be redirected to log in to the Azure Databricks Account Console. Great. That's your Databricks account console. You will also see four tabs in your account console, workspaces, data, user management, and settings. The workspaces tab shows all your Databricks workspaces. I have two workspaces and I can see them listed here as bit QA and as bit ORS. We created the split ORS in the earlier lecture, and I already had one split QA workspace created earlier. I want to use split as my development environment. And as bitka as my test environment. Now let's go to the data tab. This is where you can create your unity catalog. Metastore. Click create Metastore. Give a name for the Metastore. Choose a region where the meta store will be deployed. This must be in the same region where your work space and storage containers are created. My region is east US. The next item is to enter the path to the storage container. This path will become the root location of the Metastore. We have already created a root container for the Metastore, and I can type in the path in the text box. You can see the gray text for the hint of the path format. It should be container name at the rate storage account name.dfs.co dot windows dot net slash Metastore name. Let me paste the path for my container. Enter the Azure Databricks Access Connector Resource ID in the following text box. Click create. Now it is asking to connect your workspaces. I have two workspaces and I want to connect both. So let me choose both the workspaces. Click assign. Then great. That's all we configured unity catalog for both of my workspaces. The next activity is to create a developer user group and assign them a workspace. So let's go back to the user Management tab. Come to the group's. And add a new group. Save it. Let me add some members to this group. I have only one user so add Prashant that is Nasscom to this group. It's done. The Sbit dev group is supposed to be working in this workspace, so let's go to the workspace tab and assign a workspace to this group. Click the Betws workspace. Come to the permissions tab and add permissions. Choose the Sbit dev group. The permission type is user. That is all. Save it. We also want the Sbit dev to have access to the Sbit QA workspace. So let me go back to the workspaces. Click the SBT workspace. Come to the permissions tab and add permissions. Choose the SB dev group. The permission type is user. That's all. Save it. Great. So we defined the unity catalog. Metastore. Assigned the Metastore to the Databricks Workspaces. We also created a developer group and added workspace access permissions to the developer group. That's all. We are now ready with the Unity Catalog integration. Now you can go to your Databricks workspace and create databases and tables. I will show you that in the following lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.