Welcome back. We finished the design work for our project. What is the next step? Every large project must have a source control setup. Here is a list of some source control systems. You can choose one of the given options, but for our project I want to use Azure DevOps. So let's see how to set up source control for your project using Azure DevOps. The first step is to get access to an Azure DevOps account. Your company might already have an Azure DevOps account so you can get access to the same. But in our case, we will create a new account. Restart your browser and type dev dot Azure.com. You can sign in if you already have an Azure DevOps account. If not, create a free account. Hit the Start Free button. Login using your Microsoft account. If you do not have a Microsoft account, you can create a new one or sign in using your GitHub account. I already have one, so let me log in. Great. So I am inside my Azure DevOps account. You can create one or more organizations in your Azure DevOps account. I already have one organization created for Scholar Nest. If you want, you can create a new organization for you inside the organization. You can create projects. So let me create a new project. Let me give the project a name and hit the create button. Great. We created the project and we are at the project home. What do we want to do? We want to create a source code repository for our project. Correct. Click the repos button from the left. You will see that the S bit has an empty repository. Scroll down and click the initialize button. That's all. You initialized the main branch of your repository. Do you see the main here at the top? Click the down arrow. And you can see a link to create a new branch. Let me create a release branch. And it will be based on the main branch. And that should be enough. A typical project may have one main branch and multiple release branches under the main. And developers can have multiple feature branches under a release. We will create a feature branch at a later stage, but for now we are good to go with the main and release branches. Great! That's all about creating project source control. Now you are ready to start coding and I will see you in the following lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.