Welcome back! We finished designing the project and initialized the source control system for your project. Now it's time to start coding. So let's start. Let me go to my Databricks development workspace. Open the browser and go to the Databricks Dev Environment URL. Here is my development workspace. Let me bring back the platform design. Here it is. We wanted to set up a Databricks workspace as shown here. We have five storage layer directories in the ADLs. Then we have a Databricks Unity catalog. We created a dev catalog to implement security for the development environment. Behind the dev catalog we will be creating three databases. I assume you have already set up your dev, QA and production environments according to the design shown here. So let me go back to my development environment. Great. So I am on the home page of my development workspace. We will be doing all the development activities in this workspace. This workspace is unity catalog enabled and we already have a dev catalog set up for this workspace. Click the data menu to see the dev catalog listed in the Data Explorer. Great. So we are now ready to start coding. But where do you want to start? What should I code first? Let me open the design document and we will start from there. Here it is. Look at the design diagram. We have so many tables. Correct. We need three bronze layer tables. We also need eight silver and two gold layer tables. So the first step is to create a DDL script for this project. Creating a setup script is almost always the first step of any data engineering project. So let me create a new setup script. Go back to the dev environment and choose the workspace from the menu. Do you see rappers? This is the place to connect your source control system. Right click the repos and create a folder. Now right click the asset folder and create a repo. You will see a dialog box to connect your source control at this place. You need some information about your source control system. So let me go to Azure DevOps and get the required details. Open a new browser tab and visit the Azure DevOps portal for your company. Go to the SB project. Select repos from the menu. Now you can see a button to clone your repository. Click the clone button. Copy the https URL. Come back to your workspace and paste the git repository URL. That's all the git provider must be. Azure DevOps service. The repository name must be your project name. But you also need credentials to connect to your repository. Let's go back to the Azure DevOps page. Do you see the Generate Git Credentials button? Click the button to generate a username and password. You need this username and password to connect your Databricks workspace with Azure DevOps. Copy the password and come back to Databricks. Expand the grid credentials link. Type the username and paste the password in the following text box. Now you can hit the save button. Great. Now hit the create repo button. That's all. You can see the SB project repository inside your SB directory. By default you are in the main branch. You can see it at the top of the page. We want to create a new feature branch for us and then start creating notebooks in our feature branch. Let's do it! Right click the submit repository and choose the git operation. This is your git operations UI. The current selected branch is the main. Let me change it to release. But I do not want to directly work in the release branch. So let me create a new branch. Click the create branch button and give your new branch a name. Ensure the based on the branch is the release branch as shown here. Hit the create button. Great. We are done. Let me hit the pull button once. So we successfully pulled the changes from the source control. I know it's a new project. We have nothing to pull from the source control, but we do pull it once as a good practice. Now you can close this and come back to the workspace page. You can see your current branch as your feature branch. Now let's create a notebook and start coding. Right click the asset repository and create a notebook. Here it is. The default name of the notebook is not suitable for us. So let me change it to zero two setup. Great. So this is my setup notebook. I'll create my setup script or setup functions in this notebook. I have already done that, so let me paste the setup code and finish the notebook creation. I'll explain the code in the following lecture, but for now let me paste the code here. The first cell is to import another notebook. I'll explain that later. The second cell contains the rest of the code, so let me paste it. Great. It is a lot of code, but all this is nothing but code to set up our databases and tables. These are a bunch of details wrapped inside the Python code. I'll explain it, so do not worry at all. Let me create one more notebook. Go to the file menu and create a new notebook. It opens in a new browser tab. Change the notebook name to zero one config. Now let me paste the code for the config. Great. So we created two notebooks and also developed some code. Go back to the workspace menu and browse the Esbit repository. You will see two notebooks listed. Assume your code is correct. You want to commit these two notebooks to the source control. Let's do it. Right click the asset repository and choose the git operation. Here we are. You can see your changes here. We added two notebooks and we can see them in the changes list. Let me type a commit message. Now the commit and push button is active. Hit the commit button. Great you successfully committed and pushed the changes to your feature branch. Close the git operation page and you are done. Great. We finished one day's development cycle for our project. Let me summarize. A typical project developer performs the following activities. We connect our development environment with the source control and clone the project. The next step is to create our feature branch. This step is essential to avoid unnecessary conflict with other developers. Once you have changed to your feature branch, you can create notebooks and write code. You will also perform unit testing and finally commit your code to the feature branch. I showed you all these steps in this lecture. At the end of the development, you will return to your Azure DevOps site and raise a pull request to merge your code with other developer's code. Once everyone's code is merged, we can start the CI CD pipeline and deploy the code in the QA environment. I will show you all that, but the main objective of this lecture was to help you understand the project development process. Great. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.