Welcome back. This lecture will discuss a common problem scenario in silver layer processing. So let's start looking at the data flow diagram. Here it is. Look at this gray line. We are supposed to read user profile, update events from the Kafka multiplex table, and merge the changes in the user profile table. Correct. Let me explain a scenario. Let's assume you have one user record in your destination table. It looks like this. You are running merge new updates to this table in batch mode, and you got some new updates for your next batch. They look like the one shown below. You have three updated records for the same user. He updates his first name at 10 a.m., then he updates his date of birth at 1002. Finally, he updated his address at 1006. You are running a ten minute batch to merge these updates into the target table. How will you handle it? Well, do you understand the problem here? We have multiple updates for the same user. And the order of updates is super critical. If you apply the first one, then the second and finally the third record to the target, and you do it in the order of records shown here, you will miss updating some information. The final record looks like this. We applied the first record and hence we modified the first name. Then we applied the second record and modified the street address. But we lost the street address update when we applied the third record. And that's the problem here. So if you are getting multiple updates for the same record in the same batch, you must apply the changes in the order of arrival. And this is not only the problem in batch updates, this is a problem in streaming updates also. Why? Because Spark Streaming is a micro batch. You may get multiple updates for the same record in a micro batch, correct? How do we handle this problem? Simple rank the records by updated timestamp in descending order. The source table will look like this. Now you can remove the rank two and three from the input and apply only the rank one record. The rank one record is the last update and comes with all the changes. So leaving two and three and applying only one is perfectly fine for our example. Correct. And that's what we are going to do in this silver layer. So now you go back to the silver layer code and look at the Upsert user profile method. Here it is. The code looks the same as other functions. I am reading the source using the read stream. Applying the necessary transformation using a set of select expressions. Removing duplicates using the drop duplicates. But this drop duplicates will not remove the multiple updates. Why? Because we are removing duplicates for ID and updated timestamp. Finally, I'm using the right stream to merge the data into the target. So the code is similar to the other functions. But where are we ranking and eliminating rank two and three from the input? Well that is done in the data. Upsetter dot Upsert function. Let me show you. I am creating the data operator using the CDC upsetter. You can see it here. Now jump to the top of the notebook and look at the CDC Upsetter class. The approach of the CDC. Upsetter is the same, but we have some extra code to create a windowing aggregate and compute the rank for each record. Then we filter it to keep only the first rank, and that's all. We create or replace temp view after the filter and execute the merge statement. That's all great. I hope you learned a new technique. The point is straight the Far Reach badge is a powerful tool. You can bring microbatch data to a user defined function, apply some transformations, create a temp view, and run some SQL expressions. You can handle a lot of requirements and complexities using this technique. Great! That's all about our silver layer coding. See you in the following lecture and we will talk about the gold layer. Keep learning and keep growing.