Welcome back. We coded our silver layer process. Now it is time to code our gold layer. So before we start, let me show you the data flow diagram. Here it is. Just look at it. You know, you have many silver layered tables. However, you have only two gold layer tables. Each of these two gold layer tables is based on the two silver layer tables in the gold layer. We need to write functions that read data from the silver layer and fill the gold layer tables. So we need to code all the yellow lines in this diagram, correct? However, you can also create the gold layer reports using views. Creating a gold layer table and filling it with the pipeline from the silver layer is not always necessary. We can directly create a view on the silver layer tables and expose it for gold layer reporting. In our example we have two gold layer tables. I have already implemented the gym summary as a view. The setup module already includes the code for defining and creating a view. You can refer to the setup module code for the same. In our goal layer, we will create a function to fill the workout BPM. Summary. Great! Let me go to the dev environment and create a new notebook for the gold layer. Go to workspace. Propose and choose your Esbit repository. Now you can add a new notebook here. Rename the notebook. We are now ready to code. Let me import the config notebook. I will paste some code for an Upsetter class in the second cell. This code is similar to the silver layer upsetter, so I am not going to explain it again. Finally, let me paste the code for the gold class. This one is our gold layer code. Let me quickly walk you through the code. The code is. Structure and processing logic are similar to some silver layer tables, so you can understand the code and learn what is happening. But let me walk you. The init method is a constructor for the class. I am setting up some variables in this method. After that, I have one function for the target called layer table. The absurd workout BPM summary method will merge the data into the workout BPM summary table. I have only one target in the gold layer, so I created only one function here. The approach is similar to the silver layer. I am using the read stream method to read the data from the workout BPM table. I am also reading usr bins above as a data frame. Then I join the usr bin data frame with my streaming data frame. We are applying the necessary aggregations and transformations on our streaming data frame. And finally, I will send the transformed data frame to the for each batch method. The for each batch will call the Upsert method and it will merge the data frame into the target. We used the same technique for the silver layer. The gold layer processing approach is also the same. The rest of the code in the gold class is straightforward. I have a standard absurd method to trigger all the gold layer methods. Then I have assert, count and assert rose function to be used in validation. Finally, I have a validate method for testing my gold layer and that is all I want to highlight. One last thing. Look at the assert rows method. We are creating the expected rose data frame. Reading a parquet file. Next we create an actual rose data frame reading our gold layer table. Finally, we assert that the expected rows must equal to the actual ones. What does it mean? We are not performing only the count validation. We are performing a record by record comparison. I already prepared the expected results and saved it as a parquet file. I am comparing the gold layer table with the expected results from the parquet file. This type of validation is more exhaustive because we are comparing the complete result and not only the row count. Great, that's all about the gold layer. We finished coding the bronze, silver and gold layers. See you in the following lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.