Welcome back. In this lecture I will show you how to create a release pipeline. So let's start. Login to your Azure DevOps portal. Go to your project. Choose the releases from the pipeline's menu. Hit the new release pipeline button. We will use an empty job template for this project. So choose the empty job at the top right of the page. Now in the artifacts box. Click the Plus Add button. Now we need to define the source for this release pipeline. The project name is s bit. Click the source build pipeline drop down and choose your build pipeline. So this release pipeline will use your build pipeline as its source. What does it mean? Simple. It will take the artifacts from the build pipeline. Now hit the add button. That's all the artifact is defined for your release pipeline. The next step is to define the stages of the pipeline. We can have a single stage as shown here. However, we will define multiple tasks in the first stage. Click the zero task link in the stage one box. Now click the agent job and you can see the agent job details. Choose Azure Pipelines in the agent section. The agent is specification must be ubuntu 22.04. Now hit the save button at the top. Press, okay. Great. So we added an ubuntu agent for our release pipeline. The next step is to add tasks to run on the ubuntu agent. Click the plus button and it will allow you to add a task. Search for. Use Python version and add it. This will add the use Python three point x task to your agent. Now click the use Python three point X and it will allow you to modify the properties. Change the display name to use Python 3.1. Also change the version aspect to 3.1. Then hit the save button at the top. The next step is to add a new task to extract the build pipeline artifact. Click the plus button again to add a new task. Search for the extract files task and add. Now select the Extract Files task so you can modify the details. Paste the command into the destination folder. The release primary artifact. Source alias is a system variable, and Databricks is my artifact directory. Hit the save button once again. So we installed Python 3.10 and extracted the artifact. What is next? The next step could be deploying the artifact to your Databricks workspace. But for that we will need Databricks CLI. So let me add a new task for installing Databricks CLI. Click the plus button once again and search for bash. Add a bash task. Now click the bash script so you can define the details. Change the display name. Under the type of a script, choose the inline radio button. Replace the content of the text box with pip installed Databricks CLI. Now save it. Great. Now we can add one more bash script to deploy the source code. Let me click the plus button once again and add a bash task. Now click the bash script so you can modify the properties. Change the display name. Now choose the inline radio button. Replace the text box content with our Databricks CLI command. Now save it again. Great. So we created a release pipeline for deployment. However, I want to add one more task for integration testing. So let me add one more task. Click the plus button once again. Search for bash and add a bash task. Now click the bash task so you can change the properties. Change the display name. Choose the inline script. Now replace the content with a bash script to run the integration test. Now hit the save button. The bash script to run the integration test is the most critical part of this build pipeline. I will explain the script in a separate lecture, but for now you can learn that the script will do the following things. Create a job to run the batch test notebook from the deployment folder. Trigger the job and get the run ID. Wait for the job to complete while it is running and then delete the job after completion. Finally, publish the job result. But how is all that coded? I will explain that script later. For now, let's finish the pipeline and test it. Great. You can see the pipeline name at the top of the page. Change the name of the pipeline. Then save it again. That's all. You created the deploy pipeline. However, the release pipeline needs to deploy your notebook in your target Databricks workspace. It will be using Databricks CLI for connecting to the target environment and deploying your code. But for that, we need to supply the following information. Databricks workspace URL and Access token for authentication. So let's collect these two pieces of information. And then we will set these values in our pipeline. Let me go to the Azure portal. Click Azure Databricks at the top of the page. Now you can see two working spaces. The SB xx is my development workspace and the SB QA is my QA workspace for the same project. We want our release pipeline to deploy my project into the QA workspace. So let's go to the split QA workspace and launch the workspace. Great. Now I am inside the workspace. I need two pieces of information to deploy my project in this environment. Databricks workspace URL and access token for authentication. Let's copy the workspace URL. You can click the browser address bar and copy the URL up to the dot net. Make sure you do not have the slash at the end. Keep it somewhere safe and we will use it in the release pipeline. The next thing is to get an access token. Go to your name at the top right corner of the page and click the User Settings menu. Come to the developer tab and hit the Manage Access Token button. Generate a new token. Give a comment. Set the validity period. I make it valid for ten days only. Hit the generate button. Copy the token and save it somewhere because you cannot see this token again. Then. That's all. We now have the URL and the access token. Just click the workspace menu. Expand the workspace to check the shared folder. We do not see anything here. Correct? No files are there in the shared folder. I am planning to deploy my project files in this shared folder. You can have any other folder or subfolder structure for the deployment, but in this example we want to deploy the code in the shared folder directly. Once the pipeline is complete, you can come here and see your project files. Now let's go back to our Azure DevOps Release Pipeline page. Great. So this is my release pipeline. Click the variables tab at the top. Now add a new environment variable for Databricks host. Paste the workspace URL in the value. Add one more environment variable for Databricks token. Now paste the access token in the value. Hit the save button at the top. And that is all. We finalized our release pipeline. Great. So we created our build pipeline in the earlier lecture. And this lecture created the release pipeline. The build pipeline is automatic. So as soon as you commit to any branch or raise a pull request, the build pipeline will start running. The release pipeline is manual. So once your build pipeline is complete and you are ready to deploy your project into the QA environment, you can manually trigger the release pipeline and it will deploy your project. Let's strive both steps. Go to the repos. Choose the initial feature branch. This is the branch we have been developing our project. You can see all the code files here. Correct. Now let's raise a pull request to merge these changes into the release branch. What will happen. The release branch build pipeline will start and prepare the artifact. Correct. Let's raise a pull request. Change the target branch to release branch. Give a title. Come down and hit the create button. Now click the complete button and complete the merge. Great PR is merged. Now go to the pipeline and click the pipelines. Do you see your build name here with a green tick mark? You can see it ran just now. Click the build name and you can see the PR details. This build ran for the initial release PR correct. Click again and you can see the job status. It is a success. Click the job and you can see the list of tasks. All the tasks are green. If you want to see the logs for any task, click the task name. For example, click the Archive Files task. You can see the logs for the task. Great. So our build pipeline is successful and the artifact is ready for deployment. Let's go and manually trigger the release pipeline. Click the releases. You will see your spit deploy pipeline. Select it and hit the Create Release button. That's how we run the release pipeline. Now hit the create button. Great. The release pipeline is running. Wait until you see the stage one running. It is running now. Now you can go to the deployments tab. You can see stage one running here. Click the stage one and you can see all the jobs. You scroll up and you will see some jobs marked with green as they are completed. We still have the last job running, but this one is an integration test so it is going to take some time. Now. If you want, you can go to your QA environment. Here I am. Come to the workspace and shared folder. Do you see all your notebooks? They are deployed. Come to the workflow tab. And you will see one test job. Go to job runs and you can see your test job status. Your build pipeline is waiting for this test job to be completed. Once it is complete, you will see the release pipeline marked with green status. And that is all. So we learn to create, build, pipeline and release pipelines. We also created a pull request and saw it in action. Then we executed our release pipeline and saw the automated deployment and integration testing. And that's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.