In this lesson, I'm going to walk you through the data that we are going to use for this project. First, I'll walk you through the source of the data, followed by the entity relationship diagram and also the type of the files that we are going to deal with. Just so we can make the learning interesting. I've chosen the project to be based around a sport which is Formula One motor racing. I appreciate that. Not everyone's going to be familiar with Formula One. And also this might not be your first choice when it comes to picking a sport. I'll take you through all the key concepts in simple terms so you can understand the data better and enjoy doing the project. Similar to an IPL cricket English Premier League football or NFL Formula One season happens once a year, roughly over 20 races. Each race happens over a weekend. Let's now see who participates in a race. Obviously there are various race circuits. Usually there is only one race in a circuit each year, but due to the COVID outbreak in 2020, there were more than one race conducted in some of the circuits. There are roughly ten teams that participate in each season and they are also called constructors in Formula One. Each team has two drivers and each driver is assigned a specific car. There are also reserve drivers in each team, but only to participate in races and they are the only two we are going to talk about here. Raceway can spans from Friday to Sunday. There are two practice sessions on a Friday and a final practice session on Saturday morning. They don't count towards any points or achievements, so we won't focus on these. There is a qualifying session on Saturday afternoon and it happens over three different stages. The qualifying results decide the grid position of the driver as to where he'll start the race. The higher the driver qualifies the forward, he gets to start the race, which is a massive advantage. Unlike qualifying sessions, which are decided over a single lap, races span multiple laps, roughly between 50 and 70 laps, depending on the length of the circuit. Also during the race, drivers make pit stops to change the tires or to replace the damaged car. Based on the race results. Drivers and constructors standings are decided. Whichever driver is on the top of the standings at the end of the season is the drivers champion. And similarly, the team that's leading the constructors standings becomes the Constructors champion. Hope this gives you a good understanding about Formula One and the various terminologies used. We're only going to be dealing with the data that's focused on these concepts. Now let's look at where to get the data. There is the third party developer API called Ergaste that makes the data available for all races from 1950 onwards. So let's visit the website and explore it a bit further. In order to get to the documentation, visit the url.com mid here. And from here you can look at things like terms and conditions of use and the API documentation itself. And also if we didn't want to use the API, we can look at the manual interface or even download the data in a CSV format. So let's start with the terms and conditions. So as you can see here, you can use this API for personal non commercial applications and services, including educational and research purposes. So we are okay to use this data from this API or from this website for our educational purposes. So let's get back to the main page. As I said before, you've got the API documentation here and also there is a manual interface, but we are going to be downloading the database tables in CSV format. So let's visit that one. And as you can see here on this page, there are quite a bit of information, but this zip file contains all the data in a CSV format. So that includes all the race data starting from 1950 onwards up to now, like last week. Uh, so this is the data. I've already downloaded the data for you, so don't worry about downloading the data again. Uh, but there are a couple of important things here. So we got the entity relationship diagram as well as the database user guide. So let's start with the entity relationship diagram. This would be quite familiar for you now because we went through the nature of Formula One and the different entities you will find within Formula One. So as we said before, we got a table here to represent the season. The season is a yearly season. That's why a year is a primary key in here. And within a season you've got roughly about 20 races. So each race would be recorded here on this table. And race normally happens in a circuit. There are a number of circuits around the world in various countries, and some countries have got multiple race circuits as well. And from a race you've got the qualifying that happens on a Saturday to identify which driver starts at what position for the race. So you've got the qualifying, as I said, actually qualifying happens over three stages. So you've got Q1, Q2, Q3. You don't have to worry too much about these things. And for a race also we got results, but the results relate to a driver because the driver is driving a car. So you've got the race results, even though this is called results that relates to the race. So that is race results. So on the race results, you've got the race ID related to the race and you've got the driver ID related to which driver result this relates to. And then the constructor, which is the team for which the driver is driving as well. And as we said before, within a race, you've got one or more pit stops that could be two stop to change the tire or to repair a damaged car. And also, as we said, there are between about 50 and 70 laps in each of the race. And the lap times for each of the laps is recorded here as well. And on this side you've got the similar to the race results for the driver. You've got the constructor results as well. That is basically adding up the results from both of the drivers for a team and then making up the points here. So for example, if Driver one scored 25 points and the driver two scored ten points, this would say for the constructor, the total points is 35 and you've got status field here. That's just a simple lookup. So this tells you whether a driver has finished the race or disqualified or he crashed in a race or that kind of information. You've got numeric number here. So that's a digit. So maybe, for example, one in here indicates that driver has finished the race. So these two tables here, drivers standings and constructors standings tells you what position the driver or the constructors is within a season. So you've got the position and the position. Take the text and then you've got bins. So a number of bins within a season and similarly you've got position and position text as well as the number of bins for a constructor as well. That's everything about the entity relationship diagram here. It is quite simple. I hope you get it. But if not, you can look at the data to understand it a bit better. And also when we process the data we'll go through each one of these tables in a bit more detail as well. So let's get back to the database images page again. And the other thing I talked about is the database user guide. So let's open that one up. And that basically has got details about each of the attributes or columns within a table. So, for example, on a circular table, you got these many columns and these are the data types. And this one, for example, is the primary key, and there is a description for each one of them as well. So you can read through this one to understand the data better as well. But as I said before, I'll walk you through the data as we go through the project. That's everything about the data I wanted to talk about. So let's now switch back to the presentation and I'll take you from there. As you saw, there are 12 files that we can download from the Ergaste API, but out of the 12 files we are going to be processing just the eight files listed here as part of our project. As I said, all the files downloaded via CSV files, but I have converted them, as you see here in different formats so that I can show you how to deal with different file types. I've left the top two, which is the circuits and racist files as CSV files. I've converted the constructors and results to a single line JSON files with simple structure. Drivers file is also a single line json, but it has a nested object in it. Pitstops will have multi-line JSON lap times and qualifying have been split into multiple files and they are CSV and multi-line JSON respectively. Hope you have an understanding about what kind of data we are going to be dealing with and what type of files we are going to be dealing with. We will delve deeper into each one of these files when we come to process them. But that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.