Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to upload the Formula1 data that's required for the project into our Data Lake. For the benefit of the students, I've already made this data available as resources to this lesson, as a single compressed file with a .zip extension. So please download the zip file attached to this lesson into your computer first. I have already downloaded the raw.zip file into my downloads folder. Let me uncompress that. And as you can see here, it creates a folder called raw and that contains all the data that we need for our project. Within this raw folder, there are six files and two folders. Amongst the six files, a couple of them are CSV files and the others are JSON files. The two folders here relate to the split files that we talked about. Let's take a look at the lap times folder. And as you can see here, it has five smaller files, each containing around three megabytes of data. These five files make up the full set of lap times data. Similarly, qualifying has two split JSON files. We need to manually upload all of this data into our Data Lake container raw. So let's switch over to the Azure Storage Explorer and start the upload. Here we are in the Storage Explorer and that's my subscription Pay As You Go that I'm working on. And let me expand the storage accounts and we want to upload the files into our formula1dl storage account. So let me expand that and let me expand the Blob containers as well. As you can see, that's listed the four containers that we created, which are demo, presentation, processed and raw. We want to upload the data into raw, so let's select that, and come over to Upload. And as you can see, we got two options. One is to upload the folders and the other one is to upload the files. In our case we got the six individual files and the two folders to upload. Let's start with the files. So I'm going to select Upload Files from here and let's click on the Select Files here, and that gives you the option to select the files from our workstation. So I've got the files here, which are circuits, constructors, drivers, pit_stops races and results. I've selected all six of those, and I'm going to click Open and let's click Upload to upload the files. And as you can see at the bottom here, it's showing the progress of the upload. It's currently transferring the data from my laptop into the Azure Blob storage and it's already done that and that has listed these six files here for us. Let's now look at uploading the two folders that we've got. So in order to do that again, come over to the upload button and click on the dropdown and select Upload Folder. And again click here to select the folder and pick the folder you want to upload. So when you come to upload folders, you can only select one of them at a time. So let's go with the lap times first and click Open and I'm going to click Upload from here as well. And the transfer is currently happening. While that's happening, we can do the other one as well. So I'm going to go to Upload Folder again and I'm going to select my qualifying folder and let's click Open and click Upload. So that's also uploaded. Now you can see the status of the transfers here at the bottom pane. And as you can see here, we've got the two folders and the six files. And if you go into the folders, you will see the files within the folder as well. As you can see, the qualifying folder has got the two split files that we talked about, and the lap times will have the five files that we need. So with that, we've successfully uploaded the data that we need for our project into our raw containers. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.