Now that we understand the data, let's look at the project requirements. Let's start with the requirements for ingesting data. We want to ingest all of the eight files we talked about spanning various formats. The data ingested into our Data Lake should confirm to the following requirements. We should apply the right schema to the data, including column names, data types, etc. We should add some audit columns such as ingested date and the source, from where the data has been received. The ingested data must be stored in columnar format, i.e. Parquet files. The data ingested should be available for all kind of workloads such as machine learning, further transformation for reporting and also analytical workloads via SQL. The data ingestion logic must be able to handle incremental data, i.e. if we receive the data for just one race, it should append the data in the lake rather than replacing all data in the lake. Let's now look at the requirements for transformation. We need a table which provides the data joined from key data items that are required for our reporting. For example, data from races and results are combined into one dataset or a table, so that we can produce BI reports from this table. Similarly, we need tables and datasets with the data joined up to satisfy the analytical requirements. Similar to the ingestion tables, we also need audit columns in our transformed tables too. Transformed data should be available for all workloads such as machine learning, BI reporting and SQL analytics. And similar to the ingested data, transformed data should also be stored in columnar format, in this case as parquet files. Finally, transformation logic should also be able to handle incremental data, similar to the ingestion requirements. So if we have received data for only one race, the data pipelines will only reaggregate the affected data and it will leave the other data as is. We also have a couple of BI reporting requirements. We want to produce Driver standings as well as Constructor standings for the current race year, as well as every year from 1950 onwards. The reports will have a defined list of data items that we'll discuss later. We have a set of analytical requirements too. We want to find out the most dominant drivers and the teams over the last decade, as well as all time in Formula1. We then want to rank them in the order of their dominance. We also want to create various visualizations to see the period in which the driver or the teams were dominant, as well as their level of performance and the dominance. We also want to create dashboards from these outcomes so that they can be shared with others. These dashboards will have to be created in Azure Databricks. Finally, let's go through some non-functional requirements. We want to schedule the pipelines to run at 10 p.m. every Sunday. If there is a race that weekend, the pipelines should process the data. Otherwise they should finish without failures. We want to have the ability to monitor the status of the pipeline executions, re-run failed pipelines as well as, we want to have the ability to set up alerts on failures. Apart from the scheduling requirements, we have some more non-functional requirements, such as being able to delete individual records from the Data Lake to satisfy user privacy legislations such as GDPR. We want to be able to see the history of the data and ability to query the data based on time, which is time travel. Also, we want to be able to roll back the data in the Data Lake to a previous version, in cases of issues with the data in the current state. So these are the primary requirements for our project. In the next lesson, we look at a Solution Architecture, which could be used to satisfy these requirements.