Now that we understand the project requirements, let's look at the Architecture for our Solution. As we discussed, I have already exported the data from the Ergast website and prepared it for you. We import this data manually into our Data Lake raw container. We're doing a manual import here, because the data I have set up is to give you the opportunity to learn about more data types as well as different design patterns such as full load, incremental load, etc.. Moreover, the main focus of the course is Azure Databricks rather than the Data Integration tools. If you are developing a project for your company, you will be using an automated solution, such as Azure Data Factory Pipeline to get this data at regular intervals directly from the Ergast API. But we have used a manual approach here for the reasons I just described. We'll then take this data and process using Databricks Notebooks to ingest into the ingested or the processed layer. The data in this layer will have the schema applied as well as stored in the columnar format parquet. We'll also create partitions where applicable, as well as add additional information for audit purposes such as ingested date, source of the data, etc.. We'll do all of this and store the data in parquet initially and convert them to Delta Lake in a later section specifically focused on Delta Lake. This is so that, we can satisfy our other requirements around GDPR, time travel, etc.. Delta Lake provides all of these out of the box, but I will take you through those in the Delta Lake section. Ingested data will then be transformed via Azure Databricks notebooks again, and the results are stored in the presentation layer. Similar to the ingested data, the transformed data is initially created in parquet format, but as part of the Delta Lake section, we will discuss the pitfalls of Data Lake and the benefits brought by Delta Lakes. In that section, we'll also convert all of the notebooks to produce data in Delta Lake. We'll then use Databricks notebooks to analyze the data and create dashboards to satisfy the requirements for our analysis. These notebooks will use the data from both the ingested layer as well as the presentation layer. I'll do a quick overview on how to use Power BI to connect to the Delta Lake and create BI reports. As I said, Databricks is the main focus of this course, so Power BI will be covered only at a very high level. We also want to build this project to a production quality. That means we need some kind of scheduling and monitoring required to keep the pipelines running at regular basis without any manual intervention. Also, we should be notified if there are any issues. First, we'll look at the jobs provided by Databricks itself to satisfy these requirements. And then we'll look at the limitations of Databricks jobs and how we can use Azure Data Factory to bring together more efficiently. So Azure Data Factory will be the scheduling solution for this project. Again, ADF is not the main focus of this course and it will take a full course just to learn ADF. But we will cover everything that's required to implement our pipelines for this project. So that would be about an hour long section where I'll take you through ADF and how to use that to implement the scheduling solution for our pipeline. So this is the architecture and the design pattern, we are going to implement. As you can imagine, this architecture is one of the many solutions we could have designed. So I don't want to just prescribe a solution, I want you to have the tools to identify a solution yourself when you have a different scenario. So let me take you through the research I did before designing this solution. I generally look at the architecture solution ideas from the documentation or company blogs. Both Microsoft and Databricks have plenty of solutions for us to help. The solution I proposed previously is heavily based on this solution from Microsoft Docs, which is available on the URL at the bottom of this screen. Microsoft included this architecture in the documentation, based on the data solution implemented by one of their clients, Swiss Reinsurance. This solution gets a real time events via Event Hub and regular batch data from Azure Data Factory. That data is then processed by Spark on Databricks. The data goes through the layers bronze, silver and gold. The data is available for all workloads, including machine learning using Azure ML, BI reporting via Power BI and also for export to Azure Synapse Analytics and then further reported via Power BI. This solution also uses the tools at the bottom for monitoring and governance. We'll also use some of these tools and here, if you look apart from the Azure event hubs, which is dealing with the near real time data, our solution pretty much resembles this solution. I took the Solution Architecture and focused mainly on the Azure Databricks section for this course. So once I did this, I looked at this architecture from Databricks Blog. As you can see, we're using similar layers to store our data. Bronze stores the raw data, and we call it the raw layer. Silver stores the data filtered, cleansed and augmented. We call this as our Processed or the Ingested data. And finally, gold stores the highly aggregated data with key business level information. We call this as the presentation layer. The idea is that when you go through the layers, when you go from left to right, the quality of the data improves and the business value of the data also increases. So having shown you the two architectures from Databricks and Microsoft, I hope I've demonstrated how I generally go about doing my research to build data pipelines using the learnings from industry experts. So that I don't have to start from scratch, and I've got a good ground to start my project from. But before we finish, I would like to show the Microsoft page where you can find more solution ideas. Let's switch to the Microsoft Docs and I'll take you through that. Here we are in docs.microsoft.com/azure architecture. So this is the Azure Architecture Center, where you can find plenty of resources which will help you identify solution architectures and design your data solutions. So the thing you can do is you can go to browse Azure Architectures and then search for what you want. And also you can go through the other documentation here. I'm going to go into the Browse Azure Architectures and look for what we need. So as you can see here, you can do the filters based on the products or the categories. For example, if you're looking for AI and Machine Learning Architectures, then you would click on that and that will give you the architectures for AI and machine learning and you can do further searches as well. So I'm going to take that off, but instead I'm going to just simply search for Azure Databricks and that will give me the architectures available within the Microsoft documentation, which uses Databricks. So as you can see, some of these are quite close to what we've done. So this one here is very close to what we have defined for our Solution Architecture. And the one I showed you in the presentation previously is, this one here. And you can go into one of those and read more about the project or the solution being talked about here. For example, this one, as I said, has come from the Swiss Reinsurance Group, and this is how they designed the solution. So there will be more information that you can read from here as well. And the other place where you can look for more information is Databricks Blog as I said, so you can go into the Company Blog, for example, this blog here, how to accelerate your ETL pipelines from 18 hours to as fast as 5 minutes with Azure Databricks, talks about some architectures here, this is from August 2020. I always look for the dates because the technology is evolving so quickly, you don't want to be looking at a solution which was suggested like a couple of years ago. You want to look at something more recent. So here, as you can see there will be a couple of diagrams and the solutions are being suggested. Again, in this case we got Databricks to do Prep and Train and Data Factory to Ingest data and Data Lake to store our data and Power BI for Reporting and all of those. So the architectures are pretty similar. And it talks about more things here as well. So similarly, you can come into the blog, do your research, find out more architectures and design patterns you want to do, if you are interested. I hope you've got a good understanding about the Architecture we are going to use for our project as well as, you know how to do your own research to come up with a Solution Architecture for your projects in the future. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.