So now let's talk about Amazon Q Business. So Amazon Q Business is a fully managed Gen-AI assistant for your employees. What does that mean? Well, we have an assistant, but it's based entirely on your company's knowledge and data. So here, this is a very specific use case where Gen-AI is for your company and it's trained on your internal data. So for example, what can you ask Amazon Q Business? Well, you can say, "Write a job posting for a senior product manager role", where we have of course, this role being very relevant to whatever our company is doing, or "Create a social media post under 50 words to advertise the new role". Or for example, "What was discussed during the team meeting in the week of the 4/12?" And so of course, all of this cannot be answered by a general foundation model. It needs to be a model that has been trained on your own internal data with the right security, of course. So as a whole, Amazon Q Business can answer questions, provide summaries, and generate content and automate tasks, as well as perform routine actions such as, for example, doing stuff such as submitting time-off request or sending meeting invites. Behind the scene Amazon Q Business is built on Amazon Bedrock, but we have less control so we cannot choose what is the underlying foundation model. And actually Amazon Q Business is built on multiple foundation model from Amazon Bedrock. So this is a service, that's a little bit higher level, geared toward a very specific use case of using and exposing your company internal data from an LLM Gen-AI perspective. So here's an example, we're saying what is the annual total out of pocket maximum mentioned in the health plan summary? So this is for our company, we're in the medical space and we have a company document, a PDF, that has the very answer. And so Amazon Q Business is able to look up that document, look at what the document says, and then re give us the answer in our chat, similar to RAG of course. And then of course we will have a sources section where we say, hey, the sources of this is the health plan PDF document, and you can click on it and find it right away. So let's have a look at a diagram to better understand Amazon Q Business. So here it is, we have first some data connectors. So data connectors are fully managed RAG, and you can connect to over 40 popular enterprise data sources. So you don't have to learn about them all, but it's good to see some of them. So we have Amazon S3, where we can store data files onto AWS, it's a very popular service. We have Amazon RDS, it's a database service, we have Aurora, another database service, and WorkDocs, a service used specifically for documents on AWS. And then we have non AWS services, such as Microsoft 365, Salesforce, Google Drive, Gmail, Slack, SharePoint, et cetera, et cetera. And the idea is that Amazon Q Business will have built-in integrations with these services. And then once the integration is made, then it will crawl these sources and do what is supposed to do to allow you to search them and query them. Next, we have also plugins. So before data connectors was about retrieving data and understanding what is the knowledge inside of our company, but next we have plugins. And plugins allow Amazon Q Business to actually interact with third party services. For example, we have Jira, ServiceNow, Zendesk, Salesforce, et cetera, et cetera. And the idea is that, for example, if we say to Amazon Q Business, "Hey, create a Jira issue", this is to create a ticket so we can track a problem in our company, then Amazon Q Business will leverage the plugin and automatically create that Jira issue for us. So on top of reading data, Amazon Q Business has the ability to create and move data in your company as well. And you can extend it because you can create custom plugins to connect to any third party application using APIs. Now, how do we access Amazon Q Business? Well, our users are going to be authenticated through something called IAM Identity Center. So IAM Identity Center is a way for users to log in and we'll see how, and then once user are logged in, then they will only have access to the documents they should have access to. So by using your whole company data with Amazon Q Business, you still have the certainty that someone with less privilege will not be able to access all your documents, otherwise that would be of course a big security risks. Here we have IAM Identity Center, and our users are going to log into it by just having a sign in box where you enter a username and a password and you're good to go. And then you have what's called an authenticated user with its own permissions because IAM Identity Center knows what the user is able to access or not. And then the user can ask questions to Amazon Q Business, which is a web application, and of course access only the documents it should have access to. On top of it, you can integrate IAM Identity Center with what's called External Identity Providers or IDP. And it could be, for example, a Google login or a Microsoft Active directory and so on. And so that means that instead of logging in and getting an AWS based sign in page, you're going to log in with a system where users are already created. For example, it could be your active directory where you have your Microsoft login, or it could be your Google login, for example, if you're using the G Suite type of workspace for your company. So this is very handy and it's really going hand in hand with whatever security systems you have in place in your company. Next we have admin controls. So these are controls used to customize responses based on what your organization needs. So admin controls are pretty much the exact same thing as Guardrails in Amazon Bedrock. So for example, if we have a blocked topic such as gaming consoles, and our employee's asking, "Hey, how can I configure a brand new Nintendo Switch?" Then you're going to use the Amazon Q Business is going to say, "Well, this is a restricted topic", so we can block specific words or topics, and we can also choose for Amazon Q to respond only with internal information versus using also external knowledge. So if we specify it to only use internal information, then only your company documents will be used to respond to a query. If not, then we have access to the broader knowledge of the foundation model. You can also make sure to set up these admin controls, either on the global control, global level, that means for all type of topics and all type of subjects. Or you can set up some more specifically at a topic level so you have more specific admin controls, but they're the same as just at what level do you want to apply them? So that's it for Amazon Q Business, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.