So what's the big deal about serverless processing of your code? Why not just run it on a server? Well, I mean, even though Lambda is still running on servers under the hood, they're not servers that you manage, and that's a big deal. So Amazon has people with pagers to keep those servers working and dealing with all the patches and monitoring and hardware failures and stuff. So you don't have to you don't think about that at all when you're running AWS Lambda. All you think about is the code that you have running on it. And yes, even though individual servers can be cheap, scaling those servers out can get very expensive very fast. And if you scale out a fleet to run your function to manage your peak capacity, you're going to end up paying for a lot of processing time that you're not even using when you're off peak. With Lambda, you only pay for the processing time that you're actually consuming, so that can be huge from a cost savings standpoint. And although it's not so big of a deal in the big data world, if you're dealing with something like a serverless website, it does make it easier to split up your development between front end development and back end development. So while the back end work can happen in your Lambda functions, while your front end developers worry about all the static stuff on the front end client website. So there are several main uses of lambda. One is real time file processing. So as new data is coming into S3 or some other destination within AWS, Lambda can be triggered and actually process that file however you want to. And that can include doing some rudimentary ETL that's extract, transform and load. So Lambda is just code. You can do whatever you want in there. And that includes doing ETL on incoming data. You can also do real time stream processing. As we discussed, just listening for new events coming in on a Kinesis Stream or Kinesis Firehose stream. You can also use Lambda as a cron replacement. And this is interesting. You can use time as a trigger for lambda function as well. So just like you can trigger events using cron on a Linux system, you can trigger off lambda events on some fixed schedule as well. So if you need something to happen once a day or once an hour or once a minute or whatever schedule you want, you can actually set that up to call your Lambda function periodically, and that might come in handy for kicking off daily batch jobs of something or something like that. And also it can process arbitrary events from AWS services. And as we'll see, there's a very long list of AWS services that can generate triggers to Lambda. Pretty much any language you want to develop in is supported by Lambda, which is great. Node.js, Python, Java C sharp. Go, PowerShell, Ruby. So you can process data and do whatever you want with it in pretty much whatever language you want. And this is huge, because it means that any system that has an interface in any of these languages is fair game for your Lambda code. So remember lambdas code and with code anything is possible. So you don't have to just limit yourself to serving as a glue or a transformation between different AWS services. You could actually talk to other services outside of AWS if you want, or other libraries even that might enable you to perform more interesting transformations on that data. So really, you can use your imagination when you're using Lambda to do a lot of different stuff. It really makes a lot of things possible, all without managing servers in the process, which is awesome. Now, if you are using Lambda to serve as sort of the glue between AWS services, there's a long list of services here that actually trigger Lambda events for you. So any of these services can fire off triggers to Lambda functions whenever something interesting happens from these services. And this is just a partial list of them guys. So also Alexa. And there's also manual invocation you can do with Lambda functions as well. Let's call out a few of the more common ones that are relevant to big data though. And that would be S3, Kinesis, DynamoDB, SNS and SQS and IoT. So you can integrate Lambda with S3. So whenever a predefined thing happens to an object within S3 that can act as an event data that will invoke a lambda function. So for example a new object gets created in S3. You might have a lambda trigger that picks up the creation of that object, turns around, parses out that information, and sticks it in redshift or something. Same story with DynamoDB. Every time something is changed in DynamoDB table, that can trigger event data that invokes a Lambda function as well, and that allows for real time, event driven data processing for the data arriving in DynamoDB tables, you can integrate Lambda with Kinesis Streams, and then the lambda function can read records from a stream and be processed accordingly. Now, under the hood, Lambda is actually polling the Kinesis stream. The stream is not pushing data into lambda. That can be a important distinction in some contexts there. So remember when you have Kinesis streams, talking to Lambda Kinesis isn't actually pushing that data into lambda as the architectural diagrams might suggest. Lambda actually pulls that stream periodically and collects information from it in a batch manner. You can also integrate Lambda with IoT, so when some device starts sending data to the IoT service, that can then invoke Lambda and process it accordingly as defined in your Lambda function, and it integrates with Kinesis Firehose. In that case, Lambda can transform the data and deliver that transformed data to S3 or Redshift or Elasticsearch or whatever you want. It can output to pretty much anything, because you can write code to do what you want. In response to these triggers. All AWS services have APIs you can call. So really, the sky's the limit as to what you can call downstream from your Lambda function. You can do anything you want. These are just the ones that can trigger a lambda function for you automatically.