So here's one interesting way in which you might use Lambda to connect S3 with Amazon OpenSearch service. OpenSearch is basically Amazon's version of Elasticsearch. Why? It's called something different and why it branched off is a longer story. We'll talk about OpenSearch in more detail later on in the course, but the thing you need to know about OpenSearch for now is just that it's a well, it's a search engine, right? But it can also be repurposed as like an analytics engine as well. So it's just a way to ingest a bunch of information, be it textual or numeric, and search and query that data in interesting ways and also visualize it. So a common use case would be something like building your own homegrown version of Google Analytics. You can feed in a bunch of log data, for example, that might be getting dumped into a data lake in S3, and maybe you want to visualize that log data to see what the trends are in the server, latency or the number of errors being reported or things like that. So the thing is, you can't directly tie an S3 data lake to Amazon OpenSearch service. You need something in between. In Lambda in this case would be that glue. So the way this would work is you would be dumping data from your logs into S3 through Kinesis Firehose or whatever mechanism you want. And when that data is dumped in there, lambda can be automatically triggered to process that new data. So S3 can say lambda. I got some new data for you. My lambda function can then ingest that data from S3. Transform it. However, I need to change its data types structured in the way that OpenSearch expects, and then turn around and feed that information in near real time to Amazon OpenSearch service. From there, I can use OpenSearch tools to visualize that data, to query it, do whatever I want. So that's one useful application of lambda serving as the glue between other services. In this case, log data in S3 and a visualization and search tool in Amazon OpenSearch service. Another example of using Lambda would be with the data pipeline. So data pipeline again is AWS method of chaining together a process for processing and importing and analyzing your data into a pipeline of data. So the idea here is that again, you might want to do this on demand as new data is received. Now normally with data pipeline you schedule these pipelines so that you can set up a precondition that checks to see if new data is present in S3 before it kicks off. But it's still going to be running on a regular schedule normally. But by using Lambda, you can kick that off on demand. So if you have new data being received in S3 and you don't know when it's going to come in, it's not coming in on some regular schedule. Using Lambda might make sense. The way this would work is, again, you'd have S3 send off a trigger to Lambda when new data is received. Lambda would then turn around and kick off that data pipeline once that data comes in. So in that way, you can process the data as soon as it's received instead of on some regular schedule that you define ahead of time. It can also be used with redshift and Redshift, again, is Amazon's data warehouse product and a big focus of the exam. Now, the best practice for loading data into redshift is using the copy command. You know, basically a command to say go copy data from here and put it in redshift. But again, if you need to respond to new data that can show up at any time, you might want to use AWS Lambda to do that automatically when that new data comes in. So again, the the idea would be that S3 would trigger Lambda whenever new data arrives. And then that could turn around and load that new data into redshift. Now, the problem here is that Lambda is a stateless service. It can't keep track of where you left off by itself. So how do you how does Lambda know where to pick up and where to leave off of when it's importing data from S3 into redshift? Well, in order to do that, you need to use something like DynamoDB to store where you left off. So again, because AWS is stateless in and of itself, if you have persistent state that you need to maintain, such as where did I leave off on importing this data, you're going to have to tie into something like DynamoDB to keep track of that. So the idea here is DynamoDB would keep track of the files that have already been loaded when it was loaded, and to which table, and that data would be used to batch up new files and copy them together using the copy command into redshift. Lambda can also be used with Kinesis. And we've seen this before. So let's say you have Kinesis streaming data going on. Now your Lambda code will receive an event with a batch of stream records coming in, and you can specify the batch size when you do that up to 10,000 records. Now this seems straightforward enough. You know, streaming data comes into Lambda. You can pipe it out into Amazon Kinesis and further processing happens. But there's a lot of little gotchas that can happen along the way. And a big focus of the exam. They love to throw these scenarios at you, where something goes horribly wrong in your application, and you have to figure out the best way to to fix it. So these little details can be very important. So you need to realize that if your batch size for streaming data is too large, that could cause your Lambda service to time out. Now there is an upper limit on how long a Lambda function can run for. By default it's 900 seconds maximum, but that could be configured to be even lower. So if your Lambda function takes too much time to process that batch of streaming data, it could fail. And that would cause a timeout, which will cause the whole system to back up. So that can be one source of errors. Now batches can also be split beyond lambdas payload limit. So in addition to a timeout limit there's also a payload limit of six megabytes. So you would have to take special steps to make sure that your batches are split. If they do exceed six megabytes in data. That's another potential thing to look out for. Another thing to be aware of is that Lambda will automatically retry a batch of streaming data until it succeeds, or until the data expires. That sounds like a great feature, but it can also cause problems. So if you're not handling errors properly, that could actually stall the entire shard. And that would be another failure mode that you need to be aware of. What happens if that's the case? Well, using more shards can help clear that case up. That way you can make sure that your processing isn't totally held up by errors when they're encountered. So if you do have a scenario where, uh, your batch keeps getting retried and an error keeps getting hit and that's stalling your entire pipeline, using more shards is probably one way of fixing that error. Also, remember that lambda processes shard data synchronously. It's not going to be splitting that data up and processing it in parallel. So you do need to take care about thinking about your batch size, how much data you're sending through in a single batch, and making sure that that's something that a synchronously processed lambda function can get through within a short amount of time.