So why are we talking about Lambda? Well, Lambda has a lot of integration points potentially with bedrock and generative AI and AWS, which is why we're talking about it. So kind of the primary role of Lambda with bedrock is as the glue between bedrock agents and their tools. So lambda is where you can write the code not just to make sure that the requests are well formed, but also to perform any parameter validation or error handling that might be necessary. Also, one use of lambda functions would be to call foundation models itself. So a lambda function could be sort of an interface between an application and bedrock. And maybe that's a way of abstracting away which model you're using. And because it's calling bedrock, which is serverless, that means it can invoke foundation models without provisioning capacity and worrying about all that stuff. So you can actually do that from a lambda function. Also, lambda functions might be used in the context of receiving webhooks with integrations with larger enterprise systems. So maybe you have some data source in your enterprise or externally. Even that fires off a webhook event when new data is available. Maybe your Lambda function is what receives that, and then kicks off a process to ingest that data into a bedrock knowledge base or something. Also, if you're using API gateway in front of your larger AI system, that might include bedrock. Well, that API data has to go somewhere. Often that's a Lambda function to actually accept those JSON events from the API gateway and do something more interesting with them. And one other thing you might be using Lambda for within the context of generative AI is for custom aggregation logic. And I'm talking about aggregating results from more than one model potentially. So you could imagine a world where you're not just calling one bedrock model, you're calling multiple foundation models and letting them all kind of vote on the correct response. Or maybe you're doing a weighted average of their responses and returning that as the final answer. Obviously, that gets expensive. You know, calling more than one model every time is gonna add up fast. But if that's what you want to do for the maximum quality or just for resiliency, that might make sense as well.