All right. So we've talked about API gateway in a general sense about how it works for multiple applications or any application really. But how does it pertain specifically to generative AI applications. Let's go there. So there are many ways API gateway might show up around your AI application in AWS. One would be a front for feedback collection. So we've talked about this a few times. The idea that you want to collect feedback from the human users of your system, because a lot of times, how good a generative AI system is is kind of subjective. So you need some sort of a mechanism for humans to tell you, was this good or not? And well, that has to talk to the internet and have an API somewhere. And that's where the API gateway might come in as the sort of front end to that human feedback collection mechanism for gathering data on whether your app is good or not. And of course, it can be a front for your models as well. You can't just call bedrock directly from some external application. It's gonna have to go through something. That something is probably API gateway. You can also use API gateway usage plans to manage the traffic to your underlying models. So based on your model capacity, you know how much traffic you can handle based on your current quotas and also your client requirements. You can figure out how much is the expected amount of traffic. So you could do things like throttle clients if they're giving you too much data. Maybe it's a bot, you know. So throttling it like 10 to 50 requests per second might be a reasonable thing to set up. You can also set up burst capacity 2 to 3 times is a reasonable starting point there. You can also use it for response filtering. So you know we talked about guardrails and token level redaction. Maybe eight API gateway is your last line of defense there. You can also implement retry strategies. So if your model is timing out and you want to retry it and see if it comes back to life, well you can manage that logic in the API gateway as well. It can also be a mechanism for token limit management. So if you want to make sure that the prompts coming into your system aren't, you know, gigabytes in length, you can use the API gateway to enforce those limits. You can set up a request validator together with the appropriate JSON schema definition to enforce constraints like that. Also, it can be used for implementing routing logic with request transformation. So, you know, maybe the API gateway can start the process of figuring out which model to route a request to if it has the necessary information to do so at that layer. And it can also be used to validate the required fields that are coming into your system, of course. So if your model expects a certain set of inputs or the larger application around your model does. This is a place where you can validate that right up front.