Let's go into a little bit more depth on AWS Step Functions, because this is a very powerful orchestration tool and it's extremely relevant to data engineering. So you can expect a lot of questions on this in the exam. First some terminology. So the workflow that you're defining in your step functions is called a state machine. That's just a fancy way of saying we have some system that defines a bunch of states that your data pipeline might be in, and it moves between those states somehow based on some criteria, right? Every step in that workflow is called a state because it's part of a state machine. Right. That's it. Just some terminology, just some words. However, there are many different types of states that you can use with AWS step functions. So it is important to know these. The most useful one is the task state. So that is a state within your step function state machine that does something right. Maybe it kicks off a lambda function. Maybe it kicks off some other AWS service to transform your data, or move it around, or load it or whatever it needs to do. Maybe it even talks to third party APIs to do something external to AWS. In any case, that's a task node. It's performing some sort of real operation on your data as you go. There's also a choice state, and this adds conditional logic through choice rules. These can be things like comparisons. You know, if my data is bigger than this amount, maybe I do something special with it. If this data contains PII or something, maybe I do something special with it. Right? So choice states are just a opportunity to apply conditional logic. There's also a wait state that can be used to delay the state machine for some specific amount of time. If you, just for whatever reason, want to give things time to catch up. Kind of a hacky way to do it, but you can bake in a time delay into your step functions as well with a wait state. There's also the parallel state, and this allows you to do separate things in parallel and separate branches of execution. So a parallel state isn't well it's kind of a blurry concept of state right. It's really saying I'm going to create many states running in parallel at this point going on so I can have different things happening at the same time once I hit a parallel state. Now there's also the map state, so this can get confusing. This is something you should probably remember. So a map is also run in parallel. But it says I'm going to run this following set of steps for each item in a data set in parallel. So this is especially relevant to data engineering because it's specifically made for operating on data. It's going to be able to work with JSON files, S3 objects, CSV files, whatever you might have, but it's going to take a set of steps and apply those to that data set in parallel. So remember a map operation will split things up into parallel processing on your data, just like Apache Spark might or anything else. And it will run in parallel without needing a separate parallel state in front of it. It's a parallel implicitly. Okay, so a little bit of confusing there. Between parallel and map states. They're parallel is used for kicking off separate branches within your state machine that can do whatever. But Map is specifically about operating on your data in a parallel way. Finally, there's paths. Succeed and fail. Pass just passes your data along to the next step. It's usually just used for debugging. Succeed and fail or where you're going to end up. So once you're done with your state machine, you'll either succeed with that state machine or fail. And that's how you kind of wrap things up. So that's step functions in a bit more detail there. Do you remember what the valid types of states are and what they do? It might come in handy.