Something that's mentioned a couple of times in the Amazon prep materials for this exam is the circuit breaker pattern for step functions. It's not built into step functions, but it's a pattern you can use. And it sounds fancy, but it's actually pretty simple. The idea is just that we maintain a state for a service someplace, in this case in DynamoDB. And if we find that that service is currently available, then our circuit is closed. We can access that service. However, the service is unavailable if it's timing out and failing, we mark that as being unavailable, and we then open the circuit so that we don't actually try to hit that service. And you can see the diagram of what this looks like conceptually pretty close to what it looks like in step functions as well. So when we go to access some sort of a service, we first check its circuit status through a lambda function, which in turn hits DynamoDB. That keeps track of it. If that circuit is closed, we proceed to go ahead and execute that through Lambda with whatever service that it is that we're testing against. If that succeeds, then we are done. However, if it's failing, if it's timing out, then we say, oh no, something's wrong with my downstream service. I'm going to update the status to be broken. And now the next time I try to call that service, I'm going to check from Lambda. It's going to say, nope, it's broken. We're going to fail. And you know, there needs to also be some mechanism to make it marked as not failing anymore. Uh, that's kind of not in this diagram, but that's the general idea. You know, we just keep the state of a service someplace. We query that state before we try to actually use a service. And you can implement this with step functions, Lambda and DynamoDB. But there needs to be some sort of a mechanism to detect when it's functional. Again, to update that back to being a closed circuit. And this is something you can do in step functions with a very similar scenario. Why is that relevant to AI? Well, it's one potential mechanism for routing requests to a fallback model if your own model is down. So if that circuit breaker is keeping track of the status of your foundation model, then you can use this pattern to automatically try a different foundation model as a plan B, or enter some sort of degraded service mode that you define in that case. Also, another potential connection with generative AI and step functions is the react pattern. And that's not the mobile app thing, it's reasoning and acting. So it's possible to use step functions to do reasoning. And I'm not really sure why you would do that these days, because most there's plenty of foundation models that can just do this as a built in thing. But if you did want to implement this from scratch on top of a simpler model, step functions could do this. So it can do this sort of cycle here that you see where if I'm trying to do a more complex reasoning task, I can break that up into specific actions and observe what came back as a result of that action, and keep iterating on new actions and new iterations on those results until I finally get the output that I want. So that's a way of actually implementing what we call chain of thought reasoning, potentially within step functions. It can also be used for dynamic routing to specialized foundation models. So depending on what that action is maybe I might send that to a very specific foundation model or a set of tools to accomplish that. Again, there's a better ways of doing that these days. You know, a lot of models do this for you, and a lot of the Agentic AI toolkits would provide better tools for this. But you could, in theory, get step functions to do this too. Also, this can be used for orchestrating model review and approval processes. So you could use step functions to orchestrate the process of evaluating a new model that comes out. And that could be programmatically. It could be through human review, whatever it is. But step functions could define that entire process of what it takes to actually evaluate a new model and approve it before it actually gets deployed into production. So another potential use for step functions with generative AI workflows. A few more things you might find helpful with step functions and AI. First of all, you need to know there's a 256 kilobyte limit between data. You can pass between steps of a step function, and that might not be enough for your application. If that's a problem, one idea is to squirrel some data away in DynamoDB, or maybe S3 in between those steps, so you can store them in one step and retrieve them the next one. Also, there is integration with bedrock from step functions built in the invoke model and create model customization. Job APIs are both supported within step functions, and you can use that for chaining foundation model calls together, which we're going to see shortly. And you can also use that for chaining guardrails together because invoke model also includes guardrails. You can specify as part of that call to. So you can use that for chaining guardrails as well.