So let's practice Amazon SQS. So we are going to go into the SQS console and then create a queue. Now as we can see, we have two types of queue we can set up in SQS. We have the standard queue and the FIFO queue. And I'm going to use standard. And the name is going to be "DemoQueue." We'll see FIFO later on. For configuration, all these things we're going to see in future lectures, so visibility, timeout, delivery delay, the wait time, the retention period. We're going to use four days. And the max size is going to be 256 kilobytes, which is a max allowed in SQS. For encryption, we have several encryption options so we can disable encryption for our queue altogether, but by default we enable it with an Amazon SQS key. It's called SSC SQS type of encryption, which is similar to what we have in Amazon S3 with SSC S3. So that's one option for server side encryption. The other one is to use KMS. And this is where we have to choose the customer master key. So we can choose the default CMK of AWS called the alias/aws/sqs. And then we can define a data key reuse period. That could be five minutes, for example. This is to limit the number of API calls made into KMS. But this is not very important. So let's keep the encryption as Amazon SQS key SSC-SQS. All right, next we have an access policy. And this access policy can be defined using these prompts right here. So we can say, "Hey, who can access this queue?" Well, only the queue owner can send messages, or maybe I wanna specify a list of accounts, users, and roles. And then who can receive, again, is it just me, the key owner? Or specified accounts, users and roles. And this will generate JSON document out of it. And this JSON document, as you can see, looks very similar to what we had in Amazon S3 with Amazon S3 bucket policy. So this is a resource policy for SQS and it works very, very similarly. Now for the redrive and the dead-later queue, we'll see this later on. So right now we're good. Let's go ahead and create our queue. And now the queue is successfully created, so we can go ahead and send and receive messages from it. So we get a lot of different panels in this UI, but what we want to be doing is to go to the top right hand side and click on Send and Receive Messages. So here is a facility for us to send messages, and then in the bottom two receive them. So we can see right now in the queue, we have zero messages available. But if I enter "hello world!" in the message body and then send the message, as you can see, the message is sent, is ready to be received. Now we have a messages available, one. And so in here, as soon as I click on Poll for Messages, the messages will appear. So let's have a look. I click on Poll for Messages. And yes, we did receive that message right here. As we can see, we have a message ID. And if you want to look at the content of the message, I click on the message details and I can have some information. So there's a lot of metadata around that message. For example, the hash of the message, who sent it, how many times we received. So just one time right now because this is the first time we process this message. The size in bytes. And if we go and want to receive the body itself, we can see that whatever I sent before, "hello world," has ended up right here in the message that I just read. If we created attributes for the message, there was a message attributes panel that we didn't look at, we could create key values and read them from here as well. So very simple, what you would expect when you send a message and then read it, you get the exact same message. But we have decoupled because a producer has sent some information and a consumer has received that information. Now we can see that the message has been received twice because we didn't process it in enough time. So after 30 seconds, the the message went back into the queue and we received it again. So if I poll from messages, now the message receive count is three. So it has been read yet again another time. So to be done with this message because say we've processed this "hello world" message, I'm going to click on it, and then I'm going to click on Delete. And by deleting the message from the queue, we have signaled to the SQS queue that the message has been successfully processed, and therefore we have zero messages available in the queue. And if we poll again, we will not receive the same message again because we have deleted it. So you start seeing the power of queues. We could go ahead and send many times different messages, "hello world" and so on, and you can just play with it. And this is how you would set message attributes, but this is out of scope for the exam. And here you would receive these messages and you can receive many messages at times. So if we send "hello world!" we'll send that message again. And "hello world 2" for example, and send that message. And "hello world 3." Whatever you want really in that message. As we can see, as soon as I refresh this window, we can see that the number of messages available is three. And so if I poll for messages, I will get three messages available in here to be processed. And again, you can take them all and delete them to signal to SQS that they have been processed. So fairly easy. But you've seen the power of producers and consumers. Now, back in the queue, just a few options as well we can see. So we can edit this queue to edit all the configurations that we've seen from before. Or you can purge the queue. This will delete all the messages in the queue. And so to delete all the messages, you just need to type "purge," and it will go ahead and remove everything, which is very helpful when you do developments, but I don't think you should do this in production. And then you get some information around monitoring, for example here, which gives you some information around how many messages are in the queue, what's the approximate age of the oldest message, which could be another way to scale your SQS queue if you have an auto-scaling group reading from it and so on. And finally, access policy, which is who can access the queue and how? Encryption, which is the service side encryption we defined for our SQS queue. So for example, we're using SSC SQS right now as our encryption scheme, but we can edit it. And finally, letter queue redrive status, which is relevant if you set up a dead-letter queue. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.