Let's dive a little more deeply into what QuickSight visualizations look like. They do love on the exam questions like given this data set and what you want to get out of it, what kind of visualization would be most appropriate. So let's see what they look like. QuickSight dashboards. We threw this out a few times in the previous lecture. Here's here's what one actually looks like. It's just a snapshot of an analysis. It's read only. So once you make it, it can only be read. It's meant for other people to look at and get a snapshot of how things are. Once it's created, you can share that dashboard with other users who have access to QuickSight, but they can't edit or change the filters. So it's just a nice way of assembling a bunch of views of your key business data for other people to consume. There are different visual types offered within QuickSight. Quite a few actually. One is autograph that just allows you to select the most appropriate visualizations based on the properties of the data, rather than you selecting one, and the visualization types are chosen to best reveal the data and the relationships in an effective way. Sometimes it gets it right. Sometimes you want to build on top of it. Some tools for comparison in Distribution is a bar chart. So histograms things like that, that's a good choice for a bar chart. If you're looking for changes over time that's what a line graph is for. So if you want to trend over time, you need to think about line graphs and area line graphs or maybe area line charts. If you're looking to show correlation, that's where scatter plots come in. So a scatter plot will give you a specific plot of 2D data, so you can see the raw data there and infer from it what you will. That can be useful for looking at correlation, because if those scatter plot points tend to fall in sort of around a line or some sort of a pattern, that can tell you there's a correlation between the two axes there. Right. Heat maps are also there for color coding. 2D data. So for example, if you wanted to plot restaurants in the x axis and food reviewers on Y, you could have every cell containing a rating from each reviewer for each restaurant. And that in turn could be color coded based on how good the rating is. So if an individual restaurant tends to get good reviews across all the reviewers, it will show up as a hot colored column in the heat map. So we'll look at an example of that a little bit later on to make that more intuitive for aggregation, we have pie graphs and tree maps, tree maps you might not be so familiar with. They display hierarchical data with nested rectangles. Again, we'll see an example of that shortly. For tabular data, we have pivot tables that can be used for summarizing the data and measuring values. For the intersection of two dimensions you can apply statistical functions to that. So think of pivot tables. If you need to deal with multi-dimensional data and apply statistical functions to it. There used to be a feature called stories as well, but they deprecated that it's no longer a thing. Some more newer visual types that they've introduced in recent years. So we have KPIs. We have geospatial charts or just a fancy name for maps with overlays on them like this one to the right here, donut charts and gauge charts. Also word clouds. And rather than spend a lot of time talking about these now, I'll show you examples in a bit. Let's dive into bar charts. So again these are used for comparison and distribution. So if you need to look at a distribution of data or compare data over different periods. A bar chart is what you want. They can be vertical. They can be horizontal, as seen in both of these examples. If you know anything about data analysis, I'm sure you know about bar charts. I'm not going to go into a whole lot of depth here. Line charts also should be familiar to you. I would hope they are for visualizing changes over time. So if you see a question that asks what kind of a visualization would you use to view changes or trends over time? Good chance. The answer is a line chart. You can also have area line charts or stacked area line charts like the one you're seeing to the right here as well. If you want to visualize how different components of something add up to a larger trend as well. Scatter plots. Here's an example again useful for showing correlation. So a scatter plot. We're showing the actual raw data points here. In this example, for the eruption duration and the waiting time between eruptions from a geyser called Old Faithful in Yellowstone National Park in America. And you can see here just by eyeballing it, there are these two little clusters. And, you know, that tells you something about the nature of the data. There's also what looks like sort of a linear relationship there going on. So if you want to see how that waiting time between eruptions and the length of the eruption relates, a scatter plot can be a good way to start understanding what that correlation is. We can say, looking at this scatter plot, that yeah, the more time there is between eruptions, the longer that eruption is likely to last. Which makes sense, right? You know, things kind of build up over time and it has to release all that pent up pressure. Here's an example of a heat map. Specifically, this is a DNA microarray data reflecting gene expression values in several conditions. So again you have two dimensional data where every cell of that 2D grid is further enhanced with a color that represents the value of that cell. Right. So this allows you to visualize what's, you know, quote unquote, cold or hot based on low or high values within that grid. Again, useful for correlation pie charts. I think you all know what a pie chart is, right? So this specific example here is showing populations of English native speakers lifted this from Wikipedia. And you can see that most of them are in the US followed by the UK, followed by Canada. Then we have Australia and everything else bundled up into that other slice there. So if you're looking for aggregation, a pie chart might be something to look at. Close relative is donut charts. These are more specifically for comparing values for items in a dimension. So the best chart best use for this type of chart is for showing a percentage of a total amount. Every wedge in a donut chart represents one value in a dimension. The size of the wedge represents the proportion of the value for the selected measure that the item represents compared to the whole for the dimension. So donut charts are best when precision isn't important and there are few items in the dimension. This particular example here. Sum of visits by planet. You know how many robotic space probes have we sent to each planet here? I don't think Uranus has actually been visited that much, so I'm not sure this is real data, but you get the idea. Gage charts also a relatively new feature. Just what it sounds like. It's visualizing it in the style of a gage like on your dashboard in your car. It's purpose is to display how much of there is of the thing you're measuring, like fuel in a tank, or bandwidth usage, or something like that. Comparing values in a measure. More specifically, tree maps might not have seen these before. It's for hierarchical aggregation, so a relative of pie charts, but showing hierarchy within each slice if you will. In this rectangular format. So so for example that brown square in the upper top there seems to represent metals. Right. Like metallic exports or something. Right. And within that we can see the breakdown of specific types of metallic exports. So when you have this hierarchy of information that you want to show or where you're trying to show aggregation hierarchically, a tree map might be the tool for that. Pivot tables if you've if you're an Excel pro you know a pivot tables are. The idea here is you start with tabular data, and you want to aggregate that data in arbitrary ways in a tabular format. So in this for example, you could have raw sales data at the top and pivot on region and ship date to view sales by region over time. So pivot tables are just ways to aggregate tabular data in arbitrary ways. Another relatively new feature are KPIs. These are used for comparing key values to their target values. Pretty straightforward right. So it's just saying hey here's some metric I care about. Here's what it is. Here's where it is relative to where we want it to be. That's the KPI. And then we have geospatial charts. Just what it sounds like a map basically with data overlaid on top of it. Generally, the size of these circles represent the amount in that specific location, right? So we have some of population by state here where every state has a circle over it. The size of that circle represents the population of that state. Pretty straightforward. But if you need to visualize data based on geospatial information, like where it is visually, geographically, geospatial chart is obviously the choice for that. And we finally have word clouds. They show the frequency of words or phrases in a data set. So if you have a book or something or some corpus of text data, a word cloud will show you how frequently different words or phrases appear within that text, and the size of each word or phrase represents how often it appears within your data. So, for example, we could have a data set of midweek destinations, and we could be mining the text in that destination field and making a word cloud out of it. And you can see here that visually, Atlanta, Georgia is the top one. Houston, Texas. Dallas, Fort Worth, Chicago all pretty much up there. Pretty high as well. Probably no coincidence that these are all airport hubs, but anyway, I'm not going to get into that too much. More often, though, I'll see this used in things like, um, one example I've used is looking at the entire works of William Shakespeare and looking at what words and phrases are used most commonly within it. That's something I've used in my other courses. So word clouds, one last visualization type available to you in QuickSight. So go back and review these again. You know, you should be prepared for questions that say, hey, given this type of analysis, this type of data, what visualization would make sense? And it's good to know what that menu is and what they're meant to do.