All right. So earlier in this course we put together a knowledge base that knows about a book about self-employment. We also made a guardrail to filter out people talking about politics or dirty words or personal information or the word potato. And let's go ahead and pull it all together into an actual full blown agent now. So back to the bedrock UI here. If we go to build agents, we should be able to pull it all in. Let's start by creating a new one. Oh, they're advertising agent core here. Good tool for deploying stuff into production. It helps you with deploying things at scale for your agent systems, and also add some other capabilities like memory systems and some tools you might find useful, but not right now. And you can see we can both prepare our agent here and then deploy it to production if we want to through an alias. So I'll walk you through all this. Let's create an agent, give it a name, whatever you want. Frank's agent. And you can give it a description of what it does. Usually, when you're talking about agents, it's a good idea to fill out these description fields, because sometimes under the hood, it will actually use these descriptions to figure out how to route your requests and try to figure out what actions need to go where within your agent. So I'm going to make it a habit to actually fill out these descriptions here. So this particular agent will answer questions about self employment and the current window current weather. And that might be useful if I have a multi-agent system. Right. Because it will know when it's appropriate to route queries to this specific agent. And if I want to do something specifically with multi-agent collaboration, there's some newer features around that as well built into bedrock as well, but not for this demo. All right. Again, we have a name. We have a description. We're going to go ahead and create a new service role for it. If we had an existing one we wanted to reuse, we could we have to give it a model. Under the hood it is by default somehow pick cloud 3.5 for me. If I wanted to change that, I could, uh. But hey, that's a good choice. I like cloud, and these are specific instructions for how the agent should perform. So again we're going to specify what this thing does. And you can also specify the style or tone that you want out of it. You know kind of a system prompt. So you can say we will answer any queries about self employment using our attached knowledge base and questions about the current weather using our Weather Action Group. And we can tell it to always talk like a chicken. Oh man, that joke just doesn't get old for me, sorry. Additional settings. If we want to actually enable code interpreting we can do that. So we have some built in tools we can use if we want to be able to write, run and test code, we can let it do that. We certainly don't need that for this particular agent though. Also we want to enable or disable the ability to go back and ask follow up questions. So that might be kind of useful. So for example, if I'm asking about the current weather and I forgot to specify where I could allow it to go back and say, hey, you forgot to ask where do you want the weather for? Tell me. So that allows that kind of like back and forth for clarifying questions. In this case, that might be helpful. If I want to customize my KMS encryption, I can do so here. And I can also set the timeout value here. Ten minutes certainly seems like more than enough. In fact, I might want to think about lowering that. Alrighty then, let's go ahead and create an action group. And this is going to be calling some custom code to get the weather. So this is a new thing we haven't done before. Let's add a new one and we'll call it uh get weather. It's description is retrieves the current weather. For a given I can't type today given city in units of Celsius or Fahrenheit, that is always tough to spell. All right. So let's go ahead and define it with function detail. So I'm going to go ahead and just give it my own function down the road here. If I did have an existing Lambda or API gateway setup I could use the schema from that instead. And I'm going to go ahead and create a new lambda function that I'll populate later on. We need to give this action group function a name and that will be get weather. And again same thing. Retrieves the current weather for a given city and units of Celsius or Fahrenheit. So the more clues we can give it about what that expected input is, the better. I'm not going to require explicit confirmation of the action group being kicked off, because that would be a little bit clunky, but that is an option for you. All right. So let's define our parameters here one at a time. So we will start with the city. And the description of that will be the name of the city for which weather is requested. That will be a string. And we're going to go ahead and require that and make that true for required and check mark on that as well. Our second parameter will be the UI is a little bit messed up here. Units is what I'm typing in here. And let's give that a description as well. The units for temperature desired either Celsius or Fahrenheit. Check mark on that. Also a string. And we're going to leave that as false for required. That's going to be optional. And if we wanted to add additional action group functions we could do that here as well. Let's go ahead and create this. You'll note that we haven't actually written our function to actually get the weather yet. That's going to be our next step. But first we need to create it. Because that creation stuff will take care of creating that empty lambda function for us. All right. So far, so good. Now if we scroll down to Action groups, let's click on that action group again. And now that we're here we can go and mess with that lambda function. Let's go ahead and view that function. And we can see that it should have created some sort of boilerplate code for us here. That doesn't really do anything. Now for some reason the new editor in Lambda isn't working for me this morning. It's not actually displaying that boilerplate code. So I'm going to temporarily switch back to the old editor. Hopefully for you, that will work better. And here we can see that sort of boilerplate code here under a dummy lambda Pi. And you can see here that it is basically extracting the action group, the function name, the message version and the parameters for every request that comes in. Now, since I'm only going to have this one function for this one action group and this one agent here. That information isn't terribly important. What I care about is the parameters. So that's where I'm actually going to get the city that's requested and the optional units, if those were specified as well. So this shows us how to actually construct a response correctly. And I'm going to not make you write code instead of provided some in the course materials. So if you go to your course materials you should see a weather dot p function. Go ahead and open that up in your favorite editor. And let's walk through this real quick so you can see here our lambda handler is basically having some initial default values. Here the city is required. So we're going to default that to none. But we are specifying a default units of Fahrenheit because I'm in the United States and we're weird here, we still use Fahrenheit. However, any city or units that were specified will override those specific values, and then I will log them out so I can debug things later on. And my response will just be this structured output of text with a body of the weather in whatever city it is, is 75°C or Fahrenheit and sunny. And hopefully that's Fahrenheit, because 75°C would be pretty darn hot. But in the real world, of course, we would actually hit some sort of a external weather API or weather server of some sort and do something real. This is just boilerplate testing code here. But this is code, right? So I can do anything. The sky's the limit. So this lambda function can allow my action group to do whatever I can dream of to get outside information or do stuff or whatever I want to do, whatever I can imagine. All right. We're going to go ahead and pack that up in the formatted response and send that back. Pretty simple. So let's go ahead and copy this. Control A control C and paste that into my dummy lambda function. And let's go ahead and deploy that. All right back to our agent Sue. Our hour action group should be up and running at this point. We're not ready to prepare it yet because we're not done defining everything. So let's go back to our agent builder. All right. So we have our details. We have our action group memory. This is built in now. So if you want to be able to retain context across a conversation or even recall past actions and stuff, memories, what's required to do that. So if I want to be able to have a conversation with this agent and refer back to things I did earlier, memory is required for that. We'll talk about memory in more depth later. Let's go ahead. And this is just going to be a one shot thing for this experiment though. So I'm going to keep that off knowledge bases. Let's add the one we created earlier in the course. Frank's book. And we do need to give it instructions on when to actually access this. So refer to this knowledge base for any questions about self employment. And that allows the agent to route it to this particular knowledge base tool for that specific kind of query. Oh, I need to save it first. Fine. Back to our agent builder. Let's save that. And now I can add my knowledge group. Kind of a weird UI there. One more time with feeling. Use this knowledge base for questions about self-employment. All right. What else we got? Guardrails. Let's add that guardrail we made before. Make sure people don't talk about potatoes. And we'll go ahead and save that and exit. And I think we're about ready to rock and roll. Some other things. Orchestration strategies. We're going to leave that to default, but I could have some prompts to actually modify that if I wanted to. And again, if I wanted to collaborate with other agents, there are some features around that as well. However, first we need to prepare the agent that is currently grayed out. I need to save it. And now I can prepare it. Uh oh. Agent instruction cannot be null, but agent instruction. Did I miss something? Oh, there it is. I did miss something. Okay. Specific instructions for the task agent before I thought I typed this in before. Um, let's go ahead and just use the same description up here. Down there, somewhere along the line that got lost. Let's go ahead and save that. And prepare it again. And now that succeeded. So now we can play with it and see if it works. So let's say let's start with the knowledge base. Tell me about health insurance when you are. Self-employed. And hopefully that self-employment query will tell the agent to go and use that knowledge base for that particular request. There we go. All right. It did actually pull up some relevant information here. And it looks like we have a citation here which kind of hints that it got it from that knowledge base. We can do the show trace just to be sure. And we can go into pre-processing, routing and orchestration and also post-processing. So a pre-processing that's probably just going to be our guardrail. Right. So that did not trigger any guardrails. Routing is what we're interested in. Nothing actually there. Orchestration is where it probably happened. Let's go to trace step two. We can see the underlying system prompt that it constructed for this agent. And we can see it's kind of thinking there. It says there that I'm going to search that knowledge base because they're asking about self-employment. And what it actually got back. So yes, it did in fact hit our knowledge base. Very cool. All right. Let's go ahead and close out of this test agent view here. Let's try a different query. Let's ask about the weather and see what happens. Um what is the current weather in Orlando Florida or just Orlando? And hopefully that will default to Fahrenheit because I did not specify units. Aha. So you can see it actually masked out Orlando. And you might ask yourself why remember that guardrail we set up? Um, is considering addresses to be personally identifiable information. And we specifically said do not allow that. Right. So we can hit show trace and that pre-processing trace should reveal that. We can see here that it did, in fact intervene with that guardrail because Orlando is an address and that should be anonymized. So if we're going to be asking about specific addresses, we're going to need to remove that. Right. So let's close out of this view here. Now I could go back to that guardrail and tweak it to allow addresses and redeploy it. But in the interest of time, I'm just going to remove the guardrail entirely for now from this agent. So if we go down to guardrails let's go ahead and edit that. Clear the guardrail, save and exit. And now we need to prepare this agent again. Let's send this current session. Save it and prepare it again. All right. So now we're guardrail should be gone. Let's try asking about the weather again. What is the current? Weather in Orlando. Oh. That's funny. Oh that's funny. So apparently there's something wrong with my function there where it actually returns 75°C. And the model was smart enough to say, that's crazy. That can't be right. Let's show the trace and see what actually happened there so we can see under trace. Step one. What happened? All right. It's correctly identified that it needs to call get weather. But in this case it actually put in its own default for Celsius. So it didn't actually pass it in. It's undefined. So this is a little bit weird right. So even though I did say explicitly when I was defining this function that the units were not required as a parameter. It decided to require it anyway, so sometimes these models can be a little bit too smart for their own good. So what I would want to do to fix that in the real world would be to actually not accept that as a default argument and make sure that it's required. Or I could work into the actual prompt instructions for using that particular tool that if the user does not specify Celsius or Fahrenheit, if they don't specify specific units to default to Fahrenheit. Okay. But let's just make sure that it does work and break out of this window. And let's say what is the current weather in Orlando in Fahrenheit? Of course, in the real world, I'd be hitting an actual weather service and it would never return 75°C in the first place. So we just kind of hardcoded that, which is the real issue. That time it worked. All right. So the current weather is Five degrees Fahrenheit and sunny. And for convenience it actually converted that to Celsius for me. You're just too helpful, Mr. Agent. All right, so we have a working agent here in bedrock. That's kind of awesome. Let's clean up our mess before we forget, because this stuff will rack up costs even if we're not using it. Especially that OpenSearch instance underneath the knowledge base. So back to agents. But before we clean this up, a quick note about deployment. So if I did want to deploy this to the real world and hit it from an actual application, I could click on that agent and say create alias. And I'm not going to actually do this because this spins up production resources that I don't want to pay for. But by entering an alias name in a description, it will create a versioned alias deployment that I can actually then use to actually use as an endpoint for actual applications in production. So if I want to actually deploy this, that's the next step. Deploying an alias. However I'm not. I just want to delete it. I'm done. Done playing select that delete. Type in delete to confirm. Note that it is warning you that data sources associated with the agent are not being deleted. So that lambda function is still out there. That knowledge base is still out there. The underlying OpenSearch vector store is still out there. The data in S3 is still out there. Those all need to be cleaned up independently. So back to bedrock. If we go back to our knowledge base, let's clean that up. We'll select the knowledge base and delete that. And again it's warning you that this does not delete the underlying vector. Store only the data in it. So we're not done yet. So that should be deleting. Let's also get rid of our guardrail just to be safe. Confirm that as well. All right. So now the stuff under the hood. So let's go to OpenSearch. And make sure we go to the serverless dashboard. And there is our underlying serverless OpenSearch collection. Again that will keep racking up charges even if you're not using it. So do not miss this step, people, or you'll have a very nasty surprise on your bill. Let's delete that. That's gone. And we also had a lambda function. Just to be safe, we should get rid of that too. Current weather. And let's delete that as well. All right I don't think we missed anything. So that should make sure we're not getting billed for anything we don't want to get billed for. But congratulations. We actually built our own bedrock agent there that hits our own knowledge base and also hits a action group to run arbitrary Python code within a lambda function. How cool is that? The sky's the limit. All right. Congrats. That's an agent. You just made one yourself. It worked. Not that hard, right?