All right. So what we've seen so far are single agent systems, where we have one foundation model that's been armed with a suite of tools that it can use to do stuff with, like looking up information, doing stuff on your computer, hitting the internet, whatever it might be. That's what we call a single agent system, or sometimes an augmented Lem. But what if we put many of these things together? That opens up even more possibilities. And that is the world of multi-agent systems. So let's dive into an example and dig into why we might want to do that. So you can kind of think of a multi-agent system as similar to giving tools to a single agent. But the difference is that we have many tools being used at once, potentially. So these agents can all be specialized for different tasks, and they can run independently. They can run in sequence, they can run in parallel. And even more importantly, they're all self-contained. So they can just focus on their task at hand without dealing with the context of all this other stuff in your system. And that's a powerful thing. An example is coding agents. So, um, I might have a coding agent that wants to operate on multiple files in different ways to achieve a larger task. You know, maybe I have, you know, a coding agent that's focused on code reviews, another one that's focused on optimization, another one that's focused on some sort of re-architecture. Right. Those could all be operating on the same code base, maybe even in sequence. Right. Another example would be a workflow that's requiring some sort of complex decision making, and that can benefit from more complex agent workflows. Now, I do want to warn you, if you do have a simple use case, you should not go with a complex solution like a multi-agent system. So only use these when you really need to when you are given a really complicated problem. In that case, multi-agent systems can help. This particular pattern is called the orchestrator pattern. And let's start with that one. I'm going to talk about this more in a subsequent slide. So I'm going to kind of gloss over it here. But this is just an example to kind of wrap your head around here. So in this example we have an orchestrator agent whose only job is to figure out how to break the task at hand in the prompt into multiple parallel, uh, pieces of work that need to be done. And then those are farmed out to individual specialized agents that are tuned and have the tools needed to achieve those specific tasks, and then a synthesizer pulls it all together at the end to actually generate your final response. So why would I want to use multiple agents or multiple augmented LMS, depending on your terminology? Well, one use case would be if you have too many tools. So if you find yourself with a single foundation model with a huge suite of tools, it might have trouble choosing the right one. And even more of a problem, it might have too much of a problem focusing on what it's doing because of the limited context space. So if you have an agent who's having trouble choosing the appropriate tool for the job, just like with a human being, that's not going to result in optimal results. So in that case, you might be better off having multiple specialized agents with a specialized set of tools for what they specialize in doing. Right. So, you know, it's kind of well, having specialists, you know, just like in human society. Another use case would be if you have very complicated logic. So if you find yourself putting a lot of complicated stuff in your prompts with a bunch of conditional statements and stuff, that might be nature's way of telling you that you might want to think about a multi-agent system where you can define a more specific workflow using specialized agents. Let's go back to that orchestrator pattern. So I'm going to give you a bunch of examples of different ways. You might actually assemble agents together in different patterns. I don't think the exam will actually test you on this, but I'm just giving it to you as a way to wrap your head around what Agentic AI is all about. Okay. Which is obviously helpful for the exam. So this is similar in spirit to giving tools to a single agent. The difference is that instead of tools attached to a foundation model, I have specialized agents attached to an orchestrator agent. And those agents can all be specialized in what they do with their own suite of tools and work independently of each other and really focus on what they're good at. So again, an example would be a coding agent or workflows that require complex decision making. And again, the pattern here is we have an orchestrator agent whose only job is to split up a task into worker agents. Those can kick off in parallel and then a synthesizer can combine their results together. And another example of this would be a translation tool. So say I have some sort of a text that I want to translate to multiple languages at once. I might have independent workers that specialize in each language running in parallel, and the synthesizer just waits for them to all be done and say, here's your output. Right. The other cool thing here is that each agent has its own memory as well. So you know the context space. The token space that it has is not going to be polluted by what's going on with those other language translations. Also more powerful and also more expensive, of course, routing patterns. So this is one simple. So in this case you just have a router who's trying to decide which agent is the best fit for what needs to be done. And later on when we talk about agent squad, we'll see. That's exactly what it does. Obviously Amazon flows can do this sort of thing as well as well as strands agents for that matter. So the router's job is just to take a prompt and decide which agent do I need to call to get done, what needs to be done. So it might be looking for keywords in that prompt that say, I want to do some specific thing, and I can match that up with a description of each agent that says, oh, this agent does that specific thing, you should go here and it routes it to that agent. And then we have an output that just collects the final response from whatever agent was chosen and gives that back to the end user. So this is useful in situations where you have a single classification needed. Another example would be choosing how large of a model you want to use, so it doesn't necessarily have to be what task is it good at? It could be what complexity is needed for this prompt. And we see this as a way of for example, OpenAI uses this to save costs on ChatGPT. If you give it a very simple prompt, it's going to choose a smaller, less expensive model to run that prompt on. And if you give it something that's more complicated and requires deep reasoning, it's going to choose a larger model, a more complicated model that costs more money. But because they're not using that larger model all the time, they end up saving in the long run. And you can you can use that same pattern here. Very important. Um, another example would be customer service. So if I'm classifying what kind of a customer service query is coming in, I can then route that to agents that specialize in things like balancing queries or cancelling my account or, um, you know, other kinds of questions or more deep support and routed to the appropriate agent for that. And then when we're done, it just gets routed to the output. So that's routing parallelization a lot like the orchestrator pattern. But in this case the orchestrator has just been replaced by straight inputs. So this is a situation where you know up front what you want to do. You don't need to think about it. An example would be if I had multiple guardrails that I want to run at once at the same time in parallel. So guardrails again, are a way to kind of check the input or output of a system and make sure that it's not doing naughty things right. And I might have different ones that are running at the same time. Another idea would be if you're running multiple evaluations at the same time. So maybe I have the input is actually the output from another system. And these workers are just evaluating that output in different ways in parallel. In that case, the aggregator would just be aggregating all of those metrics that were generated by these specialized evaluation workers and presenting that to the end user. Another thing you can do is voting. So I could have all of those workers doing the same thing, but just in different ways, and they all basically have a vote on the final output. The aggregators job in that case would just be to tally up the votes and decide which, uh, which answer wins, right? So let them all vote on the right result. Approaching it from different angles. So if you want a little bit more of a diversity of thought, if you will, that's one way of doing it. Another pattern is prompt chaining. And this is what Amazon Flows was all about originally. Just kind of chaining prompts together. So if you have a discrete sequence of stuff you want to do, this is one way to do it doesn't have to be done in parallel. So each agent just processes the output of the previous one. The thing, though, that makes it a little bit more interesting, is the ability to add these gates as you go. So at any point during this sequence, I can add a little check and say, are things still going the way I expect? You know, are things going completely sideways? And if they are going sideways, bail early and save on the computational costs of subsequent steps in the chain. Some examples. Um, again, translating a document, you don't have to do that in parallel. You could do it sequentially or maybe making slides from an outline from each section of the slides. Um, you could do that in parallel. You could do it sequentially in prompt chaining. Either way, you know, up to you. Another cool pattern is evaluator optimizer. And in this one, one agent is generating a response and an evaluator is evaluating the quality of that response. So a good example would be a code reviewer right. So in that case if I'm generating code, I might have another agent that evaluates that code and does a code review on it, and then goes back to the generator and says, hey, nice try, but you should fix these things too. You got some security holes to deal with. The generator tries again. The evaluator evaluates it again until we finally reach a point where things are good enough, right? So we have this kind of like circular pattern going on where we keep iterating until we get the quality that we're after. Another example would be complicated search complex search results. If you're going to do multiple rounds of like an initial high level search, and then this might be a cool way of actually drilling in on your search results and getting the more fine tuned results that you're after. So that's a summary of some of the popular patterns with multi-agent workflows and why you might want to use them.