All right. So another Agentic AI system or SDK that was originated by Amazon but has gone open source is AWS Agent Squad. Quite honestly, I'm not sure about its future. It hasn't been updated in about five months as of this recording, but it is called out in the exam guide, so it's something you should know about just in case. So this is all about orchestration. It's about intelligent intent classification. It's a router. So its job primarily is to take a prompt, figure out which agent out of a squad of agents is the best fit for fulfilling that prompt and executing that agent to get a response. And you can see here on the right that it does have the ability to have sort of a workflow going on there. So the classifier might say, okay, I'm going to select this agent, I'm going to run that agent and get a response out of it. At the same time, it can save that agent conversation to a conversation history. And that can go into the classifier for future inputs as well. So it does have some memory component to it as well. That makes it a little bit different, but fundamentally it's a router. It's trying to pick the right agent for the job at hand and then just outputting the output of that one agent. So it's a very narrow use case compared to something like strands or Amazon flows. And in fact you could do this same exact thing in strands or flows. So again, I'm not really sure if agent squad is going to be the preferred means of doing that going forward. One cool thing about though is that it's not just limited to Python, it also has a TypeScript API, and that's actually the primary API that shows up in their examples. So if you're looking to work in TypeScript instead of Python, agent squad might be worth a look. And again, it can share that context across agents. So that conversation history is something that we can use as the classification happens across each agent and passed along to those agents. There are many prebuilt agents and classifiers as well. That makes life a little bit easier that you can choose from. And of course, it has tight integration with bedrock agents. So if you do have an agent in bedrock, you can just refer to that by its ID and agent squad can go off and call it with a minimal amount of code. It can also extend bedrock flows. So if you do want to add conversation, memory and orchestration to a bedrock flow, this is one way to go about doing it. So bedrock flows on its own might not offer all the capabilities you need. And that's kind of the value proposition of Agent Squad. Right now. It's offering that extensions to bedrock flows, that bedrock flows itself doesn't have with conversation, memory and orchestration capabilities that are more complicated. They've also recently added something called a supervisor agent that brings it a little bit closer to strands. This allows it to coordinate multiple specialized agents in more complex manners. So again, agent squad focused on the routing problem strands more on tool use within a single agent loop. So that's kind of the difference between the two. You know, if there's anything on the exam about this it's probably going to be when to choose between them. So if you do have a routing problem agent squad is one way of doing it. Uh, strands is more focused on tool use with that agent loop that we looked at previously.