A newer service that is definitely in scope is the agent core from bedrock. This is a newer feature, but it's pretty cool. So this solves the problem of deploying and operating your AI agents at scale, so you don't have to fuss around with Docker and ECR and EKS and stuff to actually deploy your agent to the real world. It offers a serverless environment that does that all for you. So it's very easy to write something in, like the strands SDK that runs locally and kicks off an agentic workflow and does some complicated stuff with a minimal amount of code. But getting it out there in the real world at scale is a whole different ball of wax, right? Agent core makes that easy. It's actually really kind of amazing, and it's all serverless as well. It also works with any agent framework, so it's not tied to strands, although it does have tighter integration with strands for things like memory. So you're not required to use bedrock agents. You don't even have to use strands. You can actually wrap it around anything you want. So it's really general purpose. Basically you just give it like an invoke function and it does whatever it does. With any framework you have. That might be the OpenAI agent SDK, it might be Landgraf, it might be crew AI, whatever your favorite agent SDK is agent core can wrap that and deploy it for you, although strands does get a little bit better support and there's more examples of how to use it with strands out there. Nothing wrong with strands, by the way. It's a perfectly good agent SDK. So if you're going to be using Agent Core Strands is a good way to go. It also includes this handy starter toolkit that makes it even easier. So it just walks you through everything. Like you can just say Agent Core Configure, and it will walk you through the process of making the choices of how you want that deployment to go where you want it to be deployed to what kind of authentication you want. It handles everything for you, which is amazing. You don't have to think about it, but if you do want more control, you can deploy your own ECS instances with Agent Core. And there's kind of a tighter, lower level access there as well if you want it. But the starter toolkit super easy. It also includes a suite of tools that you can use out of the box, and those are growing over time. Um, and also things like memory and other stuff. Here's some of that other stuff. So going into the capabilities, it wraps the agent itself. Of course that you are creating in strands or open AI or AI, whatever it is, it has identity applications as well. So you can integrate Agent Core with Cognito, for example, to get an access token that can be used to authenticate access to your agent AI system. Super important, right? You don't want to just put an AI system out there and have everyone in the world able to hit it, because you're going to find yourself with a very big AWS bill from all that tool usage and foundation model usage if you're not controlling it somehow. It also has a suite of built in tools. Um, they're kind of minimal, you know, it's things like code, code execution, but, um, they're helpful. If your agent SDK offers a tool, then that's usually another way to go as well. But what's super useful is its memory capabilities. So it has both short and long term memory. We talked about that earlier and it has a way of bolting that on to your agent and integrating it into that agent SDK. So it works especially well with strands. The integration there is pretty tight and very easy. So if you're building an agent system with strands SDK, it's very easy to take the memory system from Agent Core and integrate that with it. That's important because these memory systems have to be. You know, distributed they have to be robust for long term memory especially. Right. So where do I store this stuff that's actually a problem. You know a local. SQL instance isn't going to cut it for a real world deployment. Agent provides you with that scalable memory system that's tailored for use with a genetic system. So that's really cool. It also has the concept of gateways. This is about managing the access between your agent and external tools. So if you want to manage, um, the authentication that happens at that layer, gateways are there to help with that as well. And then there's the agent runtime itself. This is where it's actually hosting your agent out on X. And again that can be fully automated as well. And overseeing all of it. There's an observability layer as well you can set up. So it has ties into observability where you can go to CloudWatch and see what was going on automatically. So you don't have to worry about wiring that code up necessarily. A lot just comes out of the box. So really a cool product for, uh, deploying agent AI systems at scale. People always talk about, you know, building these things as kind of these toy standalone applications. And, uh, it's often this deployment step where things fall down. So Agent Core solves that problem, which I think is awesome. Let's dive a little bit more deeply into the agent runtime. So it does give you serverless endpoints. Again you don't have to worry about managing these things. It worries about it for you. It will deploy your agent to ECR for you, enhanced with all this agent core stuff that we just talked about. And again, if you want to build your own Docker containers, you can if you want more control or you can just use the starter toolkit to do it all for you. So under the hood that's using code build. But you don't even see that. You know, you just say, uh, Agent Core deploy and off it goes. You know, it will do all this for you. You don't have to know what ECR and ECS or Docker is to deploy these things using the starter toolkit, which I love. You can also have multiple endpoints so it scales. You know obviously that's the whole point. And there's that observability dashboard we talked about to track usage and performance. Um there's a specific gen AI observability feature in CloudWatch that this integrates with. So that might be something you want to remember.