Let's go into a little bit more depth with Agent Core, because I suspect it's going to play a larger role in the exam over time. So Agent Core isn't just about making it easy to deploy your agents into production with the Agent Core runtime. It also has some other features you can use as well. One of them is a memory system that you can use to add on to your application, and integrate it pretty easily. So there are two forms of memory when we talk about agent AI. One is short term memory, and that's basically your chat history within the immediate session. The immediate context of the conversation you're having right now with the agent. And this is what makes conversations possible, just the ability to remember what you said earlier in the conversation so you can refer back to it. And the AI agent can understand what you mean. So if I say do that thing again, it will know what that thing is. Right now, the API for this in Agent Core is centered around session objects that embody the session you're in and events within that session. So pretty straightforward stuff. So that's short term memory. Then there's long term memory which is a little bit more abstract. So it's not just about having your past sessions available. So you can go back and reload them and resume them later on. It can also do deeper level stuff, so it can store extracted insights so it can figure out what your preferences are. You know, things that might be more of a high level summary of what you were doing in the past, and that might explicitly be summaries of past sessions. So instead of storing all of the exact back and forth verbatim responses in conversations you had in the past, maybe you can just store those summaries and thereby be more efficient in storage, and also be more efficient with your token usage when you're going back and actually using that within the context of a new conversation. You can also learn the preferences of the user over time, like their coding style or their favorite tools or whatever it might be, or just their favorite stuff, and refer to that later on. So that might be a place to store preferences in a long term fashion. Also, any facts you gave it. So if you explicitly say remember this, maybe you have a system that explicitly stores that in a long term memory system. Now the API for this involves what we call memory records. And they're pretty abstract, but they store structured information that are derived from your agent interactions. So there are different strategies for your memory records. That's how the API is actually organized. And they have strategies built in for user preferences, semantic facts and session summaries built in. Now building this is actually kind of a pain if you're actually building an AI system from scratch. So it's very convenient that Agent Core is providing this capability to you out of the box. And it does have very easy integration with the strands SDK, if that's what you're using for your genetic framework. So where does it actually store this stuff? Well, if you're using like another agent SDK that offers memory implementations like the OpenAI agents SDK, it might give you a SQLite implementation. And that's a problem, right? Because that doesn't really scale very well for a small, you know, kind of toy application. Sure, maybe that's fine. But if you need something that actually scales better and is totally serverless, that's why you need something like Agent core memory. So again, Agent Core is all about the problem of actually deploying your agents into production at scale. It's not just toy problems running on your desktop. They solve the problem of memory at large scale. Also, there are a couple of built in tools provided by Agent Core. I'm sure this list will expand over time, but what they've started with is a browser tool that will allow you to take control of your browser to interact with the web, and also a code interpreter tool that lets you run code within a safe, isolated container, of course in Python, JavaScript or TypeScript. Now, this is probably redundant with a lot of the SDKs you might be wrapping Agent Core with. So, you know, you kind of have to decide which one you want to use. Agent core. Again, focused on scale as opposed to just, you know, smaller scale experiments so you can make your own decisions if you want to use agent core tools or the ones that are built into the framework that you're using.