So let's hit on a few more capabilities of Agent Core. And one of them is the ability to import bedrock agents into Agent Core. Why would you want to do that? I mean, bedrock has its own built in mechanisms for deploying its agents at scale. Well, maybe you want to take an existing bedrock agent and build on top of that and do something a little bit more extensive with it, right? So in that case, maybe it makes sense to import a bedrock agent and then build on top of that and deploy this more complicated system through Agent Core. You can do that. It's really easy actually. All you have to do is say agent core import agent, and it will take the agent you specify in bedrock and turn it into strands code. So we'll turn it into a code base using strands SDK or optionally lang chain and line graph. And it just throws it in whatever output directory you specify. And from there you can develop on top of it. You can test it, you can deploy it. It's just like any other agent core agent at that point. So it is possible to take a bedrock agent, import that into agent Core and extend it from there. Another feature in Agent Core is the Agent Core Gateway. What's that all about. So this is addressing the problem of using external tools at scale. So odds are whatever agent framework you're using has the ability to call tools on its own, including external tools through MCP. Well, gateway does that too, but in a more, well, scalable manner I suppose. So what it does under the hood is it makes everything look like an MCP. Tool internally. So external APIs, lambda functions, other services. They're just going to look like another MCP tool to the agent core gateway. And it's going to keep track of all those gateway endpoints that your application can then refer to from within your agent core code that you're wrapping up. Those targets can consist of anything that exposes open API interfaces or Smithy models, which is some AWS thing, or Lambda functions of course, as well. So again, you know, Agent Core is all about better AWS management and integration. And once you have that set up, your agents can then access them through gateway endpoints within Agent Core. And that also has the convenient property of managing your authorization and credentials for you as part of the deal. So you have this centralized place where all of your security and all of your credentials for accessing these external services are kept safely and in the cloud for you. Also, it offers a semantic tool selection capability as well. So it doesn't just handle connectivity, it lets you choose the right tool for the job as well. That's built into the gateway too. Then we have Agent Core Identity, which isn't quite what it sounds like. So this is different from OAuth identity for actually logging into your agent itself. And that's a whole different can of worms. So obviously you do want to think about how do you authenticate for your AI application. Probably going to be using Cognito, an agent for integration with Cognito for that. So that's a different problem. What we're talking about here is your identity of the application itself, when it's connecting to external services and tools. So that too is an identity. Like there's user identity, but your agent also has an identity. It's kind of an interesting trend that AI agents are sort of being treated like people these days. So it's about your agent's identity or identities and how they access external tools and agent core identity lets you do this securely, both to external tools and to AWS services. Of course, it provides a central repository for all of your agent identities for talking to these external services. Kind of like a Cognito user pool, but it's not for people, it's for agents. It also offers secure credential storage, so you can keep those credentials for talking to those external tools safely. And it offers OAuth 2.0 support with built in support for tools from Google, GitHub, slack, Salesforce, and Atlassian all built into agent core identity. And there's a lot more depth to this. It's actually a pretty complicated topic. Don't think you're going to need that depth for this exam though. But if you do want to read up on that, here's a link for you.