All right, folks, let's get our hands dirty and play around with some of this stuff. Kind of a contrived example here because I want to touch on strands agents. Agent core and also Agent Squad all at the same time. Now, in the real world, you might not use all three in fact, strands. Plus Agent core is probably all you need. But you know we'll slip Agent Squad in there as well. Now, if you do want to follow along hands on, you will need some prerequisites, among them being some sort of a Python environment somewhere. A recent one hopefully. And you also need the AWS command line interface installed already. So you'll have to make sure you have that installed and also configured for an IAM user that has the necessary permissions. Administrator permissions will make things easier, but you could have a tighter permissions policy that just gives it access to what it needs for bedrock and bedrock, agent core and agent squad and whatever it needs to do. Um, but, you know, getting those all right might be a little bit, uh, a little bit of trial and error there. So administrator will make it easier in the real world. Of course, you would want to be a little bit more tighter with security. But we are just playing around here, so, uh. That's okay. You will also need a bedrock API key, and I will show you how to get that from the bedrock console. It's pretty simple. Once you have that, you want to set that in your AWS bearer token bedrock environment variable, and I'll show you that real quick as well. So bedrock keys are kind of a newer way of managing authentication with bedrock that doesn't really rely on IAM directly. Now, I do want to warn you if you are following along, agent squad is a little bit fragile at the moment. So when I was developing this exercise, uh, there were problems with it. So there was actually an issue where it was behind the latest strands SDK. So there was a mismatch with its imports going on there. Turned out somebody checked in a fix for that, but it hadn't actually been deployed to Python yet. Um, so it's uh, it's maintenance seems a little bit iffy right now, quite honestly. But it is in scope for the exam. So we're going to talk about it. I'm going to show it to you. Uh, but I'm really not really sure what Agent Squad's future is in all honesty. So in the context of what you might want to do in the real world, um, you might want to think twice about using Agent Squad, because what it does is easily replicable in strands and in Amazon flows. I think that's where the future is. So this is all changing quickly too. So I'm sure that agent squad isn't the only thing that's going to change by the time you watch this. So you might want to just watch instead of following along. If you don't want to risk any frustration from things getting out of date. Also, the models that are used by agent squad could very easily go out of date as well. I'll talk about that in a moment too. But if you want to follow along, it's always a good idea to try. Hands on is a good way to learn. If you do follow along though, do remember to clean up when you're done. Um. Make sure you remember to run Agent Core Destroy to destroy any resources that we have out there deployed in the wild. Otherwise, you're going to get billed for them forever. You don't want that to happen. And just double check the Bedrock Agent core console when you're done to make sure that you don't have any surprises at your bill. And if you did set up a billing alarm like we recommended at the beginning of the course, you will have some insurance against that. But it's always a good practice to make sure you didn't leave any resources hanging around that you didn't know about. All right. We're going to build more specifically is a few things here. So we're going to start by building a strands agent that has a few tools associated with it. So we're going to associate the built in calculator tool with it, the built in clock tool to tell you the current time. And we're also going to illustrate building a custom tool. Just a little simple Python function to count the number of keywords in a given string. And we'll illustrate that all working in a standalone environment. So we'll run that agent locally. But you could just as easily deploy that to the cloud somewhere. You know, some inference point, whatever you want to use to actually deploy that to the real world, and another way to deploy it to the real world that's even easier is using Agent Core. So I'll show you how to do that as well. So once we have our strands agent running locally, I'll show you how to wire that into Agent Core, which is actually super easy. And then we can use Agent Core to actually deploy that to the cloud through AWS for real, and have a real inference point that we can play around with. We'll destroy that to make sure we don't get billed for it forever. And then I'll show you how to integrate that with Agent Squad. Now, agent Squad does have a built in strands agent capability, but like I said, it's fragile. It doesn't actually work right now. So what we've done instead is create a simple wrapper around strands to let it talk to agent squad. It's not that hard to do, and we'll illustrate that working as well. So what we're going to do is wire up agent squad to do orchestration. That's what it does. Right. So it's going to take a prompt. It's going to say okay does this prompt do stuff that my agent can do. Is it trying to do a calculator clock or count keywords task. If so I'm going to route it to that strands agent. If not, I'm going to have a backup agent like just a general LM in bedrock. I'm going to hit for any general, uh, general queries that aren't that specific. And you can have other agents, of course, as well that it could orchestrate to and route to as well. So we'll show that working as well. You might say to yourself, why not just have Agent Squad actually, uh, hit the Agent core deployment there, and you could do that too. You could wrap that as well. Uh, the Python code needed to actually talk to Agent Core is actually very simple. Uh, but why would you do that? You know, you may as well just run the the code for that, uh, talking to the bedrock LM and the strands agent in the same place, rather than having it spread out in different systems. So usually the simpler solutions are the better if they meet your needs. So that's the spirit of what we're doing here. All right, so let's dive in and make it happen. All right. So first thing you're going to need is a Python environment of some sort if you're following along I'm on Windows with Anaconda here. But whatever works for you. Just make sure it's a recent version of Python, like 3.1 at least I would say. And you also need the AWS command line interface installed. And I'm not going to walk through that here. That's kind of a basic thing. But if you can't type in AWS, configure and have something interesting happen, then you need to go and take care of that. So do make sure that you set this up with the credentials. For a IAM user that has permissions for everything we need to do, administrative access will be easiest, of course, but in the real world you'd want to lock that down to the least permissions that are required. Do take note of the region that you're in. We're going to have to make sure that all of our resources are deployed to the same region, or else it won't work. Also, be aware that bedrock, Agent core, and other bedrock features don't work in certain regions, so you want to make sure you're using a region where everything is supported as well. If you have strange errors, that might be why. So I'm going to leave that all to what it was before. Another thing we'll need is a bedrock API key. So if we head on over to our bedrock console, you can get to this through the identity console as well as bedrock. But there should be a link here for API keys too. And that should take you over here to API keys. Go ahead and make a long term or short term API key. Long term is probably what you want for development purposes, as opposed to an application. That's kind of like just doing making these on the fly. That's the difference here, by the way. So the short term API keys are intended for applications where people are authenticating through something like Cognito getting short term access for that specific transaction and then going away. But since we're doing development here, we want to use a long term key and don't get any ideas about using mine because I'm going to delete it as soon as I'm done here. But if you need to create a new one, you can just generate it here and you'll get a new key name. You can set how long you want it to last, and once you generate that, it will give you back a key that you can then put into your environment variables. So on windows you would do that through the system properties here through environment variables. And it's going to be AWS bearer token bedrock, and that should contain the key that you just created. Again, don't use mine because I'm not going to have it around for much longer. All right. Once that's done, you do need to make sure that you restart your environment for Python after doing that, by the way, so you can be sure that it picks up that environment variable change. All right. So I think we've got most of the prerequisites. So we need to install the packages we need though don't we. So let's make sure we take care of that I've already done this. So it's not going to do much. But for you it will do more. We need to install with pip pip install Boto3 of course for API access to AWS in general. Then we need bedrock agent Core toolkit, Starter toolkit that will make life easier for dealing with Agent Core. We also need strands agents because we're going to be starting with that. We need strands agents, tools. And finally we're going to be messing around with Agent Squad. So make sure you get all the right hyphens there as you go along. Don't think there's any typos there. So let's kick that off. And I already have that installed, so it didn't do much for you. Might do more. All right, so let's start off playing with some code here, shall we? So first of all I'm going to CD to where I tucked away the course materials. So in here once you've gone to where your course materials are there should be an agents lab directory under there that you can go into. And that should contain these files. So let's start by looking at strands agent. That's going to be kind of what we're starting from using the strands SDK to create a simple agent. So I'm going to pull that up in Visual Studio Code here. So we can kind of walk through it now. Again the exam will never expect you to write code. So this particular part isn't really important. But you know just understand what it's doing. So we import from strands the stuff we need obviously the agent and the tool. And from the tools we're going to import the calculator tool and the current time tool. These are two built in tools with strands that we're just going to use. And then we're going to define our own custom tool as well. And you can see all we need is that tool decorator to make that recognizable by strands. We're going to make a count keyword function that does exactly what it says on the tin. And this description here tells strands and tells us what it actually does and how to call it. So we just pass in some text the keyword we want to count, and it gives us back the number of times that keyword occurs in the text that we passed in. That's it. That's how you make a tool. If you want to do a custom function and do whatever your heart desires within strands, and you can see it's pretty easy from here. So we just create an agent object from strands passing the tools that we want to use. And everything else is optional. So we could specify a specific foundation model we want to build this on top of. If we want to. We're just going to use the default one here to make sure that it's more future proof. We can also optionally pass in a system prompt. So in this case I'm going to say I want you to act like a chicken. So that should make things a little bit more fun. And also make it easy to identify when this agent is being called, because it will cluck a lot. All right. So just to test it out. So that's it. That's the agent right there. That strand. So we already have an agent here that has three tools attached to it in just that little bit of code. That's pretty cool right. And just to test it out. So if we're actually running this as a standalone script, which we're going to do in a moment as a test, we're going to give it three tasks to do in parallel. What time is it? We'll ask it to do a calculation and ask how many times the word prompt appears in the following text. And to do that, we just create a new strands agent and pass in that message and print the result. It's that simple. So you can see strands is pretty cool. You know, it's it makes it very easy to create these agent AI systems with just a minimal amount of code. So awesome. Let's try it out. Let's go back to my prompt here and let's run it. Python strands agent dot pi. And if your permissions are all right and you've got everything in the right region, everything should be working as you see here. So we can see our test here came back. Um, it's actually logging what it did. At the same time. The agent response that was actually printed out here is at the bottom. And uh, you can see our friend the chicken here gave us the current time. It discovered that that rather complex calculation just comes out to 42. And interestingly, it even noted that it's kind of cool that it came out to exactly 42. Uh, it also did the word count successfully. And yeah, everything worked. So yay! Strands is working. That's strands agents pretty easy right? All right, let's take it to the next level and deploy that to the world using Agent Core. And that too is easy. So I'll take a look at the code for that. If you open up the Agent core P in your course materials, you can see that it's the exact same agent. So most of the code here is exactly the same of what we looked at before. The only difference is that we're importing Agent Core now as well. And we're creating a Bedrock Agent Core app that we're going to wrap this with. So we still have our account keyword tool here. And the only real difference here is that we now have wrapped our agent with this invoke function here. And we've decorated that with app dot entrypoint. So Agent Core knows that that's where I want to go. So we have this invoke that takes in a payload and a context that's going to come in from Agent Core. And then within that we're going to do the same thing we did before. Create a new strands agent with those three same tools and that same system prompt and return the response. That's it okay. So now we have this wired up for Agent Core. Let's go ahead and see what that looks like. So back to my prompt here. Let's get a fresh screen. And from here um we can run it locally first of all. So just as a quick test what we can do is say, well let's make sure it's there. So Python agent core dot p y is what we called it. Right. And you might say to yourself, oh my gosh, it's not doing anything. But it is. It's actually spinning up a local server right now that we can use for testing purposes. So what I can do now is open up another tab and test it out. So if you're on Linux, you would just use the curl command to test this out. It's just running on port 8080 locally under the invocations endpoint here. So um let's go ahead and change that prompt to something else more interesting and say, uh, I don't know what is the current time because we know that's something this agent can do. And if you do want to pause and type that in, feel free to do so. But I'm just going to kick it off and we'll see if it actually hits that local server that strands an agent. Core is running right now. All right. We got a response back. Cool. Yes. The current time is that. And it worked. And over on the agent core side it logged the same thing. Let's go ahead and hit Ctrl C to shut that down. All right. So now to deploy it for reals I first need to configure it. And that's pretty easy I can just say agent core configure dash E. And then the name of the file that I want to deploy and dash R with the region that I'm deploying it to. And for me that's us East one. For you it might be something else, but make sure it's a region where Agent Core is supported. All right. That should walk me through what I need. So it's going to automatically create an execution role for me if I need it. So yes, go ahead and do that. Also it's going to create an ECR repository for me automatically. So that's very handy. So what's going to happen is we're going to create an endpoint on ECR that I can hit from the outside world here. And it's just going to make it all happen by magic which is kind of awesome. Now I do have a requirements.txt file here already. Let's take a quick peek at that because that is an important step. This just specifies the dependencies. And for me that's going to be bedrock agent core strands agents and strands agents tools. So you do need to have that requirements file. So it can be sure to install those on that ECR endpoint. And we did find that. So I'm going to stick with that. And do we want authorization. No. Um we could integrate something like Cognito into this system if we wanted to make sure that we had authenticate to hit this endpoint. Now in the real world, that's going to be a very good idea, right? Because you don't want the whole world hitting your agent and racking up your costs for a LMS all the time. So that's more of an advanced topic. But for the purpose of the exam, you just need to know that you can do that. We're going to skip that for now though. And of course there is a whole separate course on Agent Core that gets into those details. All right. So our configuration is complete. Next we need to launch it and actually get it out in production. So agent core launch just like it's telling us to do. And it's going off and spinning off ECR. It's just that easy. Let's just wait for it to finish. All right. So a couple of minutes later, we got this, uh, successful deployment in front of us. So yeah, let's see if it actually works. So like it says, let's try a agent core status and make sure that it's fully spun up first. You know, it might actually take a few extra minutes for it to really be done. And it says it's available. All right. So the next thing we can try is to test it. All right. So let's try that invoke command. And the trick here is to escape those quotes in just the right way. So so make sure we're escaping that first, uh, double quote there and also the last two as well. And let's kick that off. And this will compute five plus seven in the most computationally inefficient way you can imagine. But it worked. It came back. It says, hey, the answer is 12. And our chicken is proud and strutting. That is awesome. All right. So this is actually in the cloud folks. So this is running in the real world. So anyone in the world could hit this thing and talk to our virtual chicken. Uh, let's see what that looks like in the console. So if we head over to bedrock agent core console. Where do we put you? It does have its own console separate from bedrock. And if we go to agent runtime. Sure enough, there it is, sitting there ready and waiting on version one. So that all happened automatically. Now we do need to make sure we clean up after our mess. So back to our prompt here. Let's remember to type in Agent Core Destroy. And that should get rid of most of our resources there. But we definitely want to make double double sure. Yes I really do want to bring it down. Interesting. So it is warning me that something might have been left over. So let's go double check things, shall we? So back to our console. Let's go ahead and refresh this. Yeah it's still in deleting status so let's wait for that to actually finish for a minute. All right. While we're waiting for that to delete, let's go ahead and play with Agent Squad in the meantime. So let's take a look at that code. And if you go to the squad demo Python file that's included in your materials, we can look at what's going on here. You can see it's a lot more code than we had going on in strands. Right? So even though Agent Squad is doing a much simpler task of just orchestrating and kind of routing prompts to the right agent, um, it's not quite as simple. Uh, part of that is because the built in strands support for agent squad, it doesn't quite work right now. So it turns out that the version of strands that it was built against is currently deployed. It does not match the current version of strands. And that leads to a mismatch when we're importing things. So as a workaround I've created a simple wrapper here called the strands adapter agent that just wraps the strands format with what Agent Squad expects. And it's not a whole lot of code, but that's all that's really going on here. This is just a wrapper. And we could wrap anything here. Right. So I could wrap Agent Core two. I could actually wrap the very simple Python code it takes to talk to Agent Core in production and stick that here. If I wanted to actually hit that externally as its own separate service too. But in this case, I'm going to be running my strands agent locally as part of this agent squad deployment. And that's another thing to call out too. So I am just running this locally. So if you did want to actually run this on the cloud with Agent Squad, it's up to you to actually deploy that somewhere on ECS or some sort of inference endpoint. Right. So that's not going to happen automatically like it does with Agent Core. All right. So we've got that kind of adapter wrapper here. We are telling it what it does. So some important information that the agent squad needs to know about how to route stuff to this agent. We need to give it a name and a description that describes well what it does. So it can know that if I want a calculator operation or I want to know the time, or if I want to count keywords, send it to the strands adapter agent that's going to be wrapping my strands agent. And by the way, uh, so what we've done here to make that actually work, we are importing our strands agent from the strands agent file that we just looked at. And we're just going to call that strands SDK agent internally. And that's how we're referring to that Strand's code within this code. Then we create also a bedrock LM agent. This is an agent squad thing where we can just have a general bedrock assistant with whatever model we want. In this case, we're going to be using Claude three sonnet and uh, uh, you know, this is going to be fragile, folks. So I gotta warn you, you have to make sure you have just the right model here. It has to be one that actually supports, um, inference, and it has to be one that hasn't been marked as legacy already. So this particular model as of this recording ticks both of those boxes. But going forward it might not work. So you might have to experiment with different model IDs to see what does work. You might want to refer to the agent Squad GitHub repository and the samples in there to get some guidance on what might be working now, assuming that it keeps being maintained. All right, so then we get into the guts of agent squad itself. We just create an agent squad orchestrator here, which is nothing more than the agent squad object. We then add agents to it to pick from. So we say, okay agent squad orchestrator, you can have a strands agent that does chicken stuff, and you can have a bedrock MLM agent for everything else. So the idea here is that the agent squad will automatically route the appropriate queries to strands and the rest of that bedrock MLM. And we have a little bit of a helper text here to extract the text and make it pretty before we print it. And you know, to be fair, the texts that came back from Agent Core also needed to be parsed as well. And then we have our own little chat loop here to actually do something. And again, this is more code than we needed with with strands. So we're going to kick off our agent squad demo. Um, and we will go ahead and sit around and wait for input until you type in quit or Exit. Uh, once you type in a prompt, we're going to send that off to our orchestrator and call route request. And that should just automagically send it to the right agent under the hood. And we'll tell you which one it chose and the text that came back. So pretty simple. And when we when we kick this off as a standalone script, it will just kick off that chat loop there and off it goes. So let's play. Let's start with a fresh slate here and we'll Python squad demoed out. Hopefully it'll work. All right. We've got a prompt. So let's ask it something that our chicken knows about. Um, what is the current time? And the orchestrator should be saying, well, I know that my strands agent can do time stuff. Let's send it there. And sure enough, our chicken came back and is telling us the current time. And if we ask it something that that agent does not know about, it should route it to that general agent instead. Right? So let's say, um, what is the meaning of life? Something a chicken can answer. And this might take a little bit of extra time because we're not streaming the response in this particular demo. Uh, there is some sample code in the Agent Squad GitHub repository that shows you how to do that. But hey, it worked. So it says that it chose the general bedrock assistant here and gave me back the response from that LM model. So that is agent squad in action as well. Let's exit out of that And let's just make sure that we, uh, lost all of our resources, that they were properly destroyed from Agent Corps. All right, so at this point, we are now showing nothing under runtime agents. I do want to double check in ECR, though, and make sure they're really gone. Aha. It's still there. Very sneaky agent core. This is the sort of thing that happens with bedrock a lot unfortunately. So same thing happens with knowledge bases. You know if you delete a knowledge base, it does not delete your underlying OpenSearch serverless instance. And that will keep billing you. Same deal here. We have an ECR repository out there. We want to get rid of it. So let's go ahead and select that and delete it manually. All right. We took care of that. All right. So that is just a registry. It wasn't necessarily deploying stuff. But let's just double check X as well. Looks like we're empty. So good. All right. I think we're all cleaned up, folks. So there it is. All right, that's your demo, folks. We use strands agents, which we saw super easy. We used Agent Core to deploy that to the world, which is also super easy except for shutting it down. And we also used Agent Squad and showed how that can handle orchestration as well as an alternate approach. Honestly though, Agent Squad. Yeah, I'm not sure how useful it is these days, you know? Sorry guys, but, um, there's nothing it's doing that you can't do more simply in Amazon flows or in strands agents. So, you know, you can imagine an Amazon flow that did the same thing there, right there using conditions. So I could have set up a flow that had a prompt that went into some sort of a classifier. LM we saw this pattern earlier, and then based on the classification of that report, we could route that to different agents within Amazon flows much more simply and visually. So yeah, I think it's probably going to be subsumed by strands agents and agent flows. We'll see. All right. But that's some hands on experience for you. So I hope that makes the world of agents in AWS bedrock make a little bit more sense.