An important thing in the world of Agentic AI is Model Context Protocol, or MCP for short. Something anthropic came up with a while ago, but it's really caught on. It's a standardized interface for interactions between agents and tools, and the cool thing is that this enables you to use external tools that are offered by third parties. So anthropic described it originally as a USB-C port for AI applications. So it's a standardized interface for getting context or additional information or capabilities from external third party systems. Potentially doesn't have to be third party. It could be your own as well, but it's just a standard protocol for extending your AI agents with other stuff, you know. And what what could that other stuff be? So in this diagram on the right here, you can see that you have your AI application at the top. It goes through the MCP layer. And that MCP protocol can front a bunch of other stuff. Maybe it's access to data or file systems or databases locally. Maybe it's development tools locally, maybe it's productivity tools. There's tons of examples out there, but they could be local. They could be external, I don't care. It all looks the same to MCP. Now technically the data layer is Json-rpc 2.0. I don't think you'll have to know that. But just so you know and the transport layer is either standard I o for local stuff or HTTP streaming for external stuff. So it just gives you access to external tools from your Agentic AI system with a consistent interaction pattern. So it's a standard on how apps provide context back to your foundation model, to your LLM system, and pretty much any agent SDK has model context protocol support. MCP support is kind of a table stakes these days for these for these SDKs. And that includes the strands SDK. So strands also has support for MCP baked into it. Okay. What do these servers do. Well the way it works is that they can expose tools, resources and prompts. So they might give you back prompts on how to use them. And they might expose tools that you can use to extend the capabilities of your system or resources to provide additional context back to your system. Okay. And just to make it real and kind of wrap your head around some examples here, a popular one is GitHub. So GitHub has an MCP interface that will allow you to interact with your code repository on GitHub and do stuff as stuff's being checked in or whatever, or getting information about repositories. So there's a common interface for that. Atlassian. If you want a system that can automatically read your JIRA tickets. There's an MCP server for that PostgreSQL. If you want to interact with a local database or a database within your enterprise, or even outside of your enterprise, there's an MCP server for that. There's an MCP server for slack. If you want to integrate with slack messages as part of your system. Google maps Even Udemy has an MCP server for allowing their Udemy business partners to get information about relevant Udemy courses for a given learning path. How do you deploy your own? So this is something that definitely comes up on the exam guide. So you got a couple of choices here. And the way they frame it is that if you're doing something that's stateless and lightweight, something simple where there's no state you need to maintain across different requests, they would recommend using AWS Lambda to host that MCP server because, well, that's what lambdas for stateless lightweight stuff, right? If you do need to do something more complicated, Amazon ECS is an option. Just like bedrock Agent Core deploys stuff to ECS. Maybe your MCP server could go to ECS as well. Speaking of Agent Core, you can also deploy MCP servers through Agent Core as well. And that's the last point on this slide. And Fargate could be on top of that as well. Um, it also recommends using API gateway potentially as a way to expose MCP endpoints. And it also encourages using MCP client libraries whenever possible to abstract away all the complexities of the protocol. So don't reinvent the wheel if you don't need to. Obviously write use client libraries. So that's the stuff that the exam guide calls out. If things you want to know about MCP. AWS also has some official MCP architecture guidance on their blog. It's more complicated than what the exam guide and skill builder talk about, but you can see that the guts of it are the same. So if you look over on the right there, that little dotted box that says MCP server, you can see that we have the Fargate ECS option there, as well as Lambda as two different options. So again, the ECS Fargate stuff for more complicated stuff. If you just have stateless, lightweight stuff, Lambda is going to be your better choice. But we've wrapped that with the authentication Cognito storing authentication credentials and DynamoDB CloudWatch potentially ECR for managing your containers. Uh, WAF for protecting your front end, CloudFront for extending it. So you can see you can build this whole thing around it. But the exam is really more focused on the inner guts of it, you know, am I choosing ECS or Lambda for a given problem? Again, Lambda for stateless lightweight access ECS for more complicated stuff.