A way to extend a genetic AI systems, or AI systems in general, is by injecting humans in the loop. Sometimes you need a little bit of human judgment when you can't trust the API. If you're doing something more complicated, and this can refer to any number of things really. So it could be as simple as just how humans consume AI generated content. So if you are having ChatGPT prepare a document for you and then you refine the draft of that document yourself, well, you're a human in the loop. But usually we're talking more about workflows, right. So you could envision a system that has an escalation criteria set into it. So if it has a complex or uncertain thing and it detects that it's kind of going off the rails, it might say, ah, have a human take care of this for me and route that to a human operator somehow. So an example would be customer service, right? You know, if you're dealing with a customer and you're just not getting anywhere with resolving that through the AI agent, maybe the AI agent can somehow recognize that it's not getting somewhere and automatically escalate that to a human being for attention by filing a ticket that goes to a human or something like that. Right? So internally it might have confidence scores or risk assessments that it's using to evaluate that where it says, okay, the confidence of my response is not above this threshold. So maybe I should get a human involved and actually route this to a human being to look at. And that's where MCP integrations might come into play, right? So that might be used to fire off a JIRA ticket or something with some external ticketing system to get human attention on the matter. It can also be referencing human feedback. So just, you know, in the training and improving of models, something you've probably seen when you're using ChatGPT is sometimes it will give you two responses to choose between. And that's an example of a human in the loop to fine tune and refine that system by injecting your human preferences into it. And sometimes that's a good thing. Sometimes it's a bad thing. You know, you might remember a period where ChatGPT was really a sycophantic and, uh, really was overly fawning over the user. That's a result of that going sideways, by the way. Uh, but, you know, it is a valid approach. So if you do want to collect that explicit feedback on the results and, you know, modify your model based on that feedback and choose between different models that way, uh, one way of doing that is this architecture on the right here, uh, you can have an API gateway fronting a Lambda function that in turn goes down to DynamoDB that stores that preference information. So that feedback collection could be stored in DynamoDB in that situation. And you would also need to obviously, to index that in such a way that I can analyze it later on. So this might be a good way to measure which foundation model is performing best from a human standpoint. Which variant of that model? Which fine tune model is doing the best job of making your human users happy? So you need some way of collecting that feedback and analyzing it later. Maybe using DynamoDB, fronted by Lambda, fronted by API gateway would be one way of doing that.