So going into the exam, we need to have a much better understanding of advanced IAM concepts. So this lecture is going to be dedicated to explaining to you a few things that you think are granted but it's always good to see them outlined in diagrams. So the first one is the authorization model and how policies are evaluated. So since this is a simplified model by the way, it's a lot more complicated, but hopefully that gives you a good idea about how that works. If there's an explicit deny in your policy then you end the decision with a deny. If there's an allow, you end the decision with allow. And else, you deny. So what does it look like? Say for example, that a user wants to create a DynamoDB table, the decision starts with deny. So by default, it can't do it. Then all the policies attached to that user will be evaluated. So for example, if we have a policy attached to our user, this will be what goes into this all applicable policies. Then we'll look at the policy. Is there an explicit deny in the policy? Is there somewhere in the policy that says, "Users cannot create DynamoDB tables"? If so, the final decision is deny, no matter what. Then, only then, the allow will be evaluated. So is there an allow statement, allowing the user to create a DynamoDB table? Yes, then the final decision is allow. No, then the final decision is deny. So if there's both an explicit deny and an explicit allow in the policy, as you can see the deny will win because the explicit deny condition is evaluated first. So remember that diagram, it's really important. Now comes the fun part. How does IAM policies work with S3 bucket policies? So IAM policies, we know they're attached to users, roles and groups, whereas S3 bucket policies, they're attached to buckets and they both define what users can do on the bucket. So when we evaluate in IAM, IAM principle maybe can put an object into an S3 bucket. What will be evaluated is the union of the IAM policy and the S3 bucket policy. So this is something that is not really well known. So if you take an action in S3, you look at the IAM policy plus the S3 bucket policy in union together, so all these rules are added together and that will give you the total policy that will be evaluated from a security standpoint. Something to know about. So that means that, for example, if you have an EC2 instance and you remove the S3 policies in the IAM policy, but there's still an S3 bucket policy authorizing the EC2 instance to do something, then it will still be able to do stuff in S3. So very important to know this. Let's go through four examples just to make sure this is really really clear and pause the video if you need to just to make sure you understand correctly. So say you have an IAM role attached to an EC2 instance and it authorizes reads and writes to my bucket. There's no S3 bucket policy attached. In this case, can the EC2 instance write and read to the bucket? Yes, it can. Because the union of these two things, is that our EC2 instance has the right to read and write to my bucket. Okay, second example. We have an IAM role attached to the EC2 instance and it authorizes the read writes to my bucket but this time, the S3 bucket policy is attached to the S3 bucket and there's an explicit deny to the IAM role used by that EC2 instance. In this case, is the EC2 instance allowed or denied to write to the bucket? Well it cannot read from the bucket because there is now an explicit deny in the union policy and we've seen that explicit denies have higher priority than explicit allow. So in this case, our EC2 instance cannot read and write to my bucket. Example three. We have an IAM role attached to the EC2 instance and there's no such thing as S3 bucket permissions in it. It's an empty role. And from the S3 bucket policy that's attached to the S3 bucket, there's explicit read write allow to the IAM role used by the EC2 instance. In this case, can our EC2 instance read and write to our bucket? The answer is yes, it can because the union policy, again, has the read write allow from the S3 bucket policy and so our EC2 instance, even though within its IAM role it's not specified that it can do stuff in S3, the S3 bucket policy will still allow this and so our EC2 instance can read and write to my bucket. Last example, the IAM role attached to the EC2 instance has an explicit deny and the S3 bucket allows it, in which case, well then you probably know the answer to that, the EC2 instance cannot read and write to my bucket because of that explicit deny. So hopefully through those four examples it makes it more clear about how policies are evaluated when you have both an IAM role and an S3 bucket policy. Now let's consider another advanced IAM concept called dynamic policy. So how do you assign, for example, a /home/ user folder in an S3 bucket, such as each user in your IAM organization will have their own folder and can read and write to it only? Option one is, for example, you can create an IAM policy allowing your Georges to have access to /home/georges. Maybe you create another IAM policy allowing your user Sarah in IAM to have access to /home/sarah. And maybe do this thing for Matt, /home/matt. So you'll have one IAM policy per user and every time you add a new user, you will have to create an IAM policy allowing them access to their own home directory. So this doesn't scale obviously, right? Option two is, as you can expect, using dynamic policy in IAM and just creating one of them. And you will leverage a special policy variable called ${aws:username}. And this at runtime, because it's dynamic, will be replaced by the value of the AWS username. So now what you can do is that if you want to allow your user to write to their own folder, you can just have this very simple dynamic policy in which you say, and you can attach this to all users, you're saying that you have the right to access /home/${aws:username} And that's it, very simple but now that you know that dynamic policies and dynamic variables exist within IAM, it expands the possibilities of IAM so much. The idea is that you don't want to have one policy per user, you want to have one policy for every user yet that is customized on a per user basis, thanks to the replacement dynamically of the AWS username. Last but not least, let's talk about the difference between inline and managed policy. So there's three kind of policy in AWS. There's the AWS managed policy and as the name indicates, they're maintained by AWS, you don't have any control over them and they're good if you want to define power users or administrators or based on job functions. And they will updated by AWS in case they create new services or they introduce new APIs. So they're very helpful if you want to have your administrators, for example, and we've been using those all along. Then you have customer managed policy. This time, it's you who create these policies and it's best practice to use them if you want to have more granular control. They will be reusable, they can be applied to as many principles as you want. They will have version control, you'll be able to rollback these policies if you want to in time. There is a central change management so you can see who did what and whom. And they're great and by the AWS documentation they are best practice. Finally, you have inline policy and the inline policies are directly within a principle. They're strict one-to-one relationship between the policy and the principle. They're not version control, you cannot roll them back, you cannot really alter them very easily. And if you delete the IAM principle, the policy will be deleted. So remember the differences between these three. Let me just show you how they are in the IAM console. So here I am in AWS IAM. And so on the left-hand side, I can click on Policies and here I'm able to see all the policies that have been created. So I can filter them maybe by AWS managed policy and here we go, we can for example see that this one is AlexaForBusinessFullAccess or AlexaForBusinessReadOnlyAccess and you have those for pretty much every single service. So if I typed DynamoDB, I see all these kind of policies. We have DynamoDBFullAccess, DynamoDBFullAccesswithDataPipeline, ReadOnlyAccess, Autoscaling, Lambda, all that stuff, and the ReplicationService. So we can very quickly see all the policies and as you can see, those are AWS managed. You can also see your customer managed policies and they're the one, and let me remove the filter, they're the one that we have created through this course. So we have some CodeBuilds, CodePipeline, Lamda and so on and these are customer managed. So if I click on one of those, for example, I can see the permissions and I could see the version, the policy version so in this case there's only one version and I can see the policy usage, meaning what is using this policy. So it makes it very easy and auditable and customizable at the very same time. Finally, there's inline policy and you will not find them here. You will find them in your Users, in my name and here on the right-hand side, I'm able to add an inline policy through the service, for example EC2, and give myself list permissions. Now I want to show you something so I'll say, "Okay, list permissions." And there's 95 of those selected and this is excellent. On the Resources, I don't need to specify any resource. So I click on Review policy and I'll call this MyInlinePolicy and click on Create policy and something you'll notice right here is that I cannot create this because my policy max bytes is two kilobytes and it's been exceeded for this user so by using an inline policy you're actually not able to specify many many different things. So in this case, if we go previously and look at the JSON, as you can see there's a lot of different text and that probably goes over two kilobytes so I cannot use this policy. Instead I could, instead of using List, select one of these attributes and now hopefully my inline policy will work. Yes, it has worked. And as we can see now, I have now attached to my own user MyInlinePolicy which is an inline policy. And from there it is actually linked to my user but as you can see it's not very handy, not very auditable and it has some restrictions in size. So that's it, I hope that was helpful. I hope you learned a lot in IAM and that you'll use those concepts accordingly and I will see you in the next lecture.