Okay. So now let's talk about Microsoft active directory and AWS directory services. So in case you don't know what Microsoft AD is, it is a software that is found on any windows server with AD domain services. And it's a database of objects and you objects can be user accounts computers, printers, file, share security groups. So all your users manage within your entire Microsoft ecosystem on premise is going to be managed by Microsoft active directory. And there's going to be a centralized security management. You can create account, assigned permissions and so on. And all the objects will be organized into a tree. And a group of tree is called a forest, that's just for some terminology. So, let's take an example. We have a domain controller and we're going to create an account on it. We create an account. Username is "John" and the password is "password". And the idea is that all the other windows machines we have within our network are going to be connected to the domain controller so that, if we're using the John password on the first machine, is going to look it up in the controller and say, yes, we have that login and then allow you to log in from that machine. So all these machines are going to be connected to your domain controller, and that allows you to have the users accessible on any single machine. So that's the whole idea behind active directory in a very, very high level. Now we have AWS directory services, which is to provide you a way to create an active directory on AWS. And we have three flavors on it. We don't have to do a deep dive on them but you have to understand the differences between these three flavors. The first one is AWS, manage Microsoft AD to create your own active directory in AWS. And you can manage users locally and it supports multifactor authentication. The idea is that with this standalone active directory you can also create a trust connection with your on premise AD, where you have your own users there as well. And what that means is that your AD in here, for example, can be trusted with the on premise AD. So AWS trust the on-premise AD and on-premise AD trust AWS. And so that means that if your users authenticate it to the rights, use an account that is not managed by AWS, It can go and look up the accounts into the on-premise active directory. And, similarly, if an on-premise directory user goes and authenticate to your on premise AD using the a AWS accounts, it can be trusted to go and look it up. So here our users are going to be shared between our on-premise active directory and AWS. Okay. A little bit complicated. I know if you're new to this, but hopefully it makes sense. The AD connector is a little bit different. This is a direct gateway proxy to redirect to on-premise AD and it supports MFA, if you need multifactor authentication And the users are solely managed into the on-premise AD. So here is the example. In this example, our AD connector is just acting as a proxy. So if the users to you authenticate with our AD connector, it's going to proxy the request back to our on-premise AD and look it up. So the idea here is that, in the first case with Microsoft manage Microsoft AD, we have users sitting in AWS manage AD and users sitting in on-premise AD. Whereas, with AD connector, as the name indicates, it connects the proxies, the queries, the, the connection request back to our on-premise active directory and the only place where we can manage users is going to be on the on-premise AD. Finally, you have simple AD and it's an AD compatible managed directory on AWS. It doesn't use Microsoft directory. And it cannot be joined with a non-premise active directory. So, the idea is that if you don't have an on-premise AD and you need an active directory for your AWS cloud, then you can have just a simple AD as a standalone thing. And the idea here is that, using active directory, you can create easy two instances that are going to be running windows. And these windows instances can join the domain controllers for your network and share all the logins and the credentials and so on. So this is why we want to have a directory in AWS to have a directory closer to your EC2 instances running windows. And hopefully that makes sense. Now the exam should ask you some very very high level question saying we want to proxy our users to on-premise and therefore you need AD connector or we want to manage our users on the cloud in AWS and have MFA and therefore you need AWS manage AD or we just want the simple AD and we don't have any on-premise stuff. In this case, you want a simple AD. So if you go to the console and type directory service, we can see the different options offered to us. I'll just go through them at a high level because they can be complicated to set up individually. But so we have four options and actually the fourth one is Amazon Cognito User Pool which is redirecting you to the Cognito service, so that don't count this into directory services. So we have AWS manage Microsoft AD where we can have an active directory that's going to be integrated with AWS cloud and can have a trust relationship with your on-premise directory and to set it up you can see it's two additions the standard edition up to 30,000 objects or the enterprise edition up to 500,000 objects. So a lot more. And then you need to set it up and then won't go over the setup because this is more AD specific and you don't need to know this for the exam. This next one is simple AD, which is going to be a standalone managed directory that is, has a active directory compatible API but it cannot be connected to your on-premise active directory. Or AD connector, which is a proxy for redirecting directory request to your existing Microsoft active directory on premise and is designed for you have two levels. You have a connector for up to 500 users or you have a connector for up to 5,000 users. Okay. So remember the first one supports MFA. The second one is just standalone and AD connector is a proxy. All right, that's it for this lecture. I will see you in the next lecture.