So now let's talk about S3 access points. So let's take an example of an S3 bucket that has a lot of data. We have finance data. We have sales data. And we have different users or groups that want to access their data. We could create a very complicated S3 bucket policy and make it grow over time. But the more users, the more data you have, the more unmanageable this may become. So what is the solution? Well, we can create what's called S3 access points. So we can, for example, create a finance access point that is going to be connected to the finance data. How is it connected to the finance data. Well we're going to define an access point policy. And this policy looks just like an S3 bucket policy. And it's going to rain to grant read write access to the finance prefix. Then we can define an access point. And again this will be connected to the sales data thanks to an access point policy, a different one attached to this access point which is going to grant, read and write access to the sales prefix. As you can see, I now have two policy. And if I want to have an analytics access point, well, we can create it so that it points to finance and sales. But in read only access. So we're going to create our own read only policy on the analytics access point. So as you can see here, we have pushed the security management from the S3 bucket policy into the access points. And each access point will have its own security. Therefore, with the proper IAM permissions, then our users can access the access point and connect only to the finance part of our bucket. The users as well for sales can only access the sales and the analytics group can access finance and sales at the same time. So by using access points, we define different ways to access our S3 buckets. And the result of that is that we have a very simple way to manage security. We have policies attached to each access point. And also we have a very simple bucket policy on Amazon S3. Therefore, we can really scale access to our S3 buckets. So to summarize, access points simplify security management for S3 buckets. And each access point will have its own DNS name. That's how you connect to the access point. You can choose it to be connected to the internet as an origin or a VPC for private traffic. And then you attach again an access point policy, which is very similar to a bucket policy. And this allows you to manage security at scale. Regarding the VPC origin of S3 access points, we can define them to be privately accessible. So that's for example an EC2 instance in a VPC accesses without going through the internet. Our S3 bucket through the VPC access point through VPC origin. So to do so, to get access to this VPC origin, we must create what's called a VPC endpoints to access the access point. So it's something in our VPC that will allow us to connect privately into the access point through our VPC origin. And then this VPC endpoint has a policy. And this policy must allow access to the target bucket and the access points. So the VPC endpoint policy will allow our EC2 instance to connect to both the VPC, the access point on Amazon S3, and the S3 buckets. So in this case we have VPC endpoints for security. We also have security for the access point policy and security at the S3 bucket level. All right that's it for access points I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.