And also you can use automatic scaling. This is really cool. So within SageMaker, when you're deploying stuff to production, deploying your inference model, you can set up a scaling policy and define target metrics that you care about the minimum and maximum capacity that you want to allocate to this service, cool down periods and things like that, and it will automatically add more or fewer inference nodes to your deployment as needed. So obviously that can save a lot of money too. It works alongside CloudWatch to monitor the performance of your inference nodes and scale them as needed. It will dynamically adjust the number of instances for a production variant based on that data. So it's not just looking at the entire model as a whole. It's looking at individual production variants. So as you're changing the amount of traffic that goes to different production variants at runtime, it will work alongside that information and make sure that it's actually scaling up each variant accordingly. Now, one good best practice here is to load test your configuration before you actually use it. So you want to make sure that whatever scaling policy you set up actually works the way you expect. Otherwise, very bad things could happen. If you don't get that scaling policy right, You could end up not having enough capacity or having way more than you need. So you want to make sure that it's working good in a test environment before you actually deploy automatic scaling into production. One last note surrounding resource usage is the use of availability zones in SageMaker. It's good to know that SageMaker will automatically attempt to distribute your instances across different availability zones for better resiliency, but obviously you're going to need more than one instance for that to work, so I can't distribute your inference across multiple availability zones if I only have one instance to work with. That's a good reason to deploy multiple instances for every production endpoint, even if maybe you only need one of them by having more than one instance, I can spread that out and make your application as a whole much more resilient to failure. And also, you should make sure that your VPC, if you're using any custom VPCs with SageMaker, they should be configured with at least two subnets, each of them in a different availability zone. So that way we can make sure that things are being deployed across different availability zones. So if there's a catastrophic failure in one place, your application will keep on running regardless.