So once you've got a model trained and you're happy with it, you need to deploy it, right? So you need to get this model out there on inference endpoints that you can hit from your application to make predictions, whether it's real time or batch or whatever. So a model is no good until it's out into production, right? So how do I do that? Well, there's a few ways to go about deploying a model to production for actual inference by the real world and by inference, by the way, we just mean making predictions, using that model to make predictions for new data that we haven't seen before. The easiest way is using SageMaker Jumpstart. And by using Jumpstart, you can just say, hey, I want to use this model, go do it for me. And it gives you this template, this notebook that does it all. So it has a way of deploying pre-trained models that might be useful for common use cases, and it can deploy those to pre-configured endpoints for that model. So if you don't want to think about it too much, you can just use Jumpstart. If you have a common use case that's already been solved, and use that to just do it all for you. You just run it and off it goes. And you have your pre-trained model deployed to endpoints so you can hit for inference from whatever you want. Another way that's a little bit more complex would be using the model builder from the SageMaker Python SDK. So if you want a little bit more control over how that deployment works, then you can configure your deployment settings from code using the model builder from the SageMaker Python SDK. And if you want even more robust control, you can use AWS CloudFormation. So if you're more advanced user and you need more consistent and repeatable deployments, maybe this is part of a larger CI CD system. CloudFormation can be a tool for managing that and one little snippet of extra information there. The actual name of the resource you would use for SageMaker with CloudFormation would be AWS SageMaker model. To specify a model that you want to host at a given SageMaker endpoint. Few more things about inference and some of the choices you might make. This is definitely the sort of thing that the exam loves to test you on. So one type of inference is real time inference. So this is often the case. You know, you have some sort of an external application that says hey, for example maybe I got this new person applying for a credit card. These are the properties of that person. Is this likely fraudulent or not? So that would be an example of real time inference where I have an interactive workload with very low latency requirements. So I want to say, hey, I've got this new data I've never seen before. I need an answer right now for this one thing, and I need it fast. So that's an example of real time inference. You can also use Amazon SageMaker serverless inference to do that. So if you don't want to deal with the infrastructure that's actually running those servers that provide those predictions, there is serverless inference available that will manage that for you. And that's going to be a good choice if your workload has a lot of idle time. So if there are periods of time where you have no traffic and you want to save money during that idle time, serverless can save you some money. In that instance, uh, if your traffic is more even and steady over time, it might not save you anything, right? But if you have idle periods or uneven traffic, serverless might be the way to go. You also need to be able to tolerate cold starts. So if you do have an idle period and your serverless instance says I'm going to go to sleep for a while. When it comes back to life, when it hits a new request, it might take a little bit longer than you'd like. So if you have very strict latency requirements, serverless might not be the best choice. Now, in addition to real time, you can also have asynchronous inference. So this gives you fast latency but with a catch right. So let's say you have a very large payload size. You want to make a prediction. But you have like up to a gigabyte of information that's going to be used to make that prediction. And that large amount of data means that it also requires long processing times. So in that case, asynchronous inference might be the choice that allows you to provide that data very quickly. And it will just say, okay, I'm going to go to on that for a while and process that request asynchronously and then give you back the result when it's ready later on. So technically that gives you near real time latency, because you can very quickly give it the data and it will very quickly give you that data back once it's ready. The catch there is once it's ready. So there's two steps to that process. You say, here's my data, I want a prediction sometime in the future and asynchronously will give you back that prediction whenever it's ready. So that's going to be appropriate for interactive workloads, but where it might take a while to generate that result and you don't want your application sitting there blocking waiting for an answer. Also, there are auto scaling capabilities with SageMaker inference, so you can use that to dynamically adjust your computing resources for endpoints based on traffic. So not quite serverless, but it's managing some of that for you. So if you do get a sudden surge in traffic, you don't necessarily need to be woken up in the middle of the night to go add more servers to your inference fleet. Auto scaling can handle that for you automatically. So kind of a middle ground between managed and unmanaged there. And finally we should mention the use of SageMaker neo. So neo can automatically optimize your models for specific environments. So for example, if you're deploying to AWS inferentia chips which are optimized for inference, running SageMaker neo on your model might be a way to make it perform even better. So remember, SageMaker neo is an important tool in your tool chest for making your inference even faster.