I'm also going to spend a little bit more time on SageMaker model monitor. Although this is also a relatively new feature, it is starting to show up in the exam already. The idea here is to get alerts automatically on quality deviations on your deployed models. So once you deploy a model, you don't want to just let it run forever without anybody watching it. Things can drift over time and biases can creep in, and the quality can degrade as the properties of your training data or your real world data coming in change over time. So this lets you keep an eye on it automatically. It works through CloudWatch so you can automatically get notifications once things change to some extent that warrants your attention. One thing it lets you do is visualize what we call data drift. So an example of data drift. Let's say again we're doing a loan model. And maybe it starts giving people more credit due to drifting or missing input features. So perhaps over time people's incomes are rising because of inflation. Or we're missing some data because people have stopped collecting it for whatever reason. So as your data that you're using to train the model changes, that's called data drift. And it allows you to visualize that over time and maybe even alert you if things start to change too much. Model monitor can also be used to detect anomalies and outliers. So if you're starting to see new anomalies and outliers in your data model, monitor can be set up to watch for that over time and alert you when it sees new things. It can also be used to alert you to new features showing up in your data as well that you didn't see before. So if you have more information coming in, maybe you want to take advantage of that, you know? Or maybe it's a new feature that's meant to replace an old one. That's an important thing to know about, right? So Model Monitor will tell you automatically if new features are coming in that you need to think about. And as with a lot of these newer SageMaker features, no code is needed. You can set this all up through SageMaker studio and a web based dashboard if you want to. We talked about Clarifai briefly before in the context of AutoML and SageMaker autopilot. SageMaker Model Monitor also integrates with Clarifai, and again, Clarifai is meant to detect potential bias. So Model Monitor can work with Clarifai to tell you when new biases seem to be emerging in your deployed model. For example, you might be seeing imbalances across different groups or ages or income brackets, and you might want to understand what's going on there. If there's a sudden change in what features are contributing the most to your predictions. Again, you want to keep the eye out for potential bias in your data that you need to address, because that might not be real. So with model monitor, you can monitor for bias and also be alerted to new potential bias through CloudWatch. As with most things, it integrates with CloudWatch and also it helps to explain the model behavior. Again, it will understand help you understand which features contributed the most to the predictions that you're making. So it's just giving you transparency on what's going on. And when integrated with Model Monitor, it can actually alert you when things change, when you start to see new biases emerging that weren't there before. Some more details on model Monitor. The data is stored in S3 and it can be secured there like you would with anything in S3. Through all of S3's usual security measures. You need to set up what's called a monitoring schedule to run these monitoring jobs over time, repeatedly. That's just another step in deploying them. And these metrics again are emitted to CloudWatch. So from there you can do whatever you want. You can use CloudWatch notifications to trigger alarms. And then when you get that alarm you can take corrective actions such as retraining the model or auditing the data to see what's going on. Model monitor also integrates with TensorBoard, QuickSight, and Tableau, or you can just visualize the results within SageMaker studio. The things you can monitor specifically are drifts in data quality and by data quality, we just mean the statistical properties of the features coming in. So you know, the mean, the standard deviation, the min, the max, things like that. And that's going to be relative to some baseline that you explicitly create. When you're creating your model monitor job. You can also create a baseline for model quality as opposed to data quality. So by model quality we mean things like accuracy RMSE, precision recall kind of depends on what you're trying to do, right. And as before you create a model quality baseline to measure things relative to, and it can alert you when things drift too far in terms of the quality of the predictions that you're making. You can also integrate the model quality monitor with ground truth labels, so you can actually see what humans are saying for classifications versus what your model is doing, and alert if that starts to diverge too much as well. It can also monitor bias drift like we talked about earlier using Clarifai. It will actually see if you're seeing new biases in your feature data. And it can also monitor feature attribution drift. So if we're seeing more drift in what features are attributed to your predictions, this is very similar to bias. It can alert you on that as well. This is more specific though. It's using a metric called normalized discounted cumulative Gain or Ndcg for short to compute feature attribution drift. And what that's going to do is compare the feature ranking of training versus live data. So it just looks at what features are the most important in a ranked order and sees how that's changing versus your between your training data and your live data that's coming in.