So we've seen the mechanics of how git works. How do you actually use it in the real world? What are some processes you might use to manage the flow of fixes throughout your source code? Well, kind of the old fashioned way of doing it is git flow, and this is still widely used. This diagram on the right here illustrating it was generated by Atlassian, which is a popular tool in the world of scrum. And honestly, I mean, the complexity of this has always been a turnoff to me. Like the idea is that you have a lot of different branches going on. So you have a main master branch, which is your current release that's in production. That's easy enough to understand, right? But then you might also have a develop branch, and that's going to be keeping track of any changes since the last release to Main or Master. In addition, you might have feature branches off on the side that are being used for developing specific features over time. And you might have release branches that are used to merge changes with the development branch that correspond to releases that ultimately go to production. And then you might also have hotfix branches that are being branched off of main for urgent fixes that need to be done right away that don't have these larger processes around features or longer term development. And as you can imagine, keeping all these things in sync and merging them can become a little bit of a nightmare. But that's what git flow is all about. That's what we call that workflow there. And there's a little bit of a example here of how that might work. You can see we have color coded branches here for master and a hotfix there that's being done off of master. We have a develop branch that's kind of for longer term development. That's kind of steadily going along there and purple. And then we have feature releases that are branching off of development for specific feature work. Again, it's a good way to compartmentalize things, but it gets really complicated. So kind of what's in style these days is what we call GitHub flow. And with GitHub flow there are only two branches. There's the main master branch and then you have feature branches and that's it. So if you have a new feature you want to work on, maybe that's, you know, something urgent, maybe it is a bug fix. You just make a feature branch to deal with that. And once you've tested that work, you merge it back to main. And the key here is that this only works if you're able to deploy that to production immediately. So you don't want things getting out of sync. We had all these different branches before to let you work in parallel on multiple things, but if you're integrating these changes immediately, then that problem goes away. But that's the catch right? So GitHub flow only works if you have the ability to release quickly. So that implies that you have a suite of automated tests and deployments that can be run quickly and automatically, and maybe the ability to even release multiple times per day as new features are being checked in. So the simplicity of this arrangement depends on your agility, your ability to actually get this stuff out quickly. So you've heard the expression move fast and break things. Well, that's kind of what GitHub flow enables. So whether that's a good thing or not, it's up to you. So there are trade offs here right. The old fashioned way if you will, of git flow allows you to do more stuff in parallel. But it does come at the cost of more complexity. GitHub flow is simpler, but it does imply that you're releasing things very, very frequently and well, for some applications that might not be appropriate.