So now let's see how we can secure CloudFront in our origin. So for Amazon S3 buckets, we've seen this architecture, and the idea is that we want to be able to prevent direct access to files in our S3 buckets so that they're only accessible through CloudFront. For this, we know we should use an Origin Access Control and associate it with your distribution. This was previously known as an OAI, but now it's an OAC. And then, once the OAC has been defined on CloudFront, then you edit your S3 bucket policy so that only the OAC has the permissions to do get object operations. And then any user trying to access your S3 buckets from outside your CloudFront distribution will be denied because of the bucket policy. Now it's going to get a little bit trickier when it comes to custom origins because there is no built-in way to do it. So the idea is that, for example, say we have an application balancer or we have an HTTP custom origin, maybe a web server, and we only want them to be accessible from CloudFront. So we have two ways of doing it, and one is going to be an application logic. So let's take the example of a user accessing our CloudFront edge location and is going to give it a few headers. Now, CloudFront is going to be set up so that what we get is that we're going to have a custom HTTP header added to the request that it will be sent into your ALB or your custom origin. So the idea now is that there's an X-Custom-Header that is customly added with some random content in it, and this gets passed onto the origin. Now the origin can be configured either at the ALB level or maybe your application level to only forward requests that contain that specific custom HTTP header, otherwise, it'll refuse the request. So in the ALB, you can set up a filter and saying, "Hey, if the request has this header, then please forward it to your downstream instances, else, just refuse the request." And the idea is that if a user tries to do a request directly against your ALB, then your ALB will not find the custom header it expects from CloudFront and, therefore, will deny this request. So, this will only work if the custom header name and values are kept secret, but this should be fine. Now, you can also have a second level of security into this setup, as we saw before, in which we can restrict the origin to only have a networking access from the CloudFront locations. And the CloudFront public IP addresses are available at the URL on the bottom right corner. So this gives you an application-level security, as well as a network-level security to access your custom origin. And if you wanted to post this architecture one step deeper, we can leverage WAF as a service. So the idea is that now we have the same architecture, so just simplified with an ALB because WAF is integrated directly with ALBs. And so we can have a WAF rule directly in front of CloudFront as a first level of security. And then CloudFront will add a custom HTTP header, for example, the X-Origin-Verify and whatever secret value you have in mind. And then, before reaching the ALB, it's going to reach a second level WAF. And this WAF will have a filtering rule set in place so that only the request that are having this HTTP header are passed on to the ALB. Then, if someone tried to directly access the ALB, it will have first to access it through your web application firewall. And then WAF will deny this request because it does not contain the custom HTTP header. So this time the filtering logic happens not at the ALB level, but at the WAF level, which may be easier to manage. Why? Well, because we can set up that secret header name and value in Secrets Manager with an auto-rotation policy for enhanced security. And then once in a while, this Secrets Manager will invoke a Lambda function. And this Lambda function will update the custom HTTP header with a new value in CloudFront directly using an API call, but also update it in WAF folder filtering rule. Meaning that we can probably rotate this every 30 days to have maximum level of security. So that's it for this lecture. This gives you a good idea into how you can secure network access into your origin by limiting in CloudFront. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.