Let's cover the high level machine learning design principles at AWS defines. And what we're going to do is go through every phase of the machine learning life cycle and see how these principles apply to that, and how that translates to best practices for each stage in your design. One is to assign ownership. You know, you want to make sure things don't go, um, neglected for a long time. It's very easy for things to go out of date or change or drift over time. So you want to make sure somebody owns these systems and they're keeping an eye on it and making sure they're working as intended. Provide protection. Make sure you have security controls so you know who's messing with your model and what kind of data is going in and coming out of it. Enable resiliency. These big machine learning models have a lot of moving parts, right? There's a lot of hardware involved and a lot of software involved in training and serving them. Want to make sure that you have fault tolerance in place so that if one of those servers goes down, you're not having a bad night and make sure it's recoverable. So if you do have some sort of a failure, you can pick up where you left off. That's especially important in training because if you have a huge training job going on and it fails two thirds of the way through, You don't want to have to start all over from the beginning because that can get really, really expensive. Speaking of that, enable reusability. Like I said, training these models can be very time consuming and very, very expensive. So you want to be able to reuse those train models whenever you can. Make sure you can reuse what you've done instead of reinventing the wheel every time at great expense. Enable reproducibility. So as your models evolve over time and they're trained with new data, or they're trained or they're using better models, their output is going to change in subtle ways, right. And if you want to be able to reproduce what you had at a given point in time, you need some form of version control for your models and the data it was trained on. Optimize your resources. So again, these things can get expensive. You want to make sure you're making efficient use of the resources that you have. You're choosing the most efficient hardware you can for the application you have at hand. And you're also, um, choosing the most efficient models that you can for the problem that you have. You know, not everything requires a gigantic model. Some things can get by with a small language model instead of a large language model. So think about that. And that ties into the principle of reducing cost. And this is a topic that's explicitly called out for this exam, making sure you understand techniques for managing cost. Um, these things can get very expensive very quickly. These giant servers with giant GPUs are not cheap. And in order to encourage adoption of these larger technologies, it's important to reduce the cost of using them. You also want to enable automation. So training these things is complicated and you don't want to be spending your day, you know managing that by hand. So in addition to continuous integration and continuous deployment for the software at play here, you also want to be thinking about continuous training KT as well, so that as new data is received, that's automatically being fed back into the training cycle and making your model improve over time. It's important, of course, to monitor that as well, that training data might introduce some sort of drift in your model that might be undesirable, or introduce bias that you don't want. So it's not enough just to continuously train your model. You also need to monitor it to make sure that that training is not having unintended effects. And that kind of ties in, again, to enabling continuous improvement. So you want to make sure that you're monitoring and analyzing the output of your model over time automatically. And you're keeping an eye on that sort of model drift and seeing if unintentional negative changes are happening over time. There's lots of anecdotal, uh, stories out there of people saying, hey, it's these models have evolved. They've actually gotten worse in some ways. And if that's true, you want to know about it before everybody else does and finally minimize their environmental impact. These models are extremely energy hungry. Right. So we're talking massive amounts of very, very energy hungry servers that are powering generative AI. And people are starting to worry about the environmental impact of all that. You know, the amount of energy in a data center is comparable to that of a city, and that adds up. So you want to think about the sustainability of the stuff that you're building. You know, don't just blindly spin up a bunch of expensive servers in a data center just because you can't see them doesn't mean that they're not having some undesired impact on the world. Use managed services when you can to make sure that you're not wasting resources, and you're only employing these services when they're actually needed. And make sure you make efficient hardware and software choices. So always use the most efficient hardware you can, the most energy efficient hardware you can, and the most efficient software you can as well. And I would say even take a step back further and ask yourself, do I need to be using generative AI at all in the first place for this problem? Is there some simpler approach that would actually solve what I'm trying to accomplish in a better way, and in a way that's much more energy efficient and more sustainable. Anyway, these are the principles that we're going to review as we go through every single one of these stages of the machine learning life cycle. And here they are just as sort of an overview. We start off by defining the business goal for what you're trying to do. Very important to work backwards from some customer facing thing that you're trying to build. Right. And what the impact of that will be. So don't just work forward from generative AI and say, hey, we have this cool tool. What can I use it for? You want to identify the business goal that you're trying to solve, and develop a system that makes that possible. Once you've defined that business goal, you can go on to frame that as a machine learning problem and ask yourself, well, how can machine learning make this goal a reality? Maybe it can. Maybe there's some better way of doing it right. But if so, think about how you're going to approach this from a machine learning problem standpoint. Once you've defined your general approach, it's time to start collecting the data you need and identifying what that data is. That data will, of course, need to be processed in some manner to extract the data that you care about and get it into the format that your model requires. Once you have your data, you can start developing the model, and this can be an iterative process. You can see we have an arrow going back to data processing there. So as you develop that model you might find, hey, this data actually needs to be tweaked or I need more data or less data or more balanced data. Maybe there's some bias I need to address. Right. So there could be some back and forth between model development and data processing before you converge on a model that you're happy with, that you're ready to deploy. And that's the next step. Deployment. How do I actually get this model out there in the real world? A lot of people talk about the model development part, but they don't talk about how to use it in production. So SageMaker and bedrock offer tools for serving these at the inference level, and actually developing a service endpoint that can be used for actually using these models that you've developed in a runtime setting within real applications. But you're not done yet. You need to monitor what that application is doing and what the endpoints for your AI system are sending to it, right? So you need to monitor not just that it's continuously up and running, but also the quality of the results. You know, are we seeing model drift over time. And if so, maybe we need to go back to the model development and tweak things. Right. That monitoring step might say, hey, the quality of our results is actually getting worse instead of better. Over time. We might need to tweak the model to address that. And that in turn might involve going back and tweaking the data, maybe to address some sort of bias creep that's come in. And then we start all over again. You know, we go on to the next business goal and start the cycle anew.