The first stage of that life cycle is the easiest one to talk about. Identify the business goal, and there are some basic principles that we want to talk about here that Amazon recommends. First of all, develop the right skills with accountability and empowerment. So make sure you know what you're talking about when it comes to generative AI. Maybe you should take this course, for example, before you start designing systems for generative AI, and make sure the people designing this are accountable for what they're doing and empowered to do the right thing. You want to discuss and agree on the level of model explainability, and this is a nuanced discussion, really, because there's a trade off between explainability and the power of the model you're using. The more complicated models are harder to explain what they're doing inside, but they tend to produce better results at the end of the day. So there is a trade off you need to be willing to make there between explainability, what's actually going on inside that model and how intelligent that model seems. You know, the more complicated it center it's become, the harder it is to explain what's going on inside that model. So you need to make a trade off there A conscious trade off SageMaker clarify again is a tool you can use to help with explainability, though it can at least tell you what features are driving the output of your system the most. So it will run these experiments it's used in, together with something called SageMaker experiments to run experiments where we remove one feature at a time and use that data to determine which features are most important to this model. And that is one dimension of explainability. You also want to monitor model compliance to business requirements, so you want to make sure that you're monitoring this thing over time, measuring if it's drifting over time in undesirable ways. And how are you going to address that. And you want to make sure that what you're monitoring ties back to your business requirements. So is this thing doing what we wanted it to do at a business level? You know, you want to make sure you're not just monitoring if it's up and running and, you know, having good accuracy or whatnot you want to be monitoring. Is this thing providing value to my business over time? Also, before you start you're going to think about the data that you need for this system, the software you need for this system, and the privacy and license concerns that might surround that. So make sure that whatever data and software you're using a you have permission to use it and you've paid for it. And also that you can use it ethically, you know, are you going to be giving out private information? Are you going to be using copyrighted information in ways that are not permissible? You know, think about that upfront instead of later on. Determine your key performance indicators, your KPIs, you know, standard business stuff there. But you know, you want to make sure you understand how you're going to measure the success of this system as a whole, you know, not just in terms of technical metrics, but in terms of business metrics, and define what the return on investment on this will be. How expensive is it going to be to build and operate this system over time and train this system? It might be a lot of money. Do you really expect to get that a return on that investment? Is it going to provide so much value to justify that expense or not? And not only that, what's the opportunity cost? What are you not doing? Instead of generative AI or machine learning you know, what else could you be doing that might be providing more value with the resources that you have. Generally speaking, you want to opt for managed services. I know this is kind of a hot topic in some organizations. Some people don't like magic managed services because they have vendor lock in associated with them. But but if your goal is to reduce the total cost of ownership, the TCO managed services can be a way to do that. Sometimes. Not always. You know, I've seen some managed services that are actually more expensive than unmanaged in some situations, but you need to think about it. At least. You know if you don't want to be paying for computing capacity that you're not using. Managed services are usually a good way to do that and to find the overall environmental impact or benefit. Hopefully there's a benefit, but you need to think about what's the power consumption of all these servers going to be, what's the resource consumption? What's how much water am I using to keep them cool? A lot of this stuff is invisible to you if it's running in a data center somewhere halfway across the country, but the impact is there nonetheless. So do the right thing and make sure that you're not making the planet worse as a result of your project.