Let's discuss best practices surrounding data processing. And there's three stages to data processing to talk about. There's the data collection. And then data pre-processing and feature engineering both fall under data preparation. So we need to collect our data, get it somewhere. And then we need to prepare that data such that it can be actually used to train our model under data collection. That's going to involve steps that include labeling our data. Potentially we need to make sure that if we're trying to train a system on how to classify something or say something's true or false or whatever, someone needs to go back and label that data and actually give that something that the system can learn from and say, okay, given this value, these are the labels that are correct for those values, right? Sometimes that involves human beings, sometimes the data is already there for you. But you need to think about do I need labels for this data? And if so, how do I get them? Once I have that data, how do I ingest it into my system? How do I get it where it needs to be? Do I need to stream that in? Do I need to have some sort of a batch process that ingests that data into S3 or wherever I'm going to put it You got to think about how it gets there. Aggregation of data, you know, how do I actually combine this data together. If it's coming from multiple places, do I want it to stay in multiple files, or do I want to aggregate that and sort of add up the results to save space? Um, something to think about for data preparation. You need to clean that data. You know, there might be missing data. You have to deal with there might be outliers that you want to discard. That's a big part of the problem partitioning the data. If there's a large amount of it, you need to think about how I'm going to access that data efficiently. I might need to partition it by the date it was received or some other feature, some other dimension to make sure I can efficiently access that data from my application. How do I think about the scale of that data as I'm processing it? Do I need some sort of a distributed system like Apache Spark or something to process that data? It needs to be scalable. How do I unbias and balance my data? How do I know that bias exists in the first place? You know, there could be hidden biases in the data that I'm using to train my model, and if so, my model will also be biased. You know, if there's an overrepresentation of one class of people or information in there in my features, I want to correct for that, I want to make sure that I'm balancing that so that the data I'm using to train my model is evenly distributed across the categories that I care about. Do I need to augment my data? You know, do I need to actually import new data? Maybe I don't have enough data to properly unbias my information without reducing the amount of data that I have to an unacceptable level. In that case, I might need to augment my data with additional data from additional data sources to properly unbias and balance it. And maybe, you know, there's just more information. I need a period. You know, it might not be related to bias or balance. It might just be that I need to ingest additional information to make this data more useful to my model. Once I have that data pre-processed, I then need to think about feature engineering. Which of those features are most important to my model? You know, maybe I don't even need all that information, or I need to make decisions about which features are most important. I might need to transform those features into a format that my model needs. It might need to be normalized and might need to be one hot encoded. Whatever it might be. There's probably some transformation that needs to happen before I can dump that information into my model. I might need to create new features or extract new features from existing features. So sometimes you can transform the features you have in novel ways to create new features that might be even more useful to your model in the long run. You know, sometimes a given number is more useful if it's squared or square rooted or whatever, right? So things like that. Or maybe you need to extract information from an address field in some manner, like to get the zip code out, things like that. Right. That's feature engineering. And there's best practices surrounding all of this. So number one is to profile your data to improve quality. And again the key here is attaching AWS services to these goals. So if your goal is to profile your data to improve quality well you'd be turning to Amazon's data engineering and analysis tools, which include SageMaker, Data Wrangler, glue, Athena, redshift and QuickSight are some of the tools you might use, and I'm not going to get into any detail about what these services do, because we have an entire lectures in sections about what those services do, but we're just trying to attach names to goals here. You also need to create tracking and version control mechanisms for your data. A SageMaker model registry is one tool for at least tracking the models that are consuming that data. If you have notebooks, you can store those in git to have some sort of version control around them. Those notebooks might be responsible for processing your data, and SageMaker experiments can also keep track of different types of data that's going into your models, and how that's changing over time. From a security standpoint, always ensure least privilege access. That means that you're not going to start saying everybody has permission to do everything, and I'm just going to remove the things they don't need. Instead, you approach it from the standpoint of nobody has permission to do anything, and I'm only going to give you the permissions that you absolutely need to do what you need to do to develop this model. You want to make sure your environment for processing this data and modeling using that data is secure. Use the analysis environments that are in the cloud where they can be more securely controlled. SageMaker, EMR, and Athena. Most of these services have built in encryption over the wire and whatnot, so you kind of have to try to not make it secure in most cases. And the tools at your disposal for securing that data are of course IAM, KMS Secrets Manager and also the use of VPCs and Privatelink. That's an important one because in these machine learning systems, we often have a lot of services working with each other to build a larger model or train a larger model. Doing all of that within a VPC and using privatelink is a way of securing the transfer of that data as it goes back and forth. You want to protect sensitive data privacy. Amazon Macie being a tool for doing that automatically enforce data lineage. And of course SageMaker ML Lineage tracker would be the tool for keeping track of what that data is doing over time. Only keep the relevant data. So if you don't need data, get rid of it. Especially if it's sensitive, personally identifiable information. And in addition to the usual suspects, tools like comprehend and transcribe can be used to identify that as that data is being extracted from its source audio or wherever it might be coming from. Athena can also be a tool for querying data and removing columns that you don't need. Once you've identified that also make sure you're using a data catalog that's keeping track of what the schema is for your potentially unstructured data. That's what AWS glue is for. Use a data pipeline to structure and define how your data is being processed. That's what SageMaker pipelines is for. Automate the managing of your data changes. That's just more of a general machine learning operations topic. Use a modern data architecture. The best practices defined by AWS specifically, say a data lake. There. I think that's coming under question, though. Um, maybe giant piles of unstructured data isn't always the right answer for every application. But the key there is to make sure that you're thinking about what the right data architecture is for the data that you have. Use managed data labeling. So if you do need to use humans to label your data, take advantage of tools like Amazon Groundtruth to automate that process and make it managed and structured and something you can keep track of. Use a data wrangler for interactive analysis. And well, that's what SageMaker Data Wrangler is for, just, well, wrangling your data, you know, taking your data, transforming it in a graphical manner. Again, there's a whole lecture about that. Use managed data processing capabilities. That's what SageMaker is for. At a higher level and enable feature reusability. That's what the Feature store is all about. The SageMaker feature store, making sure you're keeping track of what those features are and making them accessible, and publishing them to other models and other applications as the need may be. On the sustainability front, make sure you're minimizing any idle resources that might be involved in your data processing. So use managed services whenever you can. Implement data lifecycle policies align with sustainability goals, so make sure you're throwing out data that you don't need over time. If you have no need for hanging on to data that's five years old, don't pay for storing it. You know that comes with the electrical and equipment costs that you might not even need at all. And same thing. Just another way of saying it. Adopt sustainable storage options. Make sure that you're using the most energy efficient, the cheapest storage technologies you can. You know, if you can dump something into Glacier, then do so. If you don't need it at all, then get rid of it. So those are some best practices for data processing in the machine learning lifecycle. And then we'll move on to the next stage here the actual model.