Next, let's address the best practices for model development. That's the train, tune and evaluate stage of our life cycle that we talked about earlier. And there's a lot of substeps to training and tuning. Right. So this diagram breaks some of that down. You're going to start with the features that you identified from the feature engineering and data pre-processing that you did earlier. And then you'll have to build some code to actually ingest those features and train your model using them. First, though, you need to select your algorithm that you're going to be using to build your model with, and that's another stage in the process here. Once you've selected your algorithm, you can then start training your model using that algorithm and using the data that you pre-processed. There are some tools available from SageMaker. There's a data parallel processing library and a model parallel processing library that can help to accelerate that training. For very large data sets. Data parallel is what it sounds like. It's kind of like Apache Spark, where it can split up the data itself and train your model in parallel, using different chunks of that data at once Model. Parallel refers to having a model that's so huge that it can't fit on one GPU. So, you know, if you have a large language model, it might have so many parameters, so many weights and biases that one instance is not enough, one GPU is not enough. So we need a way of parallelizing the model itself as well. And SageMaker provides libraries for that. You need to debug and profile the model that you've trained. You know what went wrong. How do I correct that issue that happened during training? How do I validate the metrics that came out of it? How do I tune the hyperparameters and arrive at the optimal settings for that model that produced the best results along the way? You might use visualization tools like QuickSight or whatnot to figure out what's going on visually as you're iterating through that model and making it better. Once you've done all that, you'll have a training container that contains your training code that's being used to throw more data at it and continually train that model over time. And ultimately, that model will produce artifacts such as well, predictions, right, of some sort. So what are some best practices along the way? One is automate operations through MLOps and continuous integration. Continuous deployment. Some tools that might come in handy for that are CloudFormation, CDK, SageMaker pipelines, and Amazon step functions. Again, we'll talk about all that in much more depth. Establish reliable packaging patterns to access approved public libraries. So Elastic Container Registry or Codeartifact might be ways of managing those packages. And who can get at what through what image. A secured governed ML environment is critical. And in particular you need to secure inter-node cluster communications. So a lot of data is going to be flying around. As you're training a machine learning system. Some tools at your disposal are the internode encryption option for SageMaker, as well as elastic MapReduce encryption in transit feature. So you can turn those on to make sure your data is safe as it's getting thrown around. Protect against data poisoning threats. So if you have a system that's continually learning continuous training, right, based on new data that's coming in from the application, there could be bad actors out there trying to inject data into your system from those applications and polluting your results. So first of all, you need a way to identify if that's happening. SageMaker clarify can be a tool for identifying bias that might be drifting into your model as a result of data poisoning. And if you are under attack, you want the ability to quickly roll back, right? So that's where SageMaker model registry and Feature store might come in. If you need to roll back to a previous model or a previous set of feature data that was not subject to that data poisoning attack, you want to enable continuous integration, deployment and training automation with traceability. MLOps frameworks come in handy for that, and SageMaker pipelines in particular is a tool for automating your larger pipeline around training your models. Also, ensure feature consistency across training and inference. That's what SageMaker feature stores for you want to make sure that you both have the same picture of what features you're using that the model was trained with, and that's being used at runtime. SageMaker experiments and SageMaker Model Monitor are tools you can use to ensure model validation with relevant data. Make sure that you're testing that model and that it's producing the results you expect. Again, we've said this several times, but well, there's a reason for that. SageMaker clarify can be used to detect data bias and mitigate against that happening. Optimize training and inference instance types. So make sure you're not using bigger instances than you need. Or you know the opposite can be true, too. Maybe you're moving to a parallel approach prematurely. There's always an overhead associated with parallel processing, and it's usually better to max out the largest instance type you can for training before trying to parallelize with multiple instances. Always be testing out alternatives for performance improvement. So SageMaker experiments is a way to try out new approaches and see if something might be more efficient or produce better results. Always establish a model performance evaluation pipeline. And again, SageMaker pipelines and model registry are tools for that. Establish feature statistics. What are the things that you care about with your features? What are you monitoring? Well, that's what model monitors for Data Wrangler can help to understand that. SageMaker clarify again for bias detection and SageMaker experiments for testing out the impact that a feature might have on your end results. And you need to think about trade offs with your feature data. So accuracy versus complexity, you know, often the more accurate models are, the more complex ones, the more expensive ones, the more environmentally unsustainable ones, if you will. You need to define what level of accuracy you really need, and only throw the level of complexity needed to achieve that goal at the problem. Bias versus fairness. Bias versus variance. Uh, describing that in the context of a trade off seems a little bit weird. I'm not sure when bias would be something you'd want, but just be aware that detecting that bias is important because it might affect the fairness of your system. You know, you might be developing a system that approves loans for people, and if it's not fair because your data is biased, that's an issue. Bias versus variance as well. Precision versus recall classic trade off in the machine learning world. And you can measure all this with again SageMaker experiments and SageMaker clarify when it comes to bias. Detect performance issues when using transfer learning. So if you're taking an existing model and fine tuning it or building on top of it, SageMaker debugger can be an important tool for doing so. Select the optimal computing instance size. Kind of another way of saying something we said on a previous slide. Just make sure you're not using more computing power than you need for the problem at hand. Don't let that computing power go to waste. Use managed build environments. Select local training for small scale experiments. So, you know, if you're just experimenting and playing around, maybe you can use a small data set that's just running on your local PC instead of spinning up a big, expensive instance in the cloud that will save a lot of money and resources. Select an optimal ML framework so there are choices out there. PyTorch versus TensorFlow. Well, inherently they're both pretty close in terms of efficiency, but there might be more tools available to you in one framework than another. So for example, a lot of the parallel processing libraries offered by AWS only work for PyTorch right now, so that might be a better choice if you're really training a very large model. And scikit learn, you know, doesn't use deep learning at all in most cases. So maybe a simpler classical machine learning algorithm will fit the bill, maybe even better. And that'll be even more optimal, more cheap, more environmentally sustainable. Use automated machine learning when you can. SageMaker autopilot. Instead of flailing around and trying different things yourself, autopilot will probably make better use of the resources you have to converge at the optimal solution. Use managed training capabilities such as SageMaker Training Compiler and managed spot instances. Just ways to make sure that you're automatically optimizing the use of your resources and not using resources you don't need. Training compiler I should point out, even though it's in the official Amazon training for this exam, it is being kind of spun down. They are no longer maintaining training compiler. That was a system that would automatically optimize your training code to be up to 50% faster using supported frameworks and supported hardware, but for whatever reason, they stopped maintaining that use. Distributed training. I think part of the reason they did stop supporting training compiler is because it's incompatible with SageMaker distributed training libraries. So these libraries that allow you to distribute that training across multiple instances do not work with training compiler But that seems to be the direction they're pushing people in, using more hardware instead of less. Mm. I wonder if there might be a financial incentive to them there. Oh, did I say it? Sorry. Stop resources when not in use. Well, okay. On the flip side of that, they do have available options to make sure you're not wasting resources. Make sure you have billing alarms in place. It is all too easy to leave one of these machine learning instances up and running that you're not actually using, and that can get very, very, very expensive very, very, very quickly. A billing alarm will at least alert you if that's happening. So make sure you have those set up. SageMaker life cycle configuration can automate the entire pipeline for you, and make sure resources are spun up and spun down as needed automatically. And if you're using SageMaker studio, make sure you have the auto shutdown option checked off. Otherwise, you'll do what I did once. Leave something running in a SageMaker studio notebook and forget about it. And then you have hundreds of dollars in bills that you didn't even know about until that billing alarm went off, start training with small data sets again. Don't waste a bunch of computing resources that you don't need while you're just experimenting and playing around. Often a small data set is enough to get a feel as to whether the algorithm you're developing, the model you're developing is feasible or not, and then you can start throwing more and more data at it to see how it improves or not. Use warm start in checkpointing. Hyperparameter tuning of this really correlates to the warm pools feature in SageMaker, where you can set up a pool of resources that sticks around for a little while after you're done training, so that if you need to do multiple training runs, you can reuse that hardware instead of reprovisioning it every time. Checkpointing is just a way of saving off checkpoints of your training as it goes, so that if something goes wrong, you know if something fails along the way, you can pick up from where you last left off instead of restarting the entire training job. And for large training jobs, that can mean substantial savings. Use SageMaker automatic model tuning to do your hyperparameter optimization. Again, it's going to be able to do a better job than you can at converging on the right hyperparameter values than if you were to do it by hand. Make sure again, you have AWS Budgets and Cost Explorer set up to manage your costs. Again, very important in the exam to understand how to manage the costs associated with machine learning, especially generative AI. AWS Budgets and Cost Explorer being your tools for managing and understanding what those costs are. Enable data and compute proximity. Speed of light isn't quite what you think it is. You know, if you have your data on one side of the planet and your model's training based on that data on the other side of the planet, well, that's going to be a lot of wasted time just wasting waiting for data to get from point A to point B. Make sure your data and your compute are close together if you can. That will make your system more efficient. Select optimal algorithms. Again, deep learning, generative AI, large language models. They're not the answer to everything. Often a much simpler algorithm will fit the bill and even produce better results. Enable debugging and logging using SageMaker debugger and CloudWatch as your tools there. Define sustainable performance criteria. So again you can throw infinite amounts of money at these problems, right? But you need to know how good is good enough. How much accuracy is required for your application. Don't throw a more complex model at the problem than you need to, because it can get very expensive very quickly. Use early stopping while training. So once your results are good enough, stop training. You're done. Don't waste further resources. Select energy efficient algorithms. Do you need that large language model? Do you need that giant deep learning model? Maybe something simpler will do. You know, I would put XGBoost or even regression up against anything else for a lot of these problems. They would do just as well. Archive or delete unnecessary training artifacts. So, uh, don't keep your, uh, processed training data around forever. If you don't need it, it can pile up very quickly and get very expensive. Use SageMaker experiments to manage that and organize that data and use efficient model tuning methods. Again, if you use SageMaker to automate your hyperparameter tuning, it will usually do the right thing. But you want to use Bayesian or hyper band tuning techniques, not just a random search where you're just, you know, throwing darts at the wall and hoping you get the best results for your parameter choices, or grid search, which is just a brute force approach, right? You know, you want to make sure that you're learning from the previous results of your tuning and converging on the right values. Limit your concurrent training jobs. Again, doing anything in parallel has some inherent overhead, and you want to avoid that as much as you can and only tune the most important hyperparameters. So every model has about a billion hyperparameters. Okay, I'm exaggerating a little a lot, but the more hyperparameters you try to tune at once, the number of combinations explodes, so the fewer hyperparameters you focus on, the better. In terms of efficiency and sustainability.