Moving on to the deployment phase. And this diagram kind of summarizes what that might look like. So you'll have a container containing your inference code. That's the code that actually provides results out of your trained model. And that might draw from artifacts from your trained model, from the model registry, and also feature information from the feature store that ensures that those features are in sync with the features that were used to train your model. Your endpoint in production will use that inference code to actually produce a final results. So, you know, given these features, what's my inference? What are my predictions that I'm giving back to my system? Or maybe given this prompt, what is my response from my large language model? Right. That's my endpoint. And your application will in turn communicate with that endpoint to do something with those results, something that has business value. Right. So some best practices around deployment make sure you have a deployment environment metrics in place. So CloudWatch, EventBridge and SNS are all tools you might use just to make sure that your endpoint is up and running and that you're alerted when it is not. Protect against adversarial and malicious activities. We talked about data poisoning earlier. If someone's actively trying to infect your model with bad data. SageMaker Model Monitor might be a way to detect that drift that's happening over time that you want to address. Automate endpoint changes through a pipeline such as SageMaker pipelines. Of course, that can automate the whole process of deploying these things. Use an appropriate deployment and testing strategy. So SageMaker has some pretty cool features for testing different versions of a model and seeing what performs the best in production for your application. SageMaker blue green deployments and a b testing, linear deployments and Canary deployments are all ways to deploy new models in a controlled manner and measure their impact. Before you go whole hog with them and put them out there for everybody. Again, these are all things we talk about in more detail elsewhere in the course if alleyway cloud versus edge options. So sometimes you want to put stuff out on the edge within the device itself that wants to use these inferences. That's possible too. That's what SageMaker neo is. And IoT Greengrass ways of getting that inference out there in the actual device instead of actually going across the cloud. Sometimes that's necessary for latency reasons, or just because you're using your model someplace that doesn't have reliable internet connectivity. Choose an optimal deployment option in the cloud so real time, serverless, asynchronous or batch do whatever is appropriate. Not everything needs to be real time. Not everything needs to be serverless. Not everything needs to be asynchronous. So if you just need batch data once a day, then keep it simple, right? Use appropriate deployment options. Multi-model Multi-container SageMaker edge. These are all technologies you might consider for scaling that deployment out more effectively. Explore cost effective hardware options. Um, again, for inference, you might want to use the Inf1 instance type inferentia. A SageMaker neo might be a way of doing this on the edge efficiently, and elastic inference can be a way to sort of boost the efficiency of your inference nodes by attacking that on top of it. Rightsize the model hosting instance fleet. Don't use more hardware than you need. SageMaker inference recommender can be used to sort of give you some guidance on what that fleet should look like. And there are also auto scaling features you can use to automatically grow and shrink your fleet of instance servers as needed in response to the traffic that you're seeing. Align SLAs with sustainability goals. So again there's some trade offs here. Latency versus serverless. You know what's really important to you. Uh batch asynchronous deployments. These all have sustainability impacts that come with them. And you need to balance your actual requirements against the technology that you've chosen. Use efficient silicon. So again, use hardware that's been designed to be efficient at the task at hand. If you're using CPU inference, Graviton3 might be a good choice. If you're doing deep learning inference inferentia inf two instance types might be a good efficient choice. If you're doing trainium, the Trn1 instance type Trainium might be a good choice for that. These are all special purpose designed chips for these different applications, and they'll make the best use of the energy that you have for accomplishing those tasks. Optimized models for inference. So use tools like Neo Tree Lite hugging Face Infinity to make sure your models are optimized for the inference time and giving your application what it needs. Deploy multiple models behind a single endpoint. SageMaker inference pipelines can be used to accomplish that, and we'll talk about that more later, too.