Before we can start creating our RDS instances. There's some networking requirements that have to be set up and established. So let's take a moment to review those before we actually start demoing this and creating our first set of RDS instances. So RDS is going to run within a VPC. Let's take a moment to explore how that works. Step one we need to choose our region. We'll pick an AWS region that we want to deploy our RDS instances within. And then within that region we will create a VPC a virtual private cloud. And I do not recommend using the default VPC. The default VPC is not very secure. It's got public subnets, and it's got some rules that are pretty much wide open. So if you're creating a database that you want to keep private. The default VPC really isn't a good option. You should create your own VPC. And in this example you can see the Cidr range of the VPC. The Cidr range is simply a range of available IP addresses that exist inside of that VPC. That's something that you have to set up when you create your VPC. So the VPC is essentially the network that your RDS instances are going to exist within. And then I can take that VPC and I can divide it up into multiple subnets. Now, each of these subnets is going to include a portion of the addresses of my Cidr range. So you can see this subnet contains some of the addresses from my Cidr range. And the subnets are used to divide up the resources within my VPC. So I might have all different kinds of workloads running inside of this VPC. I might have RDS instances, but I might also have EC2 instances for example. And maybe those EC2 instances are going to be web servers or things like that. Well, I don't want to put those different types of workloads in the same subnet. I'll use different subnets to separate those systems and apply different sets of security rules to them. And most of the time the instances that we create are going to exist within a private subnet. And a private subnet is not accessible from the internet. And it does not give public IP addresses to instances. And that's good from a security perspective. If I'm looking to protect the contents of this database, a private subnet is ideal. Now when we create these subnets, we're going to place each subnet into a specific AWS availability zone. And the idea behind these availability zones is I want to protect my applications from failure. So if I put one instance into availability zone one, let's say I may want to create another RDS instance in a different availability zone. We're going to learn much more about this when we learn about Multi-az RDS, how we can create databases that span multiple availability zones, and if one availability zone goes down, the other availability zone has an RDS instance within it that simply takes over. So much more on this later. But just to get started, I need at least two subnets and I need them in different availability zones if I'm going to create a highly available database. And that's basically what a subnet group is. A subnet group is a collection of subnets that our database will reside within. So one of the things we're going to have to do before we create our RDS instances is create a subnet group. A group of subnets that as I now start creating RDS instances, the RDS instance will be dropped into one of these subnets. So when you create an RDS instance, you'll choose the subnet group that you want it in. And then RDS will automatically choose one of those subnets. It'll create the RDS instance and assign an IP address to it. And assuming that we are using private subnets, the RDS instance will get a private IP address and it will not get a public IP address. It will not be publicly reachable through DNS. None of that stuff will be available from the internet. And this becomes really important in the case of Multi-az RDS. So with Multi-az RDDs, a second RDS instance called a standby will be created in one of the other subnets in my subnet group inside of a different availability zone. And so I can have applications that maybe under normal circumstances are using this RDS instance. But if it fails, all of their traffic dynamically starts hitting this other RDS instance in a different availability zone. This is why I need multiple subnets in my subnet group, and this is why I need those subnets to be in different availability zones. And so here we see a third subnet inside of this same VPC. And this might be a public subnet. We've got an EC2 instance running inside of this subnet. This is our database client. And notice here that I have the database client inside of the same availability zone as my primary RDS instance. This helps us to avoid transfer charges. So most of the time as a general rule within AWS if you're sending traffic from one availability zone to another, that's going to be billable, that's going to result in transfer charges. So under normal circumstances, we want to keep as much of our traffic inside of the same availability zone as we possibly can. I also want to make one quick side note here. In this case, this EC2 instance is going to be what we would refer to as our database client. There's some application running on this. So maybe this is a web server. And on the back end it's working with this database. So in that case this EC2 instance may be in a public subnet. And I'm going to set up my database client to point to this database server. And I'm not going to use the IP address of the database server. I'm going to use the DNS name. Because essentially, if a failure were to occur, let's say that this RDS instance goes down well, this RDS instance has a specific IP address. And if I've pointed my database clients to that specific IP and that database fails, then I'm out of luck. But if I have pointed my database clients to the DNS name of the RDS instance, that will actually fail over to the standby RDS instance and my application will continue to function. So. So just as a good side note, when you configure your database clients, they should refer to the RDS instance using its DNS name, not its IP address. And again, I've placed the database client in the same availability zone as the RDS instance itself. Because as a rule of thumb, any time I'm working with AWS, if I'm sending traffic across availability zone boundaries, it's going to be billable. There is one notable exception to that. If I have set up Multi-az SSDs, if I have a primary RDS instance in one AZ and a standby in a second AZ. The replication traffic between those is not billable. And again we'll talk more about this Multi-az RDS stuff later on. But I just want you to understand the transfer charges, because that tends to be a little bit of a gotcha. People tend to think, well, now we can forecast how much we're going to spend on our database instance. You know, we know how much the instance costs. We know how much the database engine costs, we know what the storage costs are. And then all of a sudden it costs more than you thought because there's transfer charges there that you weren't anticipating. So that's just something to kind of watch out for as you're designing your deployment.