In this video, we'll set up the networking requirements for RDS by establishing a VPC and subnet groups. So here you can see I've logged into the AWS console. And I'm currently in the Ohio region. All of my demos are going to take place in the Ohio region. And so if you're following along at home you may want to choose the same region. And I'm just going to go to VPC. I can just click on this little link here. Or I can go to my search bar. I can type in VPC and I can find it that way. I'll go to the VPC dashboard and I'm going to create my own VPC. There might already be VPCs here. There's going to be a default VPC available. I don't want to use that. I'm going to create my own custom VPC. And so let's go to VPC. Now I'm going to keep this as simple as possible. So I'm going to use the VPC. And more option. And I'm just going to call my VPC RDS Dash demo. And I'm going to assign a Cidr range to the VPC. I'm going to use the same Cidr range that I used in my slide deck. There's the IP address range that's going to be present inside of my VPC. I want two different availability zones. In this case I don't want any public subnets. I'm just going to be deploying some instances that are going to be in private subnets. So I'm just going to choose private subnets only. I can customize the Cidr ranges used for those private subnets. The rule of thumb is if you're not sure how many addresses to use here, maybe do a slash 24. So instead of doing a slash 20, that's going to consume way more address space, I'm going to do slash 24 as my address ranges here, 256 IPS per subnet should be more than enough. And I'm not going to bother with a Nat gateway or a VPC endpoint in this case. But if you want to, you could just deploy a VPC endpoint. That's fine. And in this case I'm enabling DNS host names and DNS resolution. Yes I want to go with all of those options. So I'm just going to go ahead and click create VPC. And it's going to automatically go through the process of creating route tables and subnets and network ACLs and all of that good stuff for me. So now that my VPC is present, I can go to AWS and I can start to create my subnet groups, because if I go to my VPCs, here's the VPC that I just created called RDS demo. And if I go to subnets here, you can see I've got two subnets that are created in my demo VPC. So if you have multiple VPCs like I do you can just sort these here. These two subnets are for my demo VPC. And you can see the name of the VPC is telling you which availability zone each of these subnets are within. So I've got one subnet in availability zone two A and another subnet and availability zone two B. I've got two different subnets in two different availability zones okay. So that's the foundation for networking here. That's what I absolutely must require. And so the next thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to go to RDS. I'm just going to go up to my little search bar here, type in RDS and go to the RDS dashboard and under RDS I'm going to click on Subnet Groups. I want to create a new subnet group. You can see I already have one here existing. This is for my other VPC. So I'm going to create a new subnet group. And I'm just going to call it RDS dash demo. And this subnet group is going to be created within my RDS demo VPC. That's the VPC that I just created. And now I can add subnets. So which subnets should be part of this subnet group I have two subnets in this VPC. I'm going to select both of them. And the effect of this is that now when I start creating RDS instances they're going to be automatically created in one of these subnets. So I've got multiple subnets that these instances can be created in. Those subnets are in different availability zones. That way if one of those availability zones fails we can fail over to the other availability zone. So now that I've established. My subnet group. I'm going to click create. And now we really have the necessary pieces that we need to go ahead and deploy our first RDS instance.