In our last video, we created our first RDS instance. Now let's take a look at that instance and look at some of the options that we have to view and modify that instance. So here I am in the AWS console. I'm going to go to RDS and under RDS we're going to see database instances. I'm going to click on that link. Here's the database instance that I created in the last demo. It's still in the process of being fully created. A backup of it is being created right now. But let's just click on Ric Demo here and take a look. Here we can see all of the connectivity and security options. I can see which availability zone it's in. I can see which VPC it's in. I can see the security groups that it is associated with and which port it's going to be accessible through. And I can see if there's any EC2 instances that are connected to it here. I can also look at the monitoring tab and look at CloudWatch metrics and a nice little dashboard here. Now this instance was just created. So there's not a whole lot of information there. But if I want to look at performance charts and stuff like that I would go to monitoring. If I go to configuration you can see the configuration parameters of this RDS instance are all listed here. Things like which type of volume was it created? With? Which instance class is it? I can see the maintenance and backups here, and there's no maintenance pending right now. I can see that automated backups are enabled, and I can see that the first automated backup is already underway. And that should be created in a little while here. And then finally I can see tags. Now, I haven't added any tags to this RDS instance, but I really should do that. Using tags is one of the underrated things to do here in the AWS console. Tags give me a great way to keep things organized. So for example, I could tag this and I could say okay, which environment is this? Is it production? Is it development. Is it testing? I could tag based on the cost center. Maybe this is for the finance team or whatever. The database is going to be charged back to them. I could tag it. For which project or which application is this thing a part of? I'll just say the project is lending or the application is lending. And basically I'm just categorizing this RDS instance. Now, it might not seem that important, but imagine you have hundreds or thousands of instances. Imagine you have S3 buckets and EC2 instances and Lambda functions, and you've got this AWS account that is just full of stuff, full of resources that you've created. Wouldn't it be nice if I could generate a report on all of the spending for the Finance Cost Center? Wouldn't it be great if I could see all of the AWS resources associated with a particular project or application? So tags are extremely powerful in the ability to report and the ability to automate. And so even if you don't have very much stuff in your AWS account, I strongly suggest figuring out a good structure for tags, identifying it, making sure you have it well thought out, and then using it right off the bat. Because once you've got a whole bunch of resources in here, getting everything tagged appropriately becomes a much bigger job. If you just do it right from the beginning and tag things appropriately from the beginning, that opens up a lot more possibilities to you down the road. So anyways, that's our first database instance. That's the RDS instance that we're going to be working with moving forward. And from here we'll move on to more tasks. We'll start setting up backups and snapshots. We'll set up a database client. We'll continue to kind of play with this database instance throughout the remainder of this course.