In this video, I'll demonstrate how to restore an RDS instance from a backup. I'll also show you how to take a manual snapshot of an instance. A couple key things to keep in mind as we go through this process. Any time we restore RDS from a snapshot or an automated backup, the restore is done to a new RDS instance. All of the databases within that instance are going to be restored, so we're not targeting a specific database. We can have multiple databases on the same RDS instance. This is going to restore all of them. When it creates the new cluster, it'll get a new security group and the default parameter group. I know we really haven't talked about parameter groups yet, but just think of those as settings for the database engine itself. We can use point in time recovery if we're restoring from an automated backup, and that's useful if we want to restore to a specific point in time. If we are restoring from an automated backup, there can be up to five minutes of data loss, because the frequency with which those automated backups are carried out is about once every five minutes. So here I am in the AWS console. I'm going to go to RDS and I'm going to go to database instances. Here's the database instance that we've been working with prior to now. I can go to that database instance. And there's a few options that I can take now here under maintenance and backups, you can see that I've got one automated backup that has already been taken. I'm also going to take a manual snapshot of this instance. So I'll just click on Take Snapshot. I'm going to call the snapshot Ric demo snapshot. And then I'll just click Take snapshot. And so that's how I can go about the process of taking a snapshot on demand whenever I want. You can see here the snapshot is still in the process of creating. This is going to take a little while for this to be completely finished. So I'm going to go back to RDS Mac to my database instance here one more time. And we can see the status of the instance it is currently backing up. And you can see the snapshot is being created right now. So let's go back over here to the maintenance and backups area for this instance. And you can see I've got my snapshot which is being created. And I've also got my automated backup which was taken earlier today. So here I've checked my automated backup. I'm just going to click on restore. And we have to restore to a new instance. Now just like the instance that I have the backup of, I'm going to restore to a single DB instance. I'm not restoring to a multi-az database instance, but you might notice that a lot of the options here are going to look similar to the options that we used when we created the RDS instance. That's because when we restore, we're creating a new instance based on that backup. So if I wanted to restore and create a Multi-az RDS instance, I could do that. I'm just going to go with a single database instance and I'm going to call it Ric Demo RDS restore. Now again, just like when we create an RDS instance, we can choose the instance type. And I'm going to choose the exact same instance type that I did when I created the instance. I'm going to go with AT4G micro instance, but I could choose a different instance type here if I wanted to. I'm also going to choose the type of storage volume. I chose GP3 last time. I gave it 40 gigs of storage capacity last time, so I'm going to stick with that. And then we can see the connectivity options. So which VPC do I want to restore this instance to. And you'll notice that it's populating the VPC that I created. And the subnet group that I created. So it's going to restore to that same VPC that same subnet group. It's automatically choosing to disable public access. And then I can choose which security group do I want to use for this new restored RDS instance? I'm going to choose RDS demo because that's the security group that I created for the RDS instance. And I'm going to choose which availability zone I want this new instance created in. Again, I'm just sticking with the same options that I had for the database instance before. I'm choosing the US East two a availability zone. I'm going to continue to use password authentication, and it's automatically going to be encrypted because the automated snapshot was taken from an instance that was encrypted. Now let's expand additional configuration option here. And notice that when I restore it's going with the default parameter and the default option group rephrase. And notice that when we restore, it's choosing the default database parameter group and the default option group. Now notice I have some parameter groups and option groups that I have created here. I know we haven't really talked about those yet, so I'm going to stick with the default options here. But I just want to mention that later on in this course we're going to talk about parameter groups and option groups and what those mean. And understand that any time you restore by default, it's going to go with the default parameter group. So I can have a bunch of settings that are specific to my database engine in a parameter group. And if I have those settings laid out, I may want to choose one of my own parameter groups and one of my own option groups as well. And so for example there's options in the option group like Oracle or SQL server data encryption or memcached support. If I want to use those options here I'll have to choose the appropriate option and parameter groups. If I have tags, I want to copy those tags to the snapshots. Again, this is the same process that I used when I created the RDS instance to begin with. And then I can choose my maintenance and deletion protection options. I'm just going to stick with the same settings that I went with before, and I'm going to click Restore Database instance. And so what's essentially happening now is a new RDS instance is being created based on that automated backup that I restored from. So it's going to take some time for this database instance to be completely created. But I just want to take a moment to mention here. Let's look at the original database instance. Now I'm assuming if we're restoring something has gone wrong with this, maybe it's not even there anymore. Maybe it got deleted by somebody and I had to restore from backup. Well, here's the thing. The end point. This is what my clients are going to point to. There is a specific end point address that is associated with this database instance. And you can see here it starts with Rick Demo RDS. Well, if I look at my new instance that is being created based upon the restore, that's going to have a different endpoint. Once it comes up and it's ready to go, it's going to have its own unique address that the clients will need to communicate with. So if I have clients that are currently pointed towards the end point of my original database, and now let's assume that that is gone or it's corrupted or there's something wrong with it, I'm going to have to now point my database clients to the end point address of this new RDS instance that's being created based on my backup.