In this video, we'll learn about some of the different ways that we can authenticate to an RDS database. And first off, let's talk about RDS and Identity Access Management or Im. IAM can be used to control permissions. So who's allowed to launch RDS instances or delete instances or make configuration changes to my RDS instances? I'm going to control all of that with IAM, and I'm typically going to strive to grant the least privilege to users, groups, and roles. Basically meaning I am going to grant my IAM users and groups and roles the absolute minimum set of permissions that they require in order to accomplish whatever I want to allow them to accomplish. That's always a good idea with IAM, is to just grant the absolute minimum permission set that you possibly can. We can also use policy conditions to restrict access. So for example, I could create IAM policies that are going to allow people to delete instances. But if I'm creating a policy that can do things like that, what I may want to do is specify, hey, which source IP addresses are allowed to do this? Or do I want to require users to use multifactor authentication in order to delete databases? Conditions allow me to set up additional restraints to further lock down those sorts of privileges. So that's one piece of IAM. I can use IAM to control who can do what to the instances themselves, who can make modifications to the RDS instance, who can take a snapshot, all of that kind of stuff I can do with IAM. In addition to that, I can also use IAM to to authenticate to the database engine itself. And so with this authentication method, you don't actually need a password in your client to connect to the database instance. Instead, you'll use an authentication token that is generated by an RDS request to IAM. And the process to do this involves activating IAM database authentication on the RDS instance itself. I'll have to set up the RDS instance to tell the database engine to allow IAM authentication. Then I'll create a database user account that uses an AWS authentication token. And I'll add an IAM policy that maps that database user to the IAM role. So let's draw a little diagram here to illustrate how this process works. Step one I'll create an IAM role, and the IAM role is going to have the necessary permissions to actually look inside of that database. So think of the IAM role as basically a permission. If I assign this role to an EC2 instance, I am granting that EC2 instance permissions to authenticate to this database. And the role is used by the EC2 instance to get an authentication token from the AWS service. So once that authentication token is granted it's basically like an identifier. It's like an ID card that the EC2 instance can present to the RDS instance to say, hey, look, I've been authenticated. Allow me to access this database. And that authentication token will be associated with a user. So the database instance itself. I have to have a user created on the RDS instance. And this user has to be associated with an AWS authentication token. So once the EC2 instance has this role it now has the ability to authenticate to RDS. When it attempts to authenticate, it gets this token and it passes the token along to RDS. The token is associated with a specific RDS user that grants them the necessary permissions, and the token lasts 15 minutes. So IAM is one of the ways that we can authenticate to an RDS database. Another option is to use AWS secrets Manager. This is a good way for us to rotate database credentials to regularly change the username and password that is used to access the database itself. So the database client can't just start reading and writing to and from the database. It has to authenticate first. And I could just build those database credentials right into the database client. But that becomes really challenging because now if I want to change those credentials, I have to go to all of my database clients and update them. Instead of doing that, I could use Secrets Manager. So I could go to Secrets Manager and I could store a new secret. And that secret will be credentials for an RDS database. So what I'm doing is I'm essentially storing my username and password inside of this Secrets Manager service. And then I'll choose the RDS database that I want to manage the credentials for. And I'll set a rotation schedule. The rotation schedule is going to use a Lambda function. Basically it's going to execute some code. And that code is going to regularly change those database credentials so that if those credentials are exposed or compromised somehow, they'll be changed regularly. And so the credentials live Inside Secrets Manager and the credentials are constantly being changed inside Secrets Manager so that they are regularly rotated. That gives us additional security. And the final step is my database clients. The database client must have permission to retrieve the username and password from Secrets Manager, and then use that to authenticate to the Redis instance. And so I'll have to give this EC2 instance an IAM role that allows it to retrieve the credentials from Secrets Manager and use those to authenticate to RDS. And so tomorrow those credentials might change Lambda might rotate them. But that's fine because the database client will request the credentials from Secrets Manager. It'll get the new updated credentials, and it'll pass those along to RDS to authenticate to the database engine.