In this video, I'll demonstrate how to configure parameter groups for an RDS instance. And so here we are at the AWS console. I'm going to go to RDS and notice that we're still working in the same region we've been working in all along Ohio. And so I'm going to go to my database instances, and I'll just go to my database that I've created. And I'm going to click on the name of the database here. And under configuration we're going to find here's the option group. But what I want to focus on right now is the parameter group. So here's the parameter group that's associated with this instance. And this is the default parameter group. So I don't have any ability to modify or make changes to this parameter group. And so what I want to do is I want to create a new parameter group. So I'm going to click on parameter groups here. And you can see there's one that I've already created. I'm going to create another new one. And as a matter of fact I'm just going to take a moment to delete this existing parameter group so that there's no confusion. I'll click on Create Parameter group here. And the first option that I'm going to select is going to be the parameter group family. Now in this case we're dealing with a MySQL database. So I'm going to find MySQL 8.0. And that's going to be the database parameter group family. We just choose whatever matches our database engine here. And I'll fill in a group name and a description here. And then I'll click create. All right. So here's the parameter group that I've created I'm going to click on this parameter group. And I'm going to go to edit. And the first parameter that I'm going to modify is the time zone. So here you can see all of these different time zones that are available. I'm going to check the little box next to this. And this will give me the ability to change this parameter. And I'm going to put in a parameter here for us eastern. That's going to be the time zone that I select. And so now I can just save the changes here. And that's some of the changes that I can make to my database instance. But as you can see there's a massive number of database configuration options that I can choose from here. Now I'm not going to go through all of these obviously. I'm just going to modify the time zone. That's going to be the only parameter that I'm going to change here. And so now that I've saved this new parameter group, I'm going to go back to RDS. I'm going to find my database instance and I'm going to click on modify. And I'm going to associate this new parameter group with this database. And so we'll just scroll down here until we get to database options under Database Parameter group I can now select the new parameter group and apply those configuration changes to this database. So now I've associated a different parameter group with this database. I'm going to stick with the same option group, but we'll modify that in just a moment. I'll click on continue here. And I'm going to apply these changes immediately. I'm not going to wait for the maintenance window. Now in addition to that we can modify option groups. So again I'm going to click on my database instance here. And under configuration I'll scroll down until I find the option group. And once again just like the parameter group we're currently using the default option group which we do not have the ability to modify. So I'll click on Option Groups up here. And I'm going to create a new group. As a matter of fact you can see there's one that I've already created. Again I'm just going to delete that. So there's no confusion here. I'm going to create a new group. I'll just give it a name and a description. And again I'll choose my database engine that I'm going to use here. In this case we're choosing MySQL. And it's going to be version eight. And then I'll click create. So now I've created a new option group. I'm going to click on the name of this new option group. And if we scroll down here you can see there's currently zero options configured. So I'm going to click add option. And the option that I'm going to configure here is memcached. So maybe I want to create a memory cache to improve the performance of this database instance. And I can also associate a VPC or security group for which this option is enabled. I'm just going to stick with the default. And I've got option settings that I can use to modify some of the options for this option setting. I'm just going to leave these all at the defaults and click add option. And so now I've created a new option group. And we can go back to our RDS instance. We can go to database instances here. And on my database I'm just going to select the little button to the left of it. I can go to modify. And very similar to the way that we changed the parameter group. We can also change the option group as well. So that's how you would modify the parameter groups and option groups of an RDS instance. Now the last thing I'm going to do, which I like to stay in the habit of doing, is delete the parameter groups and option groups that I've created. Now, if I go to delete this parameter group right now, this parameter group is in use by a database instance. So it's not going to let me do that. So in order to delete these I need to make sure that they're not associated with any RDS instances.