In this video, we'll explore the RDS proxy feature that's available. And the idea here with the RDS proxy is we are interested in improving certain aspects of our database. The first improvement that we can make using the RDS proxy is scalability. So when we have many users or many applications that try to access the database, the database can become slow or overloaded. Our RDS proxy helps manage the incoming connections to ensure that the database doesn't get overwhelmed. So it's basically handling and managing all of those incoming connections. It also provides a security benefit as well. By using RDS proxy, we limit the exposure of our database instance. This is especially important if our database is going to be publicly accessible on the internet. RDS proxy acts as a barrier between the applications and the database itself. Now, I know we already mentioned database scalability, but the other thing that RDS proxy can do to further enhance scalability is it can distribute database connections across multiple database instances. And this means that even if one database server fails, your application can continue to work without interruption. RDS proxy also provides query caching. So queries are basically questions that are being asked of the database. And if we have common queries that occur over and over again, we can store those in a memory cache. And it's kind of like having a memory of previous orders or previous tasks or previous problems that you've had to solve. If you've already solved those problems, you don't have to solve them again. And that's what the RDS proxy essentially does. When it comes to caching, our RDS proxy is a managed, serverless, highly available solution. So let's build out a little diagram here and explore a little bit more of how RDS proxy works. Let's start with an example application. Now in this case we're doing serverless. So we've got a Lambda function. And we may have many instances of this lambda function running simultaneously. And so if I have a lot of users using this application, they may have many open connections to the database server. And those connections may be frequently opened and frequently closed. And so it's up to the RDS instance to manage all of these connections. Now it's not just handling the queries or all of the database options, but all of the incoming connections themselves. And so if we insert our proxy in the middle. This can be enabled for most applications without any change to the code of the application or the way the application works. RDS proxy is going to maintain a pool of established connections to your RDS instance. And if there's connections that are up and running that are infrequently used, it will share those across multiple instances of the application. So it can actually cut down on the number of connections. And if a failure occurs, our RDS proxy can route requests to a new database instance. The failover times for Aurora and for RDS databases can be reduced by up to 66% by using RDS proxy. RDS proxy can also allow database authentication. We can control access using AWS Secrets Manager and AWS IAM. The goal here is to eliminate the need to hardcode our database credentials into the application itself.