In this video, we'll learn about multi-az. RDS and how it can be used to improve the availability of our RDS databases. So the goal here is to create RDS instances that are highly available by creating a secondary instance in an additional availability zone. RDS instances are going to run in highly available data center facilities in different areas of the world. These different areas of the world are called regions. So in most of our demos here, we've been using the Ohio region. Now within that region and within every other region, there are multiple availability zones. Each of these availability zones are independent of each other. You can basically think of them as data centers or sets of data centers within a region. So when we enable Multi-az RDS, what's going to happen is we're going to have a primary database instance in one availability zone. And just kind of think of it as running in one data center. And then we'll have a standby RDS instance in a different availability zone. So just think of that as running in a different physical data center. All of the changes that occur on the primary are replicated to the standby instance using synchronous replication. That means that the changes are constantly being synchronized between the primary and the standby instance. This means that not only do we have an instance in both availability zones, but all of our data is being stored in both availability zones as well. So this is strictly for the purposes of improving availability. It does not improve performance. The primary instance is doing all of the work. It's handling all of the reads. It's handling all of the writes. If I need to scale, if I need to improve the performance of the RDS instance, then I'll use something like read replicas to accomplish that. But but Multi-az doesn't give you any performance benefit. And if a failure does occur, it typically takes between 1 to 2 minutes to failover from the primary to the standby. So let's go through a diagram here and take a closer look at how this works in Multi-az. You have a master or a primary instance and a standby instance. And so here on the far left we see our application. This is the database client. This is whatever is interacting with the database. And if the database client is going to read something from the database or write something to the database, all of those options are carried out on the primary. The master RDS instance. The standby RDS instance is in a different availability zone. It has to be in the same region as the primary, and all of the changes that are occurring in the master are going to be replicated to the standby, and data is replicated synchronously between the master and the standby. So if there is a need to failover, over there should be zero data loss when you failover to the secondary and the standby instance is just sitting there passively, it's not doing any of the work, it's just accepting all of that replicated data. Now the key piece of Multi-az RDS, the piece that makes it all work is this this DNS record. Both of these instances have the same DNS name, so the database client doesn't know the IP addresses of the RDS instances. It knows the DNS name of the RDS instance in general. And that's what we're going to program into all of our applications. They're going to see the database as this DNS record. And so if the master instance fails, the DNS record still exists. And that DNS record can now be updated to repoint all of the database activity to the standby. And again this entire process takes between 1 to 2 minutes. You can always test failover by rebooting the master instance. And so if I choose to reboot the master instance, you can do what's called a reboot with failover and rebooting the master RDS instance with failover will cause the DNS record to get updated, and it'll start sending all of that database traffic to the standby. So the biggest piece of Multi-az is this enhanced availability. Now we have database instances in multiple AZS, and we can failover from the master to the standby at any time. However it also has an impact on maintenance. So if maintenance activities need to be performed like for example, let's say the database engine needs to be upgraded, that will take place on the standby first. The upgrade will be performed on the standby, and then all database activity is going to be repointed to that standby. And so now we can perform that maintenance task on the master RDS instance without any impact on the performance of our clients. So the only impact would be essentially moving all of the traffic over to the standby instance. What about backups? This is another benefit of Multi-az RDS. So we've learned about manual snapshots and automated backups. And as we learned about those topics, we learned that those backups and those snapshots have a performance impact on the RDS instance. Well, that's not the case with Multi-az RDS, because if I need to take a backup, I can just take it from the standby. And the standby is not doing any of the work anyhow. So what difference does it make if there's a performance hit on the standby? Because we're not using it for any active work anyways. So that's one of the other benefits of Multi-az is the fact that it can eliminate the performance impact of backups and snapshots, and it can greatly reduce the performance impact of performing database upgrades.