In this video, we'll learn how read replicas can be used to scale RDDs. But before we start talking about read replicas, I want to talk about one of the other scaling options for RDDs. Now we have the ability to either scale up or scale out RDDs. So let's talk about scaling up first. When I create an RDS instance, I'm going to choose a specific instance type. And different instance types have different amounts of memory and of CPU and of other performance characteristics as well. So what I could do is I could take my existing RDS instance, and I could simply change the instance type to something more powerful. So if I need more resources, I can always just change the instance type, which involves a reboot, but is a relatively easy way to scale RDS. However, this is not the preferred approach. We still only have one RDS instance here, so we still have a single point of failure and multi-az RDS would help us resolve that. But AWS wants us to scale out and not scale up. So this is an example of scaling up. Let's look at an example of scaling out. We can scale out with read replicas. And read replicas are going to provide read only copies of our RDS instance to improve the performance and also to improve durability. So instead of just having one instance, we're going to have multiple instances that are going to asynchronously replicate. Basically meaning if we have our primary instance, everything that changes within it is going to be asynchronously replicated to the read replicas. Read replicas are supported on MySQL, MariaDB, and Postgres databases within RDS. So when you create a read replica, a snapshot is taken of the source RDS instance. And if you're just using a single RDS instance, well, any time you take a snapshot, there's going to be a performance impact. Now, if you're using Multi-az RDS, this snapshot will be taken from the standby and therefore it will not impact performance. And so once the snapshot is taken, a read replica is deployed. And now all of the read operations from our database clients can be spread across multiple instances. So I could set up some of my database clients to read from the master, and some of them to read from one read replica, and some of them to read from a different read replica. And this is great if you have heavy read workloads. Each read replica can handle read operations. Each read replica has its own unique DNS address. So I can set up my clients to point to specific read replicas for their read operations. You can have up to five copies. They can be cross availability zone and cross region. So I can have a read replica that's even in a different AWS region. And this also gives me some availability and durability benefits because I can always promote a read replica. And so when you promote a read replica, what you're essentially doing is you're saying, I no longer want this read replica to be a read replica. I want it to be its own independent database. And so if something catastrophic happens and a region is down for an extended period, we could promote a read replica in a different region and point all of our clients to that. Once a read replica is promoted, it is no longer a read replica anymore. Its relationship with the master database is broken. And I have to have automatic backups configured if I want to use read replicas. This is a prerequisite. So let's take a look at a little diagram here. Here's my master instance running in a specific availability zone within region one. I can create a read replica and I can put it in the same availability zone. I could put it in a different availability zone, and the database clients can then be configured to perform reads against the read replica, and to perform writes on the master RDS instance. The read replica cannot handle writes. You can't perform any writes on it, you can only perform reads. But the idea here is that in read heavy workloads where we have a lot of read operations going on, we can now offload those from the master RDS instance and spread it across a group of read replicas. And as mentioned, those read replicas can be indifferent availability zones. They can be in the same availability zone. They can be in different regions. And so in this case, let's say that I have deployed a read replica in a separate AWS region. Maybe region one is Ohio, maybe region two is California. Now there's a few reasons that we may want to do this. Maybe I've got database clients in that other region, and I don't want them sending all of that read traffic to a different AWS region, because it's going to be slower and because there's going to be transfer charges associated with that. So in that scenario, yeah, it's a great idea to create a read replica in a different AWS region. But the other benefit of having a read replica in a separate region is what if region one goes down for an extended time period? Well, I can manually go into the AWS console and I can promote my read replica. And the read replica is then going to become its own independent database. And I could then create read replicas based on this in different availability zones in the other region. So just understand this is a manual operation. And once you perform this manual operation, this database is now independent of the original master. It's its own database instance with its own DNS name. We're going to have to point all of our clients and tell them to perform all of the write operations on this newly promoted read replica. So Cross-region read replicas are supported for MariaDB, MySQL, Oracle, Postgres and SQL server. Now, we've already learned about Multi-az, and we've learned how we can take a database and and create a standby instance in another availability zone. We can also do this for read replicas. So you can have multi AZ on the master database instance. And you can also have multi AZ on the read replicas. And so in this case we've got a primary a master read replica and a standby that's been created in a second availability zone. And everything that changes on the master is being synchronously replicated to the secondary. Just like multi AZ reads with a normal database that's not a read replica. The standby has to be in the same region as the master read replica. And so now this replication traffic is being carried out. And both of these read replicas have the same DNS name. They both have the same exact DNS name. And under normal circumstances, that DNS name is going to send everything to the master read replica. And so that's how my client is configured. It's saying, hey, if you want to perform a read operation on this database, send it to this DNS name. The client does not know the IP address of either of these read replicas. And so as this is going on, all of the data from the master is being replicated to the standby synchronously. And if this master read replica fails, the DNS record is going to be automatically updated to point to the standby read replica in the second availability zone. So we can enable multi AZ on normal databases and also on read replicas of those databases as well. So if we want a read replica to be highly available, this is a great option. Now finally, let's take a moment to talk about the concept of sharding. And we can use read replicas to enable sharding on a database. So let's start with a little scenario here. Let's say that we have this database and it's being overwhelmed with work. And what we want to do is we want to use sharding as a solution in this case. So what sharding means is we want to take some of the contents of this database, and we want to move some of the contents to a new RDS instance. Basically, think about it as dividing your database in half. And now you've got two database instances, each with half of the data. Well, we could do this using read replicas. So step one we create a read replica of the database that we want to shard. And all of the contents of the database are going to be created using a snapshot inside of this read replica. And once the read replica is ready to go, replication will begin to occur as well. So now I have two databases that are exactly the same. The master and the read replica have all of the same contents. Once they are all ready to go and the read replica is ready for action, I can promote the read replica to make it its own independent database. At this point, the relationship between the master and the read replica is broken. There's no more replication occurring from this moment forward. But what we can do now is we can go to our database client and we can say, hey, for certain records, you're going to use this database for certain records, you're going to use this database like for example, maybe the database is a list of users or a list of employees. Well, I can configure my client application to say, hey, if the employee name begins with the letters A through L, that record is going to be in this database. If the employees last name begins with M through Z, those records are going to be in this database. And so that intelligence needs to be present in the database client itself. It needs to know which database to look at for which data and if it's making changes. It needs to know which database to write to.