In this video, I'll demonstrate how to create a read replica of an RDS instance. So here I am at the RDS dashboard of the AWS console again, and you can see my RDS instance here Rick demo RDS. I'm just going to select this instance. And I can go to actions and I can create a read replica. So here's the replica source. And this is where the source of the replication is going to be. I'm just going to give a new database identifier to the read replica. So I'm going to call it Rick Demo RDS replica. And I can choose the instance class here. Now I may want to choose a different instance class than the primary RDS instance. So maybe I might not want Burstable, I might want memory optimized or standard or something like that here. In this case, I'm just going to choose the T4G micro, just like we did for the master database. Notice I can create the read replica in many different regions, so I can choose a different region here. Now in the case of this demonstration, I'm just going to stick with the same region. I'm going to create a read replica in Ohio. And you can see it's populating all of the storage information here to match the primary. It's a general purpose SSD volume, GP3, 40 gigs of allocated storage. We can see here that storage auto scaling is enabled just like the master database. Now do I want my read replica to be highly available? I can enable Multi-az on my read replica if I want. So that way if the primary availability zone is down, the read replica still works and I have enabled Multi-az on my master database, so I'm going to enable it on the read replicas as well. But I could do if I want to save some money. I don't have to do that right. I could just deploy the RDS instance to a single AZ. I'm going to make it multi-az and I'll choose my subnet group. This is going to govern which subnets inside of my VPC are going to be used to create this RDS instance. I'm just going to use the same security group as my master database. And I'm going to use the same authentication options. If I take any snapshots of this RDS instance, I want it to be tagged and I'll scroll all the way to the bottom here. And I'm going to create the read replica. So what's happening right now is a snapshot is being taken of my master RDS instance. It's creating a full copy of that master RDS instance as a read replica. And this part's going to take a little while. All right. So I waited about ten minutes, and now we can see that the read replica has been successfully created. So now I've got my primary RDS instance. This can handle read and write operations. And if I click on the primary RDS instance you can see the end point. This is the DNS name for the primary instance. If I click on the read replica you'll notice that it has a different endpoint name. So I am going to configure my database clients to perform reads on this DNS name instead of using the DNS name of the primary RDS instance. All right. So now I've got a read replica that is ready to go that is working properly. Everything that's being changed in the primary instance is going to be asynchronously replicated to this read replica. Now, one of the things that we can do with a read replica is we can go to actions here, and we can promote this. And by promoting it, what you are essentially doing is you are taking this read replica and you are making it its own, completely independent RDS instance. You're breaking the relationship between the primary instance and the read replica, and you're making the read replica its own independent RDS instance. So in order to do that, I'm going to have to configure some of our kind of normal options here. I'm going to enable automated backups. We'll just retain one backup per day. And then I'm going to click Promote Read Replica. And so again as usual this part is going to take a few moments for this process to be completed. But the end result here is that the Rick demo replica will no longer be linked and associated with Rick Demo RDS. It's going to stop being a read replica, and it's going to become its own independent database. And so now it took about a minute or so, but I can see that the read replica has now entered the modifying state. And so this process is going to take a little while to complete. All right, so it's been about ten minutes. The read replica has rebooted, a backup was taken of it, and it is now a completely independent database. So you can see it's no longer linked to this primary instance. Now it's its own independent database instance. And so in a scenario in which maybe I wanted to move my RDS instance from one availability zone to another, hey, this could do that job. Or if I wanted to move it from one region to another, this could do that job. I could accomplish that goal. The big thing, though, to just bear in mind here, is that it's not going to take that DNS name with it, right? So the master RDS instance, or I should say the original master has a certain DNS name, a certain endpoint, this instance, which used to be a read replica, but now it's its own independent database, has a different endpoint, a different DNS name. So if I am going to use read replicas to move my instance to a different availability zone or a different region, I'm going to have to reconfigure my clients to point towards that different database instance.