Welcome back. When working on data engineering projects, it's important to understand the shape and the contents of the data before transforming the data to meet the business requirements. For this exploratory analysis, of course, we can write some SQL or Python code to get the information that we need, but to make it easier. Databricks also offers some capabilities to profile the data. There are two options available in Databricks. The first one is via the Databricks notebook user interface, and the other one is via the DB utils package in Databricks. We're going to look at both of these capabilities in this lesson. Having said that, the profiling offered by Databricks may not be sufficient in all cases. So we'll also look at profiling the data manually, during which we'll explore some of the functions such as count, Countif, min, max, etc.. Let's start with the notebook user interface to profile the data. Let's say we want to profile our customers data And let's select the data from our bronze view first. So I'm going to do a select from gizmo box dot bronze dot V underscore customers. And we got the data selected here. In order to profile all of this data we need to click on the plus button here and click on Data Profile. And now Databricks will profile all of that data for us. As you can see, the output from the data profiling is here. Please note that the amount of time it takes to profile the data depends on the amount of data that you've got. So if you have a table with a huge amount of data, you may want to limit the data before trying to profile it so that you get your results back as quickly as you can. So let's now go through the profiling outputs. As you can see here, the profiling is done and grouped based on the data type. So the integer and the numeric features are here and the categorical ones are here. And let's go through each one of them here. As you can see for customer ID there are 60 records with the customer ID being populated, and there are 3.23% of the records are missing the customer ID that is two records basically. And you get the mean value standard deviation zeros, min, max and median values here. And also you get the data type here and you get a histogram to look at as well. And if we scroll down we'll be able to see the categorical values. So let's pick for example email. So we've got 55 records with the email populated. And about 11.29% of the records don't have the email. And we got the unique values. We got the frequencies, average length and the data type as well. And as you can see, it's already given us some useful information. For example, customer ID is the primary key on this table, but there are two records without the customer ID being populated. Related. So when we come to clean up the data, we can simply remove those two records and probably raise it with the supplier of the data so that they can fix the other at their end and then send it back again. So it is quite useful. And now let's look at profiling the data using the db utils package. It offers a function called summarize. And the input to the summarize function is a data frame. So let's create a data frame first. And then we can pass that to the summarize function. And in order to create a data frame as you know we can use the spark dot table function and pass in the table name. So let's do that I'm going to switch to Python here. And let's create a data frame called df. And let's use the function spark dot table. And let's pass in the same table name which is the v underscore customers view basically. And let me execute this statement and the data frame will be created, but now we need to pass the data frame to the summarise function of the db utils package. So let's do that. It will be db utils, dot data, dot summarise and to that function we want to pass in that data frame. Let's do that. And I'm just passing in the data frame here. So let me execute that function now. And as you can see the profiling offered by the Databricks utility gives us the same output as the UI. It's exactly the same. It's two ways of getting there. One is programmatically getting it and the other one is just clicking on the UI to get the results. There is no difference between the two if you are looking to find any differences. As you can see, the profiling offered by Databricks is quite simple here. For example, we got the count of the customer IDs and the missing customer IDs, but we didn't get information such as if there are any duplicates in the data, so having the unique customer IDs will be quite useful for that. So like that. If you have complicated requirements, you can also profile the data manually using SQL statements to meet our specific requirements. We'll do something a bit more involved in the next lesson, but let's do something simple in this lesson so that we can get started. And let's start with the count function. Let's say we want to count the total number of records, and we want to count the number of records with the customer ID being populated and email being populated, etc. in order to do that, you can do the select statement again. We can use count the count function with the star basically gives you the total number of records. So it counts all the records. So let me do a from clause as well and show you the output. And as you can see we got 62 records in this table. But let's say I want to count the number of records with the customer ID being populated. In order to do that, you need to give the customer ID as the column name here. Let me execute this statement and I'll talk you through that. As you can see, the output is 60. So when you pass in a column name, it only counts the values with the customer ID being not null. So there are 60 records with a customer IDs being populated. That's why we got the value as 60. Let's do the same for email and telephone. That's great. We got the output here. As you can see, there are 55 records with the email being populated and 57 records with the telephone number being populated. If you scroll up, you will see the same results here. As you can see, we've got 55 emails being populated and 57 telephone numbers. So it's pretty cool. But what would be quite useful is to get the number of records where the customer ID is null and where the email is null, etc. so I want to see results as count a customer ID as two and count of emails as seven, for example. In order to do that, we can use the count if function to the Countif function. You can also give a condition. Let me show you that. Let me copy this. First. We can simply say count if that is the function and within the parameter, we just have to give the condition, so that will be count if customer id is null. And similarly you can do the same for email and telephone. That's simply going to count the number of records where the column value is null. That's exactly what we want. So let me execute this statement. As you can see, we've got the result with the customer ID being null as two records and email being null as seven records, etc. you can do the same thing using the Where clause. So for example, if I wanted to get the number of records where the customer ID is null, I would simply use the count star function, and I can use the condition in the where clause. Let me show you that. And here I'll say where customer ID is null and that should give us number of records as two. So let me do that. As you can see we've got the result as two. So there are multiple ways of doing this kind of exploratory analysis. So either you would use the Countif function to count where the field is null, or you can just apply the condition in the Where clause. If you have complex conditions, it might be easier to do it in the Where clause. And then you can just get the outputs that way. Let's now look at whether there are any duplicate customer IDs. We don't want to have any duplicate customer records in our silver or gold layers, so we need to remove them before they get there. So let's look to see whether there are any duplicate records. The built in profiling. As I said, doesn't give you the at the moment. So let's write our own query to do that. There are multiple ways of doing that, but the simplest thing is to count the total records and the total number of unique customer IDs, and they should be exactly the same value. If not, we have duplicate data. Let's do that. So I'm going to do a count star. That will give me the total number of records. And we want to get the distinct number of records. So let's do count of distinct customer ID. That will only count the unique customer IDs. And let me just accept that. And also we know that there are two records with a customer ID being null. So let's exclude them. We don't want them to be clouding the output here. Let's let's exclude them in the Where clause I'm going to simply say where customer ID is not null. So we are only looking at the records with a customer ID being not null. So they are valid records. And within those records, we want to get the total number of records, and we want to get the total number of unique customer IDs. And they this should be exactly the same. If not, there are duplicates in the data. So let me quickly execute this statement. And as you can see, we've got the total number of records at 60 and the unique customer IDs as 50. So that means there are ten records which are duplicate records. That's something we need to deal with. We don't want this invalid data to get into our silver layer or gold layer. So in the next lesson we'll look at fixing some of these data quality issues. But in this lesson I just wanted to show you how to build your own queries to explore the data, as well as the data profiling offered by Databricks itself. So as I said, Databricks offers data profiling out of the box, but that is quite limited at the moment, and you can use that for simple profiling. But if you need to look at the data a bit more closely, you will have to write your own SQL to explore the data. And that's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson, I'll show you how to fix some of these data quality issues. See you then.