Welcome back. As you know from the previous lesson, the customers file had some data quality issues. So in this lesson we're going to address some of those data quality issues and write the transformed data to the silver layer. So we're going to address these four points. Firstly we're going to remove any records with null customer ID. And then we'll look to address duplicate records. There are two types of duplicate records we got. Firstly the exact duplicate records. In that case we'll remove one of the duplicate records and keep the other one. And we also have some duplicate records where the customer IDs are the same, but the rest of the information is slightly different on each of the records. So we'll identify which one to keep and which one to remove. And also we will look to address the issues with the data type. For example, you may remember from the last lesson that the creator timestamp field was identified as a string, but it should be a timestamp. So we're going to fix that as well. And once we fix all the issues, we're going to write that data to the silver layer. Let's get started. Let's start with the first one which is to remove the records with the null customer ID. And we can write the select statement which will be select star from the table name. And we need to remove the records with the null customer ID so we can write the opposite, which is customer ID is not null. So we only want to select the records with customer ID, not null. So that will be customer ID is not null and that will give us the records with the customer ID being not null. Let's execute that. And that's brilliant. So that's executed fine. And we should have only 60 records here. As you can see we got 60 records and the two records are removed. So now let's look at removing the duplicate records. But before that let me show you the duplicate records we got. So I'm going to order the data by customer ID so we can see the duplicates next to each other and I can describe them. So let me execute this statement. And if I scroll down, as you can see, even the first record itself is a duplicate record. And we've got customer ID 1211. And both records have got exactly the same email address, date of birth and everything. So that's the easier one to fix. So we can simply take one of the records and remove the other one. But if you scroll down a bit more, you will be able to see the other records. For example, 3889 Jennifer Jackson, where the email address for the line number 14 is null and the other one is Catherine 77 Example.org so we've got two different emails here. But so in those cases, we need to identify which record to keep and which one to remove. Ideally, the one which we would want to keep is the one with the latest created timestamp. So we'll deal with that next as well. What would have happened here is the customer informed about a change to their email address. And we've applied the change, but we're keeping both records. So in those scenarios, we only want to keep the latest record. That should have been the case, but we have got both records unfortunately. So we'll have to remove one of those. We'll do that next. So let's start with the exact duplicates. In order to remove the exact duplicates we can use the keyword distinct. So let me show you that I'm going to simply paste that and then write the keyword distinct. So that will be select distinct star from the table name. And we can even remove the order by. But let's keep the order by so that we can see what's happening. And let me execute that statement. As you can see, we only have one record for the customer ID 1211. And also if you scroll down you're only going to see 55 records. So five records have been removed, five of the duplicates. But we still have the other duplicates. As you can see, the line number 13 and 14 are still duplicate records, and we need to keep only one of them. There are two ways of approaching that. There is a quicker way, which is a dirty way. That's what people normally tend to go for. I'll show you that first, but then I'll also explain why that's not a good idea. So in this case, what you can do is we can group the record by the customer ID, and then we can get the minimum or maximum of the other values. So if you find two records we can say min of created timestamp. That will give you just one record. But when you group a data by customer ID you're only going to have unique customer IDs. So let me show you that. Let's also add group by customer ID here. And I'm going to use max of and let's do it for the created timestamp first. And then we'll use the other columns as well. I'm going to keep going with the other columns quickly. And if I execute this statement, I'm only going to see one record for each of the customers. So there will be 50 records. And as you can see there are only 50 records. But what's happened is for each of the customers, we've taken the highest created timestamp, highest customer name, etc. but that's not really right, because if the customer given us the information to say that their date of birth changed on the second record, the created record timestamp will be higher and the date of birth may be lower, and we might be still picking up the highest date of birth from the first record. So we could be picking values from different records depending on whether it's a higher value or a lower value. You don't want to do that, but ideally what you would want to do is to find the record with the highest created timestamp and get all the information from that record. I'm going to show you how to write that, but the certification really doesn't test that. So if you don't get it fully, don't worry about it because it's slightly complex either. You'll have to use subqueries or common table expressions. So I'm going to use common table expression. But before that, to make it simple, let's create a view over the distinct statement here that we've used so that we don't have to repeat all of that code one more time. This is an ideal place where you want to use a temporary view, and just use the output from the temporary view in the next query, so it makes it a little more simpler. So let me do create or replace temporary view. And I'm going to call this view as view V underscore customers distinct. And let's execute this statement. And this view is only going to have distinct customers. So let's use that as the base table for the next query. As I said the first thing we want to do is to get the highest created timestamp for the customer ID. So I'm going to use the same view here. And then I'm going to say customer ID comma maximum created timestamp. Let's also alias this column. And we need to group by customer ID. So that'll give us one record for each of the customer ID and the highest created timestamp. So let me execute that statement. And as you can see here we've got 50 records with the customer ID as this and the max created timestamp as this. So we can join this resultset with the original table. And then get only those records which are matching this customer ID and the created timestamp. We got two options here. Either we can create another view here to contain this select statement and join that view with the other view we've got here, which is V underscore customers distinct based on the customer ID and the created timestamp, and get the results. Or we can use a common table expression. I'm going to use a common table expression. I just want you to be aware of it. But if you don't understand everything, don't worry too much about it because you're not being tested in the certification. It's just a concept from SQL rather than Databricks. So let me quickly use a common table expression. So in a common table expression you start with the keyword width. And you need to give a name for the common table expression. I'm going to call this as a CTE underscore. Let's call it max because it's the highest value as. And then you can give the entire SQL. So let me give the entire SQL which is this one. This is again another form of view. You people call it inline view in some other database terminologies, but it's called a common table expression. So it's executed in memory. And then you will have the result of this query in memory as a table for you. And you can join that to your tables afterwards. So I'm going to simply do a select statement here. And let's uh, let's select from the view that we created previously which is our V underscore customers distinct. And let's call this one as T. And let's join this to our common table expression which is our CTE max. And we're going to alias the CTE as M. And we need to provide the join condition. And the join condition is t dot customer ID equals m dot customer ID and t dot created timestamp equals m dot created timestamp. Let me explain this one more time. All we've done here is we've We identified the customer ID and the highest created timestamp kept that in a view, and then we joined that to our other view. With that, we created with the distinct customers and we're getting the results here. We only want the results from the table T, which is our view here. And let me execute this statement. And that's given us all the 50 records here. As you can see, if you scroll down you're going to see one, two, one one that's got only one record. And also let me look for the other one. This is Jennifer Jackson. Uh, and we've got only one record for that customer ID as well. And that's got the right email address. And that's got the maximum created timestamp as well, which is brilliant. This is the right way of solving it. But you may see the other method which is using max on every single column, but that will give you undesired results. You don't want to be doing that unless it's just for a quick analysis of the data. And this is the right approach you should be doing in order to dedupe the data based on create a timestamp or any other timestamp field you've got, or a date field you've got to identify the latest record. Hope that makes sense to you. Let's now move on to the next step of the transformation. In this one, we want to cast the column values to the correct data type. So for example as you can see create a timestamp is a string. But I want it to be a timestamp. Similarly date of birth is a string. I want it to be a date, and membership should be a date as well or member since column. So let's do that and we can list all the column names. And we can use a function called cast to do that. So let me start with the created timestamp. So we use the function cast and to the function we need to supply the column name. So in this case it's create a timestamp. And we need to use the keyword as. And then you provide the data type. In this case it's timestamp. So and I'm going to give an alias for this column. So which will be created timestamp. And let's do the same for the other columns as well. We don't need to do any casting for things like customer ID, so I'm going to just simply list that here. But we need to cast our date of birth. Let's cast that. But this time we want to cast the date of birth as a date. So let me do that as well. And let's keep doing the other columns now. Okay. I've got all the columns here. Let me execute this statement. And as you can see I'll create a timestamp is a timestamp field and the date of birth. And the member since field are date fields. So let me copy this select statement and we're going to create the table now in our silver layer. Databricks offers something called CTAs statements. So in this case we have a Select statement which gives us the result that we need. That's what we executed here. And we want to create a table with this data. For that we can use a CTAs statement. It's very similar to how we created a view. So you simply start with the keywords create table and you give the name of the table. I'm going to create the table in the same catalog which is Gizmo box. But I want to create the table in the silver schema because it's transformed data. It goes in the silver schema. And I'm going to call the table as customers. And we need to use the keyword here as. And then you just give the SQL that gives you the result that you need. So I'm going to simply paste that. As you can see, we've got the SQL that gives us the output. And we're using a create table as statement. And it's commonly referred to as CTAs statement. Uh, again it's not a Databricks concept. It's a SQL concept. So let me execute this statement. And that should create the silver table customers. Let's do that. The table is now created. As you could see it took longer than what we've seen previously with creating tables which are external tables. This is a managed table. That's why it took time. It took about 26 seconds. When we created external tables. They took a couple of seconds because external tables are just metadata over the files which already exist. But in this case, it took all the data and created the metadata representing the table, as well as created the files in the file system. I'll show you that in a bit, but let's select the data from the table. I'm going to do select star from this table and let's make sure the data is as expected. As you can see, we've got 50 records, no duplicates in the data. And we have all the information as we expect to see, which is things like create a timestamp as timestamp, date of birth, as date, etc.. That's brilliant. As I said, this table is a managed table. So let me describe the table first. Let's use the describe extended command. And as you can see underneath so it's catalog gizmo box database silver. That's all fine. And if you scroll down you will see that the type of the table is managed. And the manage table is created under the gizmo box container under silver folder. Because that is where our schema is pointing. As I said, when you are creating a table which is a managed table, Databricks will look to see the manage location of the schema, which is silver in this case. And you may remember that we set the manage location of the silver schema to be this location that we're seeing here. Let me show you that first anyway. So if you look at the details, you would see that the storage location of the schema is here. So this is where the data is created. We gave the manage location as this. And Databricks Unity Catalog adds the rest of the information. And that's where your table will be created. But if you didn't have manage location for the schema, it will look back on the catalog itself and then create it via the catalog is pointing at, which is the managed location of the catalog. In this case, we got the manage location for the schema. That's why it's going to be created there. Let's go over to the Azure portal and take a look at the data as well. And we got gizmo box here. And silver is the folder where we create in the Manage tables and under Unity Catalog schemas we got this folder. And under tables you're going to see our table. So this is our table basically. And the table has got this guide. You will be able to see that here as well. As you can see this is the ID of the table. So Databricks basically uses the Guid of the schema here and the ID of the table here to come up with the folder structure. But the folder structure at the beginning is given by us which is the managed location for the schema. I'm sorry if I was repeating it a couple of times. It's quite important to understand that. And the type of the table is delta, which we'll look at in the upcoming sections of the course. But for now, just understand that a table is a managed table and it's created in this location. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.