Welcome back. Now that we've transformed the customer data. Let's look at transforming the payments data. I'll teach you a couple of transformations tested by the certification exam in this lesson. Firstly we'll look at working with timestamps and how to extract a portion of the timestamp. We'll do that with the payment timestamp column here. We'll split that into two different columns, one to contain the payment date and another one to contain the payment time. We'll then work with the payment status column. As you can see here, current values of the payment status are numeric values such as one, two, three, four, etc.. We'll replace them with descriptive values such as success, pending, cancelled, failed, etc. so that it's easier for the data analyst and the data scientist to work with the data downstream. Finally, we'll create a manage table with the transform data in the silver schema. And let's get started by extracting date and time from the payment timestamp column. Databricks offers a function called date format, which helps us achieve this. Let me take you to the documentation for that. As you can see here, date format function accepts two parameters. The first one is the expression. And the expression can be a date, timestamp, or a string in a valid date time format. In our case, we got a timestamp itself, and we can provide a format and the date format function, extract the information in the format that's supplied. And let's take a look at the format that you can supply. And that is date time patterns basically. So let me scroll down. And as you can see here, you can feed in M for example to get the minute of the hour and uppercase M for example, to get the month of the year, etc.. And I would encourage you to go through this documentation, but let's go back to the notebook and I'll show you what we need to feed in to get the information that we need for our use case here. So we need to get the date from the timestamp. So let's use the function date format here. And the first parameter is the payment timestamp. And we need to give the format here. And I want the date in the format y y y y hyphen m m d d. So let me explain that. Y y y y y here represents that we want a four digit year and m m here represents that. I want the two digit month. And also I want the two digit date. That's what I wanted. So let me close the brackets and alias the column as payment date. And let me execute this select statement now and see the results. As you can see here, we've got the payment date as 2024 1217. So it's in the format that we supplied. Let me also have the payment timestamp here so that we can see the result side by side. And also let's get the payment time now. So I'm going to simply copy this line. And this time I want to get the information as time. So I want just the hour h h and seconds sorry minutes m Mhm. And I want s as well. As you can see here the meaning of lowercase letters is different to the uppercase letters. In this case lowercase m represents minute and uppercase m represents month. So please be careful of that. And we want the two digit our two digit minute and the two digit seconds here. And I'm going to call this column name as payment time. And as you can see here we've got the information that we needed. So the hour minute and second has been extracted into the payment time column as well. And they both now string columns. But if you wanted the payment date to be a date, you can use another function called cast to cast it into a date. So I'm going to simply use that cast. And then you go around the whole function date format. And then you need to specify the data type. In this case we want it to be a date. So let me give that. So it will be cast the string as a date. And that should output the information in dates. So as you can see now the data type here is date. So let me take out the payment timestamp that we don't need anymore. And that's everything we wanted to do here. We've got the payment date and time as we expected. So let's now move on to our second requirement. The second requirement is to decode all our payment statuses into descriptive values. For this we can use the simple case expression from SQL. And here is the documentation for case expression. I would encourage you to take a look at it, but simply put case expression starts with the keyword case. And then you give an expression. In our case that can be just the column name which is payment status. And then you say when the value of payment status for example, in our case, let's say if it's one, I want the output to be success. The success value goes under the then clause, and then you keep going with the other values as well. And then in the case expression with the end keyword, that's all you need to do. But let me quickly do that for our column and then you'll understand it. So it starts with a keyword case. And then you go with payment status which is a column name. And then you specify the when clause within, when you specify the value you expect to see from payment status. Let's say if it's one. And then I want the output to be success. So we can simply accept the suggestion from I here and let me change the case to uppercase. Yes. And when the value is two I want the output to be pending. It suggested a failed, but I want the value to be pending. So let me type that in and let's keep going with the other values as well. And finally we end the case statement with the end keyword. And I'm going to alias this column name as payment status. So let me execute this statement. And as you can see here all our payment status values, which used to be one, two, three, four, as you can see here, have been converted into meaningful values, success, failed, pending, etc., which are really useful for someone who is looking at the data downstream, which is brilliant. So we've done all the transformations that we needed to do, and the final thing we want to do is to create the silver table. So let me simply copy this statement and then I'm going to create the silver table. And I'm using the C to statement which is create table as and then the select statement. And I'm creating the table in unity catalog schema called silver. And the name of the table is again going to be payments. Let me execute this statement. With that we've successfully transformed the data as we needed and return the transformed data to our silver layer. And as you can see, our silver table has got all the information that we need, which is the transformed payment date, payment type, as well as payment status columns together with all of the columns, which is brilliant. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.