Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at transforming the reference data. Again I'll teach you another couple of transformations tested by the certification exam in this lesson. As you can see the refund reason here includes not just the refund reason which is payment error in the first record. It also includes information about whether the customer or the retailer initiated the refund in the first record retailer initiated the refund. Here we want to extract the refund reason and the source of the refund separately and store that in two separate columns. There are many ways of doing this, and we'll look at two different functions which helps us extract information from a given string. First we'll look at the split function which is slightly straightforward. And then we'll look at using the regular expression function called regexp underscore extract, which is a bit more sophisticated. While doing this, we'll also look at the date format function to extract the date and time from the reef and timestamp. We've already seen that in the last lesson, but I just want to give you a bit more practice working with the date format function here. Once transformed, the data will be written to the silver layer. This time we're going to write the data to the hive Metastore. We can write it to the unity catalog, but I want to write it to hive Metastore so that I can show you the default storage location of the manage table in hive Metastore. That's a question which is frequently tested by the certification exam. So I want you to be aware of that. But let's get started with using the split function to split the refund reason into to two separate values. As you can see here, we've got one whole string which contains the refund reason and the source of the refund, which is either a retailer or a customer. But the two values are separated by a colon. So we can use a separator which is colon, to identify the payment reason or refund reason, and the source of the refund separately, and that's what we'll do. Let me open up the documentation for this split function. As you can see here, it accepts three parameters. The first two are mandatory and the last one is optional. The first value is the string which you want to feed in to split. In our case it is the refund reason as it is, and then we want to feed in a character or a string, which you can use to split the string into. In our case, we can feed in a colon to split the original string into two separate strings, and we can specify the limit. So when you call a split function, what you get back is an array of strings. You can say, I want my array to have this many occurrences. That's what goes in the limit. And you can omit that. And the default is zero. And that means it's no limit that is sufficient for our use case. So let's go back to our notebook and start writing the split function. So that goes around the refund reason. I'm going to use the split function here and we need to give the second parameter. As I said we can feed in colon here. So let me do that and then see what comes out. And then we'll work on the output and get what we need. As you can see here the string, that's what we had in the original output. And that's been turned into an array. So we got an array with two occurrences zero and one. And the first one has got the payment error which is the refund reason. And the second one has the refund source. So we can simply use the instance zero or occurrence zero to get the refund reason. And we can use the occurrence one to get the refund source. So let me execute this statement now. And as you can see we got two columns here. And one of them has got the refund reason and the other one has got the refund source, which is brilliant. But I also want to demonstrate the same thing using the regular expression. For that you can use the regexp underscore extract function. Let me take you through the documentation and then we'll come back and do the code. As you can see again this function expects the string from which we're going to extract the data as the first parameter. But we need to provide a regular expression here. So it uses that matching expression to identify the data that needs to be extracted from. The regular expression that we're going to give can be quite complicated. Regular expressions itself is a totally separate topic. We're not going to go too much into it, but I'm going to simply show you what you can do. So there is some documentation here. Again, I'm going to just link this in the notebook so you can see that. And you can use the characters specified here to match your expression. It might not make a lot of sense here now, but when I show you the solution for what we're going to do, you will be able to understand it slightly better. So let me go back to the notebook and let me write the SQL here, and then I'll take you through what I've written. As you can see here to the function regexp underscore extract, I supplied the refund reason as the first parameter, which is fine. As you can see here, we got a pattern to match here. The hat symbol here tells you that we want the pattern to start from the beginning of the string. And also we're looking for a colon here. So hat colon matches the start of the string. And then the brackets here captures the entire string that matches the pattern as a group. And then we can say I just want first The first group from the group being matched. So if I execute this statement, you're going to see that actually the refund reason has been extracted. So as you can see payment error has been extracted from here. And similarly we can extract the second group and let me do that as well. And for that we need to supply a slightly different pattern because we need to go to the end of the string. The dollar indicates that it is the end of the string. And that will be in this pattern here. As you can see, I'm going up to the end of the string after the colon. I've started the pattern, but I'm getting all the characters up to the dollar. And if I rename the column to Refund Source, for example, and if I execute it, I'll be able to get the retailer or the customer as the refund source here. And it might not make a lot of sense to you, but go through the pattern if you are interested in And a lot of you may have worked in other databases or languages like Java or Python, where you may have used regular expression. So I don't have to explain this. And also, the certification really doesn't test your ability to understand regular expressions, but it expects you to know some basic concepts. So you go through the documentation here for regex extract function, and also the pattern that I've given here that explains everything that you need to know. I hope now you have a basic understanding about the regexp underscore extract function. And the last thing we wanted to do is to get the date and time from the refund timestamp, which we did already once in the last lesson. So let me quickly write the date format function to get that information. And as you can see, I've just specified the pattern for the date and the pattern for the time. I'm also going to use the cast function so that I can get the date as a date data type. Let me do that and let me execute this statement. And I should get the results that I wanted. And as you can see, we got the refund date and refund time separately. And the refund reason and the refund source separately as well. So we got all the information that we needed. And the last thing we want to do is to create the table in our silver schema. So let me do that. And again we're going to use the CTA statement. And we're going to create our table in the hive Metastore. As I said we can create the table in Unity catalog. Even though our source data is coming from hive Metastore. You can mix and match tables. Actually, you can read a table from hive Metastore and write the output to unity catalog and vice versa. But in this case, I'm going to show you what happens when you write the data to hive Metastore as a managed table. As you know, we don't have the silver schema. Let me go to the Catalog Explorer and show you what I mean. So we've only created the bronze schema in hive metastore. We don't have the silver schema. So let me create the silver schema. Let me add the code here. And let's create a schema and call that as silver. And we can specify the location of where the data is going to be written. And if you specify the location that's where the data will be written for the manage table here. But I'm not going to specify the location here. I'm going to leave it as it is. And let me execute this statement. And I'll show you what happens when you create a manage table and where the data is going to be returned to. So let me execute this statement as well and create the table. And let's run a select statement on the table to see whether the data looks okay. And the data looks as we expect to see we've got the refund date time and the reason and the source as we expected to see. But the important thing is to look to see where the data files are returned to in the storage. In order to do that, you can run the describe extended command and let me specify the table name here and let's execute this statement. As you can see here, the catalog is hive metastore and the database is silver or schema is silver. And the table name is refunds. But if you go down, your location of the data is going to be in a folder called User Hive warehouse. And then under that it's created a folder called silver Dot db to represent the database. And that's where the data is written. So the important thing to remember here is when you don't specify the location for a schema, when you create a manage table in that schema, the data will be returned to the default storage, which is the user Hive warehouse folder in the default storage that's created as part of the workspace itself. I hope you now understand what happens to the data files when you're creating a manage table on a schema for which we haven't specified the location in hive metastore. The files will be returned to the user hive warehouse folder in the root storage. We don't want this to happen, because if you do it this way, there can be multiple projects you're working on. All the projects will be writing the data to the same folder and it becomes totally unmanageable. And also this storage is attached to the workspace. When you delete a workspace, the storage also gets deleted. This is why it's always important to create an external storage, like we did with the unity catalog, and write all your data to external storage. You can do the same with hive Metastore as well. I hope that's clear to you. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.