Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to transform the membership data. As you know, memberships is a binary file with the image of the customers membership cards. As you can see in the data, it has four columns path modification, time, length and content. But there isn't a specific column called customer ID so that we can link the membership card to the customer ID in the customers table and see all the customer information together. Having said that, as you can see, the path contains the name of the file which is in the format customer id dot png. If we simply extract the first part of the file name, that will be the customer ID, and we can store that as a new column called customer ID we can then join this table to the customer table using the customer ID. For this we can use regular expression function called regexp underscore extract. Most of you might already be familiar with regular expressions from working in other databases or programming languages, such as Java or DotNet, etc. But for those of you who are not familiar, I'll take you through the documentation quickly. But please don't worry, you don't need to be a master in regular expressions. You just need to know the concepts. Let me take you to the documentation. As you can see, the first parameter for the regexp underscore extract function is the input string, i.e. the string from which the patterns are to be extracted. The second parameter is the matching pattern itself, and the third parameter indicates which group to extract. If there are multiple matches in the input string for the matching pattern supplied. It's quite simple. The only hard part here is the difficulty in supplying the matching pattern. There is a specific language altogether to do this. I've linked the documentation for that here and take a look at it when you get time. The documentation gives you a complete guide on supplying the matching pattern for Java, which works with Databricks. But let me now take you through the matching pattern for our requirement here and explain which will give you an idea of how it works. And let me start the select statement here. We're going to select the data from our bronze table. And we want to extract the information from the path column. So I'm going to use the regexp underscore extract function here. And we want to get the information from the path column. And we want to specify the pattern. Let me talk you through the data first. As you can see here we've got the value of the path like this. But we don't really need any of the information upfront. But we want the numbers here which is 3409 here. And we do not want the dot PNG as well. So when we're going through the string in our head, we can look to see that there is a slash followed by certain numbers dot PNG. And that's the pattern we need from that we want to get the group here which is a And number. So we are going to define our regular expression to specify this pattern, which is a slash followed by a set of numbers. Dot png. And also we will make sure that there are more characters before that. And we'll just extract the number from that one. So we're going to call that one as a group. That's why it's referred to in regular expressions. Let me specify that. So the pattern starts with dot star that denotes a number of characters. And that's followed by a slash. We want to ensure that there is a slash. And there are a number of characters before that. But we don't need any of these to be extracted. But what we need is the characters after the slash. So whatever you need in a group to be extracted, you need to have it in a bracket. It's a standard bracket and we need to specify what we want. We want that value to be certain numbers. We don't want any alphabets or anything like that the way you denote numbers in regular expression is within square brackets 0 to 9, so it can have the value 0 to 9, and the square bracket actually indicates that there is one of these. But in order to say there can be many numbers, you again specify that the symbol plus. So now there can be one or more numeric characters. And that's something we need. And then we need to specify the as to end with the character dot png. And the character dot in regular expression itself is a special character. So we need to escape that. So I'm going to simply use the slash double slash there. And then we need to end that with the dollar, because the string ends with the PNG as the character. If PNG appeared somewhere in the middle, we don't want that. So we're going to indicate that actually that's where the entire string ends. So that's denoted by a dollar if it's a beginning normally it's a hat symbol. But when you look at the documentation you'll understand that. And that should ideally give us the pattern. But we only want the one occurrence. So there is only one occurrence in this case. But if there are multiple we want the first occurrence. So we can give the index as one. And I'm going to call this as customerid. Let's execute this statement and see whether we get the information we need. And as you can see we managed to pull the customer ID from our path. The first record has got 3409 as the customer ID, the next one is 9687. And that's what you're seeing here. I also want the content in the silver table. So I'm simply going to get the content column. But I'm going to alias that as membership card because it is membership card. And that select statement basically gives me everything that I need in my silver table. So I'm going to simply copy that and I'm going to create the table in the silver table silver layer here. And again we are going to use the CTA statement here. So that will be create table. And then we need the table name which will be gizmo box dot silver dot memberships. And let's use the keyword as and the select statement. And that should create the silver table in our silver layer. So let me quickly query the data as well. Make sure that the data looks as we expected. And as you can see the table is now created in our silver schema. And we've got the data that we need. And now we'll be able to join the membership data with the customers data. If we wanted to put the data together. That's brilliant. That's all we wanted to do in this lesson. But as I said, actually you just need to be aware of regular expression functions, but you don't need to be a master in defining your matching patterns and things like that. So just take a look at the documentation. You'll be able to understand them. But if you have this level of knowledge, you will be able to clear the exam. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.