Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to transform the addresses data. As you can see each customer has two addresses in this table, one for shipping and another one for billing. We want to combine these two records into a single row for each customer. To achieve this, we can use the pivot class. Let me first show you the documentation. At first it may look a bit complicated, but once you work through an example, it's pretty straightforward. But let me quickly take you through the syntax here. We basically need a table reference which will be our bronze table. And then that will be followed by the pivot class. And we need to give the list of columns with an aggregate function within the pivot class. And then that will be followed by the for clause. And that contains the list of column expression to pivot the data based on. In our case this is the address type. Basically address type goes here and all the address fields goes there under the pivot clause. And what you get back would be your customer ID Summarized and then the address fields for each of the address type. So shipping will have a set of addresses, and billing will have another set of addresses. Again, as I said, please don't get confused. Let me demonstrate that with the example that we are talking about. Let me go back to my documentation and I'm going to start writing the select statement here. So we need select from and we need the table name here. But I'm going to take the select statement from up here because our table had an additional column which I'm not interested in. So I'm going to simply copy that and let me paste it here. So I've only got the columns that I'm interested in here. And now we need to follow this with the pivot class. Let me type in pivot. Within the pivot class we're going to specify the list of columns that we are going to pivot to, and also the column that we are going to use to pivot the data by. So pivot is basically a rows to columns. So we got two rows here and we're going to turn the two rows into one row with multiple columns. So we're going to have a set of columns. For example you've got address, line, city, state, postcode etc. and we're going to have a shipping address line shipping, city shipping, state shipping postcode and similarly a billing address, line billing, city billing, state billing, postcode, etc.. So the column here address type is the column which you're going to use to pivot the data by. And these are the columns that we are going to be pivoting. So let me list the columns which are going to be pivoted to. For that we need to have an aggregate function as well. In our case it doesn't really matter which aggregate function we use. We can use the max or a min because there is only one value for each of the values. For example, for billing, we've got only one record and shipping we've only got one record. But if you have multiple records, the max and the min will give you a different result based on the data that you got. But in this case, it doesn't really matter. So I'm going to give max of address line one and let me give an alias as well. So I'm going to call it as address line one and let me do the same for the other columns as well. And we need to follow this with the for clause. As I said for clause is the one which is going to have the column which using which we are going to pivot the data by in this case it's address type. So we're going to say where our for address type in billing and shipping. So let's give the value shipping as well because we got two values. And let me close the bracket here now and let's have a semicolon. So that's all we need. As you can see here, if the table didn't have an extra column you could have just given the table name here. But our table has got a column called Rescue Data which comes from the read files function. If you look back in your bronze tables you will have an extra, extra column. I don't want that in my output, so I've just given that as inline view here. And the pivot class starts from here. Within pivot, you're going to give the list of columns that you're going to pivot to and also the column using which you're going to pivot the data by goes in the for clause. That's all we need to do. Let me execute this statement and see what happens. Okay I've got a syntax error here. That's because I am not selecting any columns. I need to have a select star at the top. So let me try and execute this statement again. Again I've got another error. Let me take a look. Okay I've had a couple of errors actually with the, uh, catalog names and things like that. I've fixed them and as you can see, we've got the result here. Let's take a look at one of the records and let's take this one. As you can see, we've got a shipping address, a shipping address, line one city, a state postcode, etc. and then if you scroll to the right, you will see the billing address. Line one billing city and billing state billing postcode as well. So for that customer we only have one record. So if you scroll up you'll see 100 records in the top. Uh, when we selected the data from the bronze table. And if you scroll down, you're going to see 50 records. That's because the two records for each of the customers now have been turned into just one record. And it's really cool that the pivot function also uses the values you got in the FA class to name your column names as well. So it's basically concatenated the value here with the name of the columns and given you the column names as well. That's brilliant. So let's now create the table using the CTAs statement. I'm going to simply create the table in the silver schema. And let me also try and select the data from the table once that's created, just to ensure that the data looks okay. And everything looks okay. The main thing from this lesson is that you can use the pivot function to pivot the data. Pivot basically means you're going from rows to columns. So you had multiple rows and they've been turned into one record with multiple columns. And that's what we wanted to achieve. And we've done that successfully. And that's the end of this lesson I'll see you in the next one.