Welcome back. In this lesson we will work with the orders data and I'll show you how to work with JSON strings. As you know, we couldn't read the orders file as a JSON object as it had data quality issues and it didn't conform to the JSON standards. So we read each of the records as text string. As you can see in the query results here, the column value is string rather than JSON. Databricks SQL offers the capability to extract column values without converting the JSON string to a JSON object. I'll show you that now, but please bear in mind that this is okay for some quick analysis, but for optimum performance, we should convert them into JSON objects and process the data. We'll do that in the next lesson, but let's focus on extracting information from the JSON strings. As you can see here, the value has got order ID, customer ID, order, date, etc. and also it's got the items object which is an array. So let's now look at how to extract top level information. Let's say we want to extract the order ID from the JSON string. To do that we can use the notation column name colon extraction path. In this case column name. Here is value and the extraction path is simply order id. Let me simply write a select statement to do that. And it will be select value and colon. And we need to give the extraction path which will be order underscore ID. And let me alias this column. And I'm going to call this as order ID. And let's also get the value of the original column. So that will be value. So we can see the value side by side. Let me execute this statement. And as you can see we've got the order ID extracted from the JSON string itself. And the value of the order ID for the first record is one and the third record is three, etc. the value is null for the second record because the JSON here is invalid. As you can see, the order date doesn't have the quotes around it. That's why it's an invalid JSON and we can't extract the information this way. That's okay, we'll fix that later on. But in this lesson let's just understand how to work with JSON strings. And now let's look at getting the information from the arrays. So as I said items is an array here. In this example we only have one occurrence of the array. But there can be more than one occurrence. Let's now look at how to get the value of the items array. Again we'll use the column name extraction path and then we need to give the index if you want a specific element from the array. But let's get the entire array. First I'm going to simply copy the select statement and then make the changes. And we're going to get items array. So let me give items here. And again I'm going to alias this column as items. And we managed to get the value of the array items. But we've got the entire value or the entire array. But in case we want to get only the first element from the array, in this case we only have one element. But I'll show you the second element in some of the others in a minute. In order to do that, we simply have to use the index as the array element as you know. Array. Start from the index zero. So zero is the first element. So I'm going to simply alias this column as item underscore one because it's the first item within the array. And let me execute this statement. And we've got the first element here. But as I said there are some arrays with two elements. So I'm going to show you those as well. So let me simply copy this statement here and let me paste it and change the index from 0 to 1. And let me also alias the column as item two. And let me execute this statement. As you can see, there are some records with more than one element. And we've got the second element here. And as you can see line number 13 We've got two items, a six and eight. The line number ten also has two elements, but as you can see, they are identical. That's a duplicate data. In a later lesson, I'll show you how to work with duplicates and how to remove duplicates from arrays as well. So that's another thing I wanted to show you later, but let's now look at working with the nested columns. Let's say we want to get one of the elements within the array. So within the array for example we've got item id and the name of the item category etc.. So I want to get the item ID of the first element within the array. So in order to do that you simply have to use the dot notation. Let me copy this statement and we can look at doing that. So as I said I want to get the item ID from the first element of the array. So in order to get that you simply use the dot notation, not the colon this time, and give the object name or the leaf node name. In this case it will be item ID. Let me also have the original value, so you can see the extracted value and the original value side by side. And let me execute this statement. As you can see here, we managed to get to the leaf node of the JSON object and get the value of that object. But as you look closely, the data type for the item id itself is being given as a string. But we may want to have that as an integer because it's an integer value. So let me show you how to cast the values for individual objects or individual columns. So to do that you again simply have to use the notation colon colon and you give the data type. So in this case we want to have that as integer. And let me execute this statement and I'll show you the data type of the item ID now is integer. So you can use other data types as well, but the notation here is colon colon. So we've seen three different notations. This is the first one which is a colon. To get to an extraction path and to get to a leaf node you'll have to use the dot notation. And to convert the data type or the cast the data type, you'll have to use that colon colon notation here. And as you can see here, Databricks offers the ability to work with JSON strings and extract the information that we need. But as I said before, this is not what we want to do when we're working with this kind of data, generally because it's not performant. And also we don't know how many items are in each order and how many occurrences we want to extract the data, etc., which makes everything a lot more complicated. So we need to fix the data issues. First. We have with this file and convert the JSON string to JSON object so that it's easier to work with. Let's look at doing that in the next lesson.