Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at transforming the orders data to convert the JSON strings into JSON objects. As we know our data has got some data quality issues. So first we'll look at pre-processing the JSON string to fix those data quality issues. We'll then look at transforming those JSON strings into JSON objects. And with the JSON objects, we'll create the tables in our SQL schema so that we can use that data in our downstream processing. Let's get started. So let me take you through the data quality issues that we got here. We talked about a couple of times. So let me show you that quickly. As you can see here, some of our order dates are missing the quotes around the date values. So we need to identify all of these occurrences and fix them. As you can see, the issue doesn't appear on every record. It appears in certain records. So we need to identify the pattern order date within quotes followed by a colon and then four digit numbers, followed by a hyphen, two digit number, followed by a hyphen followed by two digit number. We need to identify these patterns, and then we need to extract the date value here and enclose that in double quotes. And just write that data back. To do this we can use a regular expression functions. You're quite familiar with regular expressions now because we saw regular expression extract function previously. And there is another function called regexp replace. This function lets you identify a pattern and replace a value matching that pattern. So let me show you the function here. As you can see, the syntax is quite straightforward and it accepts a string. In our case that is our JSON string basically. And we can give it a regular expression matching pattern. And wherever it's identified the pattern, we can feed in a replacement string and it will replace that value. And you can also optionally give it a position to start your matching from. But in our case, we want to go through the entire string so we won't provide a position, but we will have to give the other three values. The matching pattern is the only tricky thing to do, but I'll take you through that now. Let's go over here. Let me copy this select statement and start making the changes. I'm going to select the value as it is, and also use the regular expression function to work on the value. So we can see the values side by side. So that will be regexp underscore replace. And we need to feed in the first value as the string that we want to work on, which is our value column. And now we need to provide a matching pattern. So I'm going to give the matching pattern. And then I'll talk you through that. So this is what we need. So as you can see here, I'm passing in the value as the string to the replace function here. And I'm giving this matching pattern. So as you can see here in the top. So we got the order date within double quotes. And we want to find the. So that's what I've done here. And I've given the colon as well. And there is a space between that and the date that follows. So let me find one where we got the problem. As you can see here, we got the colon and a space. And then we want to look for four digit numbers followed by the hyphen followed by two digit number and followed by a hyphen, and then a two digit number. And the double quotes here are basically escape characters, because they are there to escape the special characters. And the bracket here basically tells you this is the group I want to extract. So we want to extract wherever we've got a four digit number, followed by a hyphen, two digit number followed by a hyphen two digit number, and that has to be followed by the order date. As you can see here. So wherever we get this, uh, pattern, we are going to capture just the date, and we're going to give the replacement string here. As you can see here in the replacement string, we've given the order date in double quotes followed by the colon. That's what we want. But now we want to introduce a double quote around the date. The capturing group here is going to have the date without the double quote. But we're going to include the double quote here. So we've given the double quotes here. Uh and we've given dollar one here. Dollar one is basically representing the first captured group. We only have one captured group here. If you had multiple captured group, you can just give dollar one, dollar two, etc.. But in this case we only have one group. That group is going to have the value of 2025. Hyphen zero one, hyphen zero one in this case. And we're going to add the double quotes around that. And then we're going to write that data back. So that's what's going to happen here. And that'll appear in the fixed value. Let me execute this statement and you'll see the results. It didn't work as I expected. As you can see I've got blank values for order date. That's because I didn't escape the dollar here. Again, as I said, dollar is a special character, so I need to use the escape character here to escape that. And let me execute this statement and let's see the results again. As you can see here. Now the double quotes been added. So if you look closely on the second record, there are no double quotes around the 2020 501 19 value here. And if you scroll to the right you're going to see the double quotes. So the data that we wanted to fix has been fixed. Now this is a valid JSON record here. And now that we've got the valid JSON string here, let's look at transforming that JSON string into a JSON object. But before we do that, I'm going to simply create a temporary view here so that we don't have to repeat all of this regular expression again, and we can simply refer to the fixed value from our temporary view. So as you know we can use the syntax create or replace temp view and then the view name to create the temp view. Let me do that. And now that we've created the temporary view we're going to use that and transform the JSON string to a JSON object. Spark offers a function called from JSON to convert the JSON string to a JSON object. Let me show you that first. And as you can see here, this function takes in a JSON string, which we have in our case, and we need to provide a schema. The schema itself is slightly complicated. Let me show you that if there are any examples. As you can see at the bottom here, we need to provide the schema in the format of structs. In our case we've got a lot of objects and we've got arrays as well, so it can be quite laborious to provide or create the, uh, schema itself. But spark offers another function which can help us do that. Let me show you that function that is called schema of JSON. So if you have a JSON string, you can provide that JSON string to this function. And it will create the schema for you, or it will output the schema for you, which you can use in your from JSON function. So let me show you that. And as you can see here, it simply takes in a JSON string and it provides the JSON schema. So let me do that. First I'm going to simply select data from this view here. And we want to select the column fixed value because that contains the fixed value. And we need to wrap that column in the schema of JSON function. Let me do that. And let's also have the value selected as well. So you can see them side by side. And as you can see here, it's given us the strict we don't need the strict on every record. So let me just limit the data to one record because we just need that. We don't want to go through every record and create the schema. And that can be consuming a lot of compute. So always limit that to just one record. And this is the schema that we want to use. So now let's copy this schema. And we can paste it as the schema into the other function. So again let me copy this I'm going to leave all of the uh statements here. So when I give you the notebook you can look at whatever I've done here. And let me use the other function which is the from JSON function. And we want to give the fixed value as the first column which is our JSON string. But we need to provide the schema as well. So let me copy this schema and pass that in. And I'm going to call this as a JSON value. And we're selecting the original JSON string as well. So you can see them side by side. And as you can see here we've got the JSON value in JSON as a JSON object here with the struct or schematized basically. And we've got the JSON string as well. So now our data has been converted into a JSON. As you can see here we've got items as the array. And this one's got only one element. We can remove the limit class because we want to apply that to every record. So I'm going to simply create a table on top of that. And we can create the table in our silver schema. And people can use that. And as you know we can use the CTA statement for that. So I'm going to simply write the CTA statement here. And that will be create table if not exists. And we need to create the table table in our silver schema. So I'm going to specify the silver schema here. And let's call this table as orders underscore JSON because it's in JSON structure. And let me execute this statement. And let me also select the data from the table. Once it's once it's created. So we can see whether the data looks okay. And as you can see here we've created the table with the JSON object as well as the string. We really don't need the JSON string anymore so we just need the JSON object. So let me just take out the fixed value and just have one column which is our JSON value. And we can use that. Let me drop the table first. And we've got the table with the data that we need. And it's the it's the JSON object now. So it will be quite easier to work with this data than working with a JSON string. And also working with JSON object is quite performant. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.