Welcome back. Now that we managed to create a table with a JSON object. Let's take a look at how to access elements within the JSON object, and also how to work with arrays within the JSON. In terms of arrays, we want to look at how to deduplicate the data and also explore the arrays so that we can work with the data more effectively. Once we do that, we want to write that data to our silver table so that we can consume the data in our downstream processing. Let's start with accessing elements from the JSON object. As you can see within our JSON object we've got multiple elements and we want to access them. Let's say we want to get things like order ID. In order to do that you can simply refer to the column name, and you can use the dot notation to access the individual elements. Let me uh, write the select statement here. And I need the column name which is JSON value dot. If I wanted order id I would simply use order ID as the object name here and let me execute that statement. As you can see, I've got the order ID and let me extract all other information that we need as well. Items as we know is an array. So I'm going to get the entire array and we'll work with that later. So I'm going to simply use items here and let me execute this statement. And as you can see we've got all the columns or all the objects from our JSON as columns here. And we got a table with columns and rows. But the only thing we got an issue with is the array of items. So it's not easy to work with an array. So we're going to explore the array. But before we do that let's take a look at deduping the array. If you look at the order ID 29, I've set it up such a way that there are duplicate data within this array. As you can see, we've got the item ID seven duplicated here. In order to dedupe this data, spark offers a function called array distinct. Let me show you that function first. And as you can see, array distinct function simply takes in an array and it returns an array which doesn't have the duplicates or which has the duplicate values removed. That's exactly what we need. So let's apply that. I'm going to copy the select statement and apply the function. And let me execute that statement again. And let's go over to the record ten which has got the order ID 29. And let's go over to the right. And as you can see now we've got only one element within the array. And the duplicate record or duplicate occurrence has been removed from here. That's brilliant. But there are still other orders with multiple items, which is quite valid. So if you take the second record here with the order ID two, there are two items within this order. As you can see, we've got item ID four and seven being bought by this customer on this order. And we want to be able to make it easier to work with this data. At the moment, as it stands, it's quite difficult for someone to access this data and do any analysis on the data. So ideally we would want two records with the two items on each of those records so that we can work with the data easily, do any analysis of the data as well. In order to do that again, spark offers another function called explode. Let me show you that. As you can see here, explode basically takes in an array and explodes the information. I would encourage you to read through this, but let's see this in action so it will be easier to understand. Let me copy the information that we got here. and let's simply wrap the entire output of the array. Distinct function, which is another array in the explode function here. And now this is not items because we are exploring multiple records within the array into individual records. So it's just going to have one item in each record. So I'm going to simply rename that to item. And let's execute this statement. And let's again take a look at the order ID two. As you can see we already have two records here for order ID two. And if you scroll to the right and each of the record is going to have only one item, as you can see, the first records got the item ID four and the second ones got item ID seven. Now we can easily access this data and do any summaries, aggregations and things like that quite easily. Having said that, it's still not easier to work with because we've got a JSON object here rather than individual columns, we can simply extract all these elements into individual columns. But before we do that, let's create a temporary view here so that we don't have to repeat all of this code again. So I'm going to simply create a temporary view here. So I'm going to call this as create or replace temp view. And I'm going to call the view. As orders underscore exploded or TV orders underscore exploded. Let's do that. And let's now work on this view. And as I said before we want to extract individual elements from the items JSON object here. So I'm going to list all the columns. And we'll also access the elements from the JSON object here as well. For the JSON object item itself, we want to get the individual elements which are things like item ID, item name, price, quantity, category and all of that kind of things. So let's do that. So let's start with the item ID and I'm using the dot notation here. It will be item dot item ID. So you go up to category. But we have got other objects here within another structure. So we've got a nested structure here. So we got the detail struct which contains two more objects called brand and color. Again we can use the dot notation. But we need to just drill into each of the structs. So we are starting with item. And we need to go into detail. So it will be items dot details dot. And then we can use the brand and color. So let's do it. Do brand first and then we'll do the color. So that should give us everything if I haven't made any mistakes. So let me execute this statement. And as you can see we've got the information that we needed. So let me quickly scroll down and show you the data. And as you can see here, we've got the item ID, name, price, quantity, category, etc. and let me quickly scroll to the left to make sure everything is okay. So we've got all the columns that we needed. The last thing we want to do is to simply create the silver table. As we've done it many times now, we simply have to use the CTAs statement. So that will be create table if not exists as and then the select statement. And I've kept the table name as orders here because that's the final output from the silver layer. And let me simply execute that statement. And I'll also select the data to ensure everything looks okay. And as you can see, everything looks as we expected. And now that we've explored the array into individual records, it will be quite easy for us to do any aggregations or any kind of analysis on this data. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.