Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at joining more than one table to create a resulting table. There are different types of joins you can do using spark. But we're going to look at the basic type join called inner join. The certification exam expects you to understand joins only at a higher level. So this should be more than sufficient for the exam. Let's say we want to join the tables, customers and addresses to create a new table that contains all the customers and their addresses. We can do this using the inner join between the tables, customers and addresses. Before we start writing the joins, let's take a look at the data first. As you can see here, this is the data from the customers table. It's got a number of columns. But customer ID here is the primary key. And all other data hangs off that customer ID. So we can use that customer ID to join to the addresses table. Again as you can see here on the addresses table, we've got the customer ID that you can join between the customers and the address tables. But the customers table, as you remember, has got two sets of addresses. One is the shipping address and the other one is billing address. But if you remember from our transformation lessons previously, we used the pivot function to pivot both the addresses into a single line. So we only have one record per customer containing both the shipping and the billing addresses, as you can see here. So the join here will be quite straightforward. We simply have to use the customer ID on both of the tables to join the data and bring all the columns that we are interested in. Let's write that join condition here now. So I'm going to select the data from the customers table in our silver layer. So I'm going to alias that as C. And let's use the join keyword. To do an inner join you simply have to use the join keyword. Inner is implicit. But if you're using outer joins you will be explicitly writing out a keyword as well. But for inner joins, you don't really have to. But if you wanted to, you can simply use the keyword inner here. It doesn't really make any difference, but I'll put inner here so that it's a bit more obvious. And let's use the addresses table. So as you can see, the silver addresses table is the one which we are interested in. And we need the condition to join the two tables that goes in the on clause. And in the on clause. We've stated the keys that you can use to join the two tables, which is the customer ID. So now we're saying c dot customer ID which is customers dot customer ID equals a dot customer ID, which is the addresses dot customer ID. Now we simply have to list the columns that we are interested in. We really don't need all the columns. If you look at your data, you're going to have some columns which we are probably not interested in, which is things like created timestamp, because both tables may have a created timestamp which is not required, but let's just pull the information that we need. So I've listed all the columns I'm interested in, so the only columns I've removed are the created timestamp from the customers table and the customer ID. I'm going to bring it from one of the tables because both tables have got customer ID we don't really need that. And as you can see here, I've taken the customer ID from the customers table, not the addresses table. We don't want the same column twice. So let's execute this statement here. And as you can see here we've got the data that we needed. We've got each of the customers. Alongside that we've also got the addresses of each of the customers here. So that's the shipping address. And we'll also have the billing address. So when the business intelligence users or someone who is using the data downstream can simply look at one table here and get all the information that we needed, let's say we want to create this table in our gold layer. I'm going to use again the CTAs statement which will be create table if not exist as. And we're going to create this table under the gold layer. So I'm going to simply replace the schema name here as gold. And let's call it as customer address. And let's use the as keyword here because it's a CTAs statement. And if I execute it, the table will be created in the gold layer. And let me also run the select statement to ensure that the data is as expected. And that looks fine. We've got 50 records because we got 50 customers with their corresponding addresses here. So that's brilliant. So as you can see, you can use the join keywords to join two tables. In this case we use the simple inner join here. But if you wanted to use outer join you simply have to give the keyword outer join here. And the syntax is Ansi standard. So if you've learned to write SQL on any of the databases or standard databases, you would have used this syntax. And that's exactly what spark uses as well. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.