Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to look at some of the aggregate functions offered by spark to summarize the data and create a resulting table. From that. Spark offers a huge number of aggregate functions, but the certification exam only tests your ability to understand them at a higher level and apply them. So we'll just look at a couple of functions here. Let's say our requirement is to work on the orders data to produce some summaries. And the exact requirement is that for each of the customer produce the following summary per month. So the aggregation we are looking at here is based on the customer and the month of the transaction. And we want to get these summaries that will be total orders, total items bought and total amount spent. So that means for each month or each transaction month and customer we want to get the total orders, total items bought and total amount spent. That's what we need to do. And let me scroll down. And if you look at the orders table, please be careful that the data is at two levels. So there are some order IDs you will see as duplicates. They are not actually duplicates. If you remember, we exported our items. This order had two items. That's why we got two records. If you scroll to the right, you will see that there are two different items. This customer on this order bought the item ID is four and seven. That's why you got this information. But if you add the total amount here that will be incorrect. For this order. The order number two, the total amount was only 985, not double of that. So please be careful. Careful of that one. But in this case, you can simply use the price here and the quantity to calculate the total amount being spent. So that will be two times 299 and three times 129. If you add them up, that will give you the total amount spent rather than looking at the total amount from this column here. So that's what we're going to do. Let me scroll down and start writing the SQL, and you will understand what I mean by that. As we discussed the first thing we want is month, so we want the transaction month. As you can see, we got the transaction timestamp. But if you remember from previous lessons we can use a function called date format. And that will let us extract the transaction month. So let me use that function. So that will be transaction sorry date format. And the first parameter to that function is transaction timestamp. And that's what we want to use. And we want to get just the month. In our previous lesson we extracted the date from a timestamp. So we use the format yy hyphen rd hyphen mhm. But in this case we just want the year and the month. So let me use y y y y. So that is to get the year. And let's use uppercase M. That will give me the month as well. So let me call this as transaction month or order month. That will be probably more appropriate. And let me execute it and show you the result so you'll know what I'm talking about. As you can see, we've got the order month as 2020 501 in this case And the next column we want is customer ID, because our requirement is to get the summaries based on the customer and the order month. So let me use the customer ID here. And now we need to produce three different summaries. The first summary here is to get the total number of orders. So as you can see here we've got the order IDs. And if we count the order IDs we will find the total number of orders. But as I said there is duplicate information. So there is there are two records with the order ID of two. So when we do the count, we need to only count distinct order IDs. So we can use the function count. But we need to ensure that we are using the distinct keyword. And we need to use the column order ID to get the total number of orders. And the next aggregation we've been asked to do is to find the total number of items bought. And as we said, this table has one record per each of the item being bought. Let's take the order ID two as the example. Again. If you scroll to the right, as we said, the customer bought item ID four and seven. But if you look closely, the customer bought two of the item IDs four and three of the item ID seven. So in total they bought five items, not two. So it's five items. So we need to really use the quantity column to summarize our data. If you simply did a count, that will be incorrect because the count will only give you two, whereas actually the customer really bought five items. So instead, if we use the sum function on the quantity, we're going to get the result as five in this case. So let me go down and let me write that. So it will be simply sum of. And we want to use the quantity column. And let's alias that as total items bought. And let's look at the last requirement. So if we go up again total amount spent is what we've been asked to calculate. As I said, we got a total amount field here. But let's not use that, because we might double up in cases where we got more than one item being sold. Instead, let's use the fields here on the right, which is the price and the quantity. So if you simply multiply the quantity by price, you're going to get the total amount on this item. And then if you multiply the quantity by price here you will get the total amount on this item. And if you add them up you're going to get the information that you need. So we simply have to multiply price by quantity. And also we need to summarize the two records here to get the total amount. Let me show you how to do that. So as I said we need to multiply the price by quantity. But that's not going to give you the total amount. So we need to summarize the column as well. So let me do quantity again. And let me use the sum function to add the two records or as many records we got there. So it will be sum of price times quantity as. And I'm going to alias that as total amount. And that's everything we need for this summary. But we need to aggregate the data based on the order month and the customer ID. So let's use the group by columns as order ID sorry order month and customer ID order month comma customer ID. So that's everything we need. If I did everything right with the query should run okay. So let me run this query. And as you can see here for each of the order months and the customer ID, we've got the total number of orders and the total items bought and the total amount being spent. Let's take one of the examples from here and validate to ensure that the aggregation has happened as we expected. And let's take the customer ID 5816 for the October 2020 for order month. We should see the total number of orders as two and the items bought as four, and the amount as one, two, nine, six. Let me simply copy the customer ID and let's run the query there. And as you can see here, the customer made three orders one in December and two in October. And that's what we are seeing here if I go here. Yeah, as you can see, we've got total number of orders is two. And the total amount is the summation of these two values, which is one, two, nine, six which is brilliant. And we should see the total items bought as four as well. So if I scroll to the right, as you can see here, in the last order, he bought three items and the one before he bought one. So the total number is four. So that's why we are seeing four here as well. So the summary is worked as we expected. Let's now create a table to contain this data. So again I'm going to use the create table as syntax. So I've called the table as order monthly summary. And let me execute that statement. And I'm simply going to select the data to ensure that the data is as expected as well. And we've got the data as expected. And as you can see we've taken all our data all the way from our bronze layer to the gold layer. Let me open up the catalog and show you how all the tables look. And if I go to my catalog, as you can see, we've got a number of views and a table under the bronze schema. And we've got the silver schema with all the transformed data, and we've got all our aggregates under the gold schema. So it's quite neatly organized here. And based on your requirements in your project, you should simply try and do something similar to this. As I said before, there are no strict rules around how many layers you can have and what kind of data you should have in each of the layers. And the only advice I would give is before you start any project, discuss with your team. Come up with a set of principles and the number of layers and define each layer and stick to the definitions you come up with upfront in the project, so that your schemas will be organized and the project will be manageable. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.