Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at user defined functions in spark. So far we have been using built in functions which are already made available in spark for us to be able to handle simple transformations and aggregations. But they don't really understand your business logic. And you may want to create functions which are specific to handle your business scenarios. And that's where user defined functions come in. User defined functions, also referred to as UDFs or custom functions created by users to extend the capabilities of spark, SQL and PySpark. They allow you to perform complex calculations and transformations to apply business logic, which is not usually possible with the out of the box built in functions. Similar to a table or a view in Databricks, functions are also permanent objects created in the unity catalog Metastore or the hive Metastore. So you define them once and it's stored in the metastore and you use it across all your queries from then onwards. Spark lets you define user defined functions using both SQL and Python. Having said that, Databricks recommends writing them in SQL over Python. This is mainly due to the better optimization offered by the spark execution engine. So let's write them in SQL two in this lesson. This is the syntax for the user defined function. It starts with a keywords create or replace function. And that's followed by the name of the function. As I said a function is stored in a unity catalog Metastore or the hive Metastore. So it's better to specify the catalog name and the schema name. If you don't specify the catalog name and the schema name, they'll be created under the default catalog and the default schema, which you don't want to do that in production scenarios. So I would encourage you to qualify your functions with the three level namespace. And that's followed by the parameters you want to pass into the function, you need to specify the name of the parameter and the data type. You can have more than one parameter here, and that's followed by the returns keyword and the data type of the value that's being returned. And that's followed by the return keyword. And you specify the expression here. This is where you write your business logic. And based on that expression, the value is returned. And the returned value has to match the data type specified here. And the function returns the value back to the user. It is as simple as this, but let me demonstrate it with a simple example first, and then I'll also show you a scenario within our project where we could use a user defined function to make the code a lot simpler. So let's start with an example. In this example, let's say we want to write a function which takes in a first name and the surname of an individual, and it needs to concatenate the two named parts into a single name and returns the full name back to us. And let's write a function for that. And as we discussed, it starts with a keyword create or replace function. And we need to have the name of the function. Let's say I want to call the function as get full name. But as I said it's better to qualify the function with a three level namespace, otherwise it will be created in the default database or the schema. So I'm going to place the function in our gizmo box. Sorry catalog. Let's do that. And let's place the function in the default schema itself. So as I said we need to pass in the parameters with the name and the data type. And we've got two parameters here. The first one is first name and the other one is surname. So let's pass both of them in. And both parameters are with data type string. And now we need to use the returns keyword and followed that with the data type of the returned value. In our case, we're going to send back, or we are going to return the full name, which is again going to be a string. So it's returns a string. And then you follow that with the return keyword. And this is where you specify the expression. In our case we want to concatenate the first name and the surname. And let's also say actually we want to make the first name and the surname as Titlecase. So you make everything in lowercase, you want to make them into titlecase. And for that spark offers another function called init cap. So we can use that. So the first function we want to use is concat because that's going to concatenate the two values. And we can use the init cap function and pass in the first name to that first. And we want to concatenate the two values with a space. So I'm going to give a space here. And then we want to pass in the surname as well. So again we're going to use the unit cap function to make the surname title case. And we need to close the bracket here for the concatenate function. So as you can see here we are concatenating the first name and the surname with the space between them. And we are also making the two names as title case as well. That's all we need to do in order to create the function. Let me execute this and show you that the function is now created, and you can reference the function similar to a built in function. So let's use a select statement here. And then this is the name of the function. And we want to pass in the parameters. So let's say I want to give a first name as John and the surname as let's say Smith. And as you can see here, I've given everything in lowercase. And if I invoke this function or execute this statement, I should get the full name back. And as you can see, I've got the full name here. And we simply call the function. And we executed this expression here and we got the result that we needed, which is brilliant. And as you can see here, by writing a function to wrap your business logic, you can simplify the code everywhere else. And as I said, you can see the function in your unity catalog Metastore or hive Metastore. So similar to a table you can simply describe the function if you wanted. So I'm going to do describe extended but it's a function. So I need to specify function here. So it will be the describe function extended and then the name of the function. And let me execute that. And as you can see we've got the function described. So that's the function name. And it takes in two parameters and all of that. And you can even see the code here. So let me go here. And as you can see this is the body of the function which concatenates the first name and the surname. And you can see that in your catalog Explorer as well. So let me open up the Catalog Explorer. And we created the function under the gizmo box catalog under the default schema. And as you can see, the function exists here. And again similar to what we saw in the SQL statement describe extended, you will be able to see the definition of the function and the parameters and everything. And also because we are using unity catalog here, you can restrict access to this function using grants and revokes as well. And let me now go back to our notebook. And now let's say we want to look at a scenario where we can write a function. I think in our transform payments data we had a case statement. Let me scroll down. And as you can see here, we've got a bit of business logic, which is saying that if the payment status is one, that means it's success, two that means it's pending, etc. it's a simple business logic, but you may have complex business logic in your projects. Let's say we want to wrap that into a function. You can simply take that case statement and add it to a function. So let me go back to our notebook and let me quickly show you that I'm going to paste this code first. We won't execute it, but we're going to create a function. So let me copy the logic from here. And let's say I want to create a function called Get payment status. And then I'll pass in the numeric value and get the textual value. And this is only taking one parameter. And the parameter is basically payment status. And the value is an integer. And it's going to return again a string. But now this time instead of the concat function we're going to have this case statement. So let me copy that. And as you can see here it's going to take in the payment status and translate the numeric values into textual values. And then it's going to return that string here. So that should work okay. So let me execute that. And the function is now created. And now you can use that function in your select statements here. So to that function we are going to pass in payment status. And it returns the textual value of the payment status. So let me execute this statement. And we should get all the payment statuses translated into the textual strings here. So let me take a look. And as you can see here our payment statuses are basically descriptions rather than the numeric values. So this is a simple example again. But if you have a complex logic the functions really come in handy. You can just wrap your business logic into a function, and then you can reference it wherever you want. And that simplifies all your ETL code further down. So I hope now you have a good understanding about user defined functions. And as I said, spark offers the ability to write the functions in both Python and SQL. But SQL is recommended mainly because of the optimization it offers. So please write your functions in SQL rather than Python. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.