Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to look at higher order functions. Higher order functions are basically functions that operate on complex data types such as arrays and maps. And they let you pass another function as an argument, for example, a lambda expression using which you can apply transformations to each item in the array or a map. And you can also return arrays or maps. So they're extremely useful for manipulating arrays without exploding them. So basically higher order functions gives us the ability to work directly on arrays and maps without exploding or transforming them first. Spark offers a number of higher order functions, and these are the most commonly used higher order functions that you can use to work with arrays. We'll take a look at maps shortly, but before that let's focus on these functions which are transform, filter, exist, and aggregate. I'm going to take you through an example for each one of them. But before that, let's take a look at the syntax for writing a higher order function. So the syntax is like this. So you got the function name which can be transform, filter exist, aggregate etc. and to which you pass in the array as the first parameter. And as we said to higher order functions you can pass in another function. So if you're passing in a lambda expression here, if you're not familiar with lambda functions or lambda expressions, they're basically a short anonymous function, basically an unnamed function that you can use to apply a specific transformation on each element of the array or the map. So you simply state the expression to be applied to each element in the array using the format here. So that will be element. And then you've got the arrow and the expression. Basically the expression you state here will be applied to each element within the array. It's quite simple to write. I'll show you an example shortly. But before that let's set up some data so that we can work with simple data to understand the functions better. So I'm creating a temporary view here called order underscore items. And we're going to have two columns order ID and items. As you can see. Order ID is a simple integer but the items is an array. So let me create this temporary view and let me select the data as well. And as you can see here we've got the three records with the order IDs 123. And we've got an array in the items column. And the size of the first array is three with smartphone, laptop monitor etc.. Let's say we want to use a higher order function to transform this items array to make all of the item names uppercase. So we can use the transform function for that. And let me show you how to write that. As we saw earlier. So you write the higher order function with the function name first. In this case it's transform. And the function accepts two parameters the array column itself. In our case it's items. And we need to provide a lambda function. Let me write the lambda function first and I'll explain that. As we saw earlier, the syntax for a lambda function is like this. So you've got the element and then the arrow and the expression. In our case the items array is going to have multiple elements in there or multiple items in that. And we're going to represent that with the letter x. So x is just a placeholder. It can be you can use for example item or y is whatever you want to use. And we use the arrow and we give the expression itself. In our case the expression is upper x. So basically we're going to go through the items array. Pick each of the item. And we're going to apply the upper function to each of the items in the array. And we're going to return the array back. So in this case we're not exploding the array. We're simply going to work with the array and return another array back. And I'm going to call that column name as upper items. Let me execute this statement. As you can see, each of the items within the array have got the values in uppercase. Let's now move on to the filter function. Let's say I want to filter only items that contains the string smart. If you look at the data, the first order has the smart phone which contains the string smart, and then the second order has the smart watch, which contains the string smart. But the third order doesn't have any items with the string smart. So I want the smartphone smart. Watch for the third order. I want to get an empty array. For that we can use the filter function. Let me copy this select statement and make the changes. So it's very similar to the transform function we pass in the items array. And we need to write a lambda expression here. So we go through each element or each item within the items array. And we want to check to see whether the item name contains the string smart. So you can use x like like is the expression in SQL. You'll be familiar with that. And we can simply say I want to search for smart. Okay. That should give me what I want. Let me execute this statement. And as you can see here for the first order, we've got only the item smart phone for the second record or the second order. We got the smart watch and the third one has got an empty array. Exist again is similar to the filter function, but it gives you a value of true or false if the condition is satisfied. So let's say I want to see whether the order includes any items with the name monitor. If you go back and look at the data, as you can see here, for the first order, we've got monitor within the items. And for the second order we don't have any monitors. And the third order doesn't have any monitors as well. So I want to get the value true for the first order, false for the other two orders. Again, let me write the higher order function here. And it's quite simple. We need to write the exist function here. And that takes in items array. And we need to write the lambda expression here. But this time we're just simply checking to see whether the item name contains monitor. And as you can see the first order has the value true and the other two have the values false. And it's a simple lambda expression here. So far we have been working with arrays, which contains only one object within them. But let's now look at a couple of objects. So I'm going to set up some more data here. Again I'm going to replace the Orderitems temporary view that we created, but this time I'm going to have an array with two objects, which are the item name and the price of the item. So as you can see here, we've got the same data, but we've added the price for each of the items as well. And with this I'll demonstrate how to use the aggregate higher order function as well. Because aggregate works on numerical values as you can imagine. And we've got the price of the items and we can apply the aggregate function on those. And let me create this temporary view and let me select the data as well. So you can see as you can see here we've got the items array with the three occurrences. And each one of them have got the name and the price. Let's say we want to convert all the item names in this array to be uppercase, and also add 10% tax to each of the item prices. For that, we can use the transform function. I'm going to take you through the transform function one more time before we look at the aggregate function. That's because a couple of things you need to understand when you're working with named objects in an array like this. So let me write the SQL statement for that. As we said, we can use the transform higher order function for that. And similar to what we did before it takes in the array. But this is where the difference is. So we need to give the lambda expression. But the lambda expression needs to return a named struct. We got an array with a named struct. Here we got the names, name and price and then the values are against each one of them. So in order to return a named struct, we can use another function called named struct. And to which you're going to provide the expression that we need. Basically the name struct is going to return the name and the price. So let me give the name and we're going to give the expression which is upper and we need to give the element name. So that is x dot name because here we've got the item from the array is x. That's what that's how we represent it. And that's got an object called name. So we can represent that using x dot name. And also we need to give the price here. And the expression is x dot price times 1.1. That's because we are adding 10% tax. And let's also rounded to two decimal places. So let me explain this one more time. As you can see here, transform function takes in the array column items. And we're going to go through each item that's represented with the letter x. And we are going to work on the name and convert that to upper. And we're going to name the object as name again. And we're going to multiply the price by 1.1. That's because we're adding 10% tax and rounding the value to two decimal places, and we're going to name the result as price. And we're going to return the named struct. And that's going to be your array basically. So let me execute this statement. And as you can see here we've got the array with the three items here. And the name of the item is in uppercase. And we've increased the price of the item uh by multiplying by adding 10% to it. So as you can see here, the item price was 699. And now that is 768.90. That's brilliant. Let's now move on to the aggregate function. Let's say we want to calculate the total order amount for each of the orders. For example, if we take the order ID one it's got three items which are smartphone, laptop and the monitor. And we want to add the price of each of those items and output one value. For that we can use the aggregate function. So let me write that. Similar to the other functions, you pass in the items array column as the first parameter, but it takes an additional parameter. We need to provide the starting value or the initial value of the accumulator. The aggregator is going to use, which is going to be zero. And let me write the lambda function, and then I'll explain that. As you can see here, the lambda function looks slightly different. I've got an accumulator. It's got two parameters. So I've got an accumulator and the item itself. And what we're doing is actually the accumulator is going to have the running total within each of the items in the array. And it's going to add the price of each of the items to the accumulator. And that's what is going to be returned. So basically if we go over again. So the accumulator is initialized with the initial value you've given here, which is zero, and it's going to look at the price of each of the items and simply add that to the accumulator and at the end of the array, or when it hits the last item, it's going to return the total price, which is going to be the total order price. So let me execute this statement. I've got an error. That's because I've spelt aggregate incorrect. So let me simply accept and run. And as you can see here for the order ID one we've got the value 2297. And for order ID three we've got 148. If we go up we will be able to see the item prices. As you can see for the order ID three, the item prices are 89 and 59. If you add them up, you're going to get the value that you've got here, which is 148. And these are the higher order functions I wanted to teach you, which you can use to work with arrays. In the next lesson I will go through the map functions. I'll see you then.