Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to go through the higher order functions that you can use to work with maps. If you're not familiar with maps, a map is a collection of key value pairs like a dictionary. As you can see in this example, we've got two key value pairs. The first one is laptop and the price of the laptop, and the second one is phone and the price of the phone. So here the key is laptop and phone and the price sorry. And the value is the price which is 1200 and 699. You can have as many key value pairs as you like within a map. And the most commonly used higher order map functions are transform values, transform keys, and the map filter. Basically, transform values helps you transform the value of the map, and the transform keys helps you transform the value of the keys within the key value pair in a map. And the map filter basically lets you filter data from a map. And the syntax is very similar to the higher order function that we saw in the last lesson for a Array. It starts with the function name, which can be transform values, transform keys, etc. and you pass in the map column and the lambda expression and the lambda expression takes a slightly different shape. Here you pass in through two parameters the key and the value, which are from the map, and then you write the expression to work on the key value pair. Let's set up some data so that we can work with that. So I'm going to create a table called order item prices. And that's going to have the map uh in the item prices. So as you can see here we've got three key value pairs here. And the first one has got the key as smartphone and the value of 699. The second one has got laptop 1199 etc.. And we're going to work on those items or item prices. So let's say we want to convert all the item names to be uppercase. As you can see here in this data item names are keys and the prices are values. So we're going to work on the keys. So for which we can use the transform keys function. So let me write that. And we need to pass in the map as the first parameter, which is item prices. And we need to write the lambda expression. So you can give key and the value. So you can use like letters kV if you wanted. But I'm going to give the names which are item and price. And we need the arrow for the lambda expression. And we need to give the expression here. In this case we're going to simply convert the keys to be uppercase. So I'm going to simply say upper. And within that our key is basically item. And that should convert the items to be uppercase and leave the prices as they are. So let me execute this statement again. I've misspelled the transform here. So let me simply accept and run. And as you can see here, all the keys have been converted into uppercase. And the values are as they were before. That's brilliant. Let's now work on the transform values function. Let's say we want to apply 10% tax to each of the item prices. You can use the transform values function for that because the item prices are basically values within our map. So let me again copy this select statement and make the changes. So here we're going to multiply the price by 1.10 because we are applying 10% tax. But like we did last time in the last lesson let's also round the value to be two decimal places. And as you can see here we've applied 10% tax. If you take the price of the keyboard here, which is $89 and now is 97.90, because we've applied 10% tax on that. So that's brilliant. And let's now move on to the third function, which is the map filter function. Let's say we want to filter only items with prices above 500. So we only want to find the premium items. If you look at the data here we got only a few items, for example the smartphone and the laptop in the first order and the tablet tabla in the second order have got prices higher than $500. So our output should only contain those items and the others shouldn't be there. So let me write the SQL statement here. And we need to simply write the condition using which we're going to filter the data. In our case it's really simple. The value from the key value pair has to be greater than 500. So the value I've called that as price here. So I'm going to simply say price greater than 500. And that should give me only the premium items. And as you can see here we've got the order ID one with the smartphone and the laptop and the order ID two with the tablet, and there are no items in the order ID three, and we've got an empty map there. So again, as you can see, it's really useful. The higher order functions lets you work on the maps and the arrays without really exploding or transforming them. And I hope you now have a good understanding about higher order functions. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.