So a few extra lectures on Amazon ECR. So the first round is around lifecycle policy. So it's possible for you to automatically remove old or unused images based on age or count of them in a repository. So here is an example of a lifecycle policy where we expire untagged images older than 14 days. So anything older than 14 days is going to be removed. Also, we can, for example, have a rule to only keep only one untagged image and expire all others. So each lifecycle policy may contain one or more rules. And in each of the right hand side, they only have one rule, but it's possible for you to combine them, and all the rules are going to be evaluated at the same time and then applied based on priority. So there's a rule priority for the set of rules you have. Now, once an image is flagged as being in the rule, meaning that is going to be expired, then the image will be expired within 24 hours of them meeting the criteria. The reason why you would use lifecycle policies is of course to help you reduce unnecessary storage costs. For example, if you keep on updating your images in Amazon ECR, then it's a good idea to expire old ones. ECR also has another advantage, which is to create uniform pipeline for your deployments. So say for example, that your code is in CodeCommit, and it could be in Python, Ruby, Node.js, or whatever language you want. And because we have different languages, we may have different deployment concerns. But it turns out that if you try to streamline your pipeline, your build pipeline, so that you have Codebuild build Docker images, of course with specific instructions for the original language, but at the end of it, the Docker images are standard from a deployment perspective. And so these images can be pushed into Amazon ECR, and in Amazon ECR, we don't care if this image was built using Python, Ruby or not, or whatever, what's inside. All we know is that there are containers, and the containers should be deployed, and so they can be deployed on ECS or Fargate the same way. And so that's the idea. Thanks to Amazon ECR, we have from that point forward a way to uniformly deploy all our containers onto ECS and Fargate. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.