So let's talk about a few more concepts for your load balancers. The first one is the DualStack Networking. So this allows clients to communicate with your load balancer using either the IPv4 protocol or the IPv6 protocol. And this works for your application load balancer and your network load balancer. So let's consider a VPC that has an IPv6 sider in it, so it's enabled for IPv6, and we have public subnets that do have IPv6. So we get an internet facing ELB and this ELB is going to be accessible using three URLs. The first one is your IPv4. This is the blue one; we've seen it before. The second one is for your IPv6 so your clients with IPv6 can access it. And then the last one is DualStack. And DualStack means if we give the same URL to an IPv6 and an IPv4 client, the DualStack will resolve to the proper IP, so either the IPv6 or IPv4. So bottom line is, if you don't know what versions your clients are going to be using in terms of IP protocol, you can just give them the DualStack URL and automatically, the correct protocol is going to be used. Now, behind the scenes, your target groups can be supporting IPv4 and IPv6, but you cannot mix them together. You need to have two separate target groups for that. And then the ELB will ensure compatibility between the client IP version and the target IP version. So that means that your IPv4 request can go into IPv4 target groups and IPv6 requests will go into your IPv6 targets. But in case you do not have any IPv6 targets, you only have IPv4, you can still enable DualStack. And what's going to happen is the ELB is automatically going to convert the request from IPv6 to IPv4 internally. So that means that your EC2 instances, if they're only issuing IPv4, they are still going to work properly and the ELB is going to be the thing doing the translation. Finally, just like any networking for your load balancer, just a reminder, you must enable an availability zone in your load balancer before the traffic is being sent to that availability zone in your backend instances. Also, let's talk about PrivateLink Integration for your network load balancer. So in case we have a service consumer VPC and a service provider VPC and they have overlapping IP addresses, then we cannot pair them together. So let's say we have an application in the service provider and an application in the service consumer. The way to manage communication between these two is to expose the service with a network load balancer in the service provider VPC and then you would create a PrivateLink. This will create a VPC interface and point into the service consumer VPC. And communication can be done this way, internally, on the network of AWS. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.