So let's quickly do a little check on what is Multi AZ in AWS. So there's some services where you want to use multiple availability zones for high availability purposes, for example, EFS, ELB, ASG, Beanstalk, where you choose which AZs you want to be deployed in. RDS and ElastiCache have a multi-AZ feature, but this time it's not to distribute the service across multiple AZ and serve it from multiple AZ. It's instead to have a synchronous standby database that is going to be very helpful in case you have failovers. For Aurora, the data is automatically stored across multiple AZ by default, nothing to do, but your Aurora instances themselves must be, by yourself, spread out across multiple AZ to have the multi-AZ feature. For OpenSearch, you have a managed cluster. You can have it across multiple AZ in a multi-master setting, so that means that you can accept queries into different AZs. And if you use Jenkins, for example, self-deployed, again, you have multi master, but you need to make sure you deploy across multiple AZ. In some services in AWS, a multi-AZ is always there, for example, if you use Amazon S3, except the OneZone-Infrequent Access tier, then you'll have multiple AZ. DynamoDB is across multiple AZ, for example, or really all of the AWS proprietary services, managed services, are usually multiple AZ. So if we look at a three-tier architecture in a multiple AZ setting, so we have one public subnet, one private subnet for our application tier, and one private subnet for our data tier. The ALB, the low balancer, is going to be spread across multiple subnets in your VPC on multiple AZ. So the requests are going to be spread out across multiple AZ. Then your target group also can extend across multiple availability zones, and your ALB will send traffic to your target group, so either on the same AZ to save some network costs, or if you've enabled cross-zone load balancing, then it's possible for your request to go across availability zones. Finally, your RDS database, for example, is multi-AZ, but this time we have one main instance and then a standby instance, which is going to be synchronously replicated. And so, any application request in your database are going to go into your main instance. So that's it for multi-AZ. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.