-: We will now discuss about additional deployment strategies. Earlier, we had discussed about two deployment strategies. The recreate strategy is where a newer version is deployed by first destroying all of the existing versions, and then creating newer versions of application instances. Now, the problem with this approach is that during the period after the older versions are down and before any newer version is up, the application is down and inaccessible to users. The second is the rolling update strategy where we do not destroy all of them at once. Instead, we take down the older version and bring up a newer version one by one. This way the application never goes down and the upgrade is seamless. Now, rolling update is the default deployment strategy. Now, there are a couple of other strategies as well, which are not really strategies that you can specify as an option in the deployment, but they can be implemented in a different way. So let's look at those. So they are blue-green and canary updates. Blue-green is a deployment strategy where we have the new version deployed alongside the old version. So the old version is called blue, and the new version is called green, and 100% of the traffic is still routed to the old version. So at this point in time, tests are run on the new version. And once all tests are passed, we switch traffic to the new version all at once. So that's the blue-green deployment strategy. Now these strategies are best implemented with service measures like Istio. So we discuss this in detail in our course on service mesh with Istio. So check that out. For now, we will look at how to implement these strategies using just native Kubernetes primitives of deployments and services. So here's how it works. First, we have the original version of our application deployed as a service. We will call it the blue deployment. Then we create a service to route traffic to it. Now, to associate the service to the pods in the deployment, we set a label on the pods, let's call it version set to v1. We use the same label as selector on the service. We then deploy a second deployment. Let's call it green with a new version of the application. Once all tests are passed, we route traffic from the service to the green deployment by switching the label selector on the service. So for the new deployment, we set a label version to v2. So now that we have set the label version to v2 to the pods on the new deployment, all we need to do is switch the labels specified under the selector of the service to v2 as well. And then the service switches traffic to the pods in the green deployment. So let's see this with some code examples. So first we have a deployment called myapp with let's say five replicas of version v1 of our application. And we have a service that exposes the application to the users. So currently all traffic to the service is directed to version v1 of our application. For this, the service uses the labels set on the pod template which is version set to v1. With a blue-green strategy, our goal is to deploy the newer version first and then route traffic there. So for that, we deploy the newer version, and then we call that green as a new separate deployment. So we will name it myapp-green, and notice the image name now has changed to a new version, version 2.0. Also note that the label version is now said to v2. So now we have the green version of the application ready. However, there is no traffic being routed to it yet. We can perform all the tests that we want to make sure everything is working as expected. And once done, to switch traffic to the green version, we simply change the label on the service selector to v2. And now all traffic will be routed to pods within the label version set to v2. So that's how a blue-green deployment strategy is implemented on Kubernetes.