-: Let's now look at canary updates in Kubernetes. In this strategy, we deploy the new version and route only a small percentage of traffic to it. So the majority of traffic is being routed to the older version, but we have a small percentage routed to the new version. At this point, we run tests, and if everything looks good, we upgrade the original deployment with the newer version of the application. Say that could be done with a rolling upgrade strategy, for example, and then we get rid of the canary deployment. So let's look at how to implement these strategies using native Kubernetes primitives of deployments and services. So here's how it works. So first, we have the original version of our application deployed as a deployment. We will call it the primary deployment. As you can see, it has five pods. Then we create a service to route traffic to it. Now, to associate the service to the pods in the deployment, so we set a label on the pods. We called it version, which is set to V1. We then deploy a second deployment. Let's call it Canary with the new version of the application. Now, as of now, all traffic is going to version one. With canary deployment, we want to achieve two things. We want the traffic to go to both versions at the same time. However, we only want to route a small percentage of traffic to version two, so how do we do that? Let's try to solve each one of these problems one by one. So let's first see how we can route traffic from a single service to the pods in both the deployments at the same time? For this, we create a common label. Let's call it App, which is set to front end, and we update the selector label in the service to match this common label. So that solves the first problem. We now have traffic going to both the versions of applications, but it's routing it equally. That's 50% to each deployment. So how do we reduce the traffic to the canary deployment? We only want a small percentage of traffic to go to the canary deployment. We can do that by simply reducing the number of pods in the canary deployment to the minimum possible, in this case one. So since a service distributes traffic between all pods equally, together, the pods in the primary deployment gets 83% of traffic, and the single pod in the canary deployment gets 17% of traffic. Now, once tests are performed and we're confident with the new version, we can now upgrade the version of pods in the primary deployment and delete the canary deployment altogether. So one of the caveats of performing a canary update this way with just Kubernetes deployments and services is that we have limited control over the split of traffic between each deployment. The traffic split is always going to be governed by the number of pods present in each deployment. So for example, we cannot say route just 1% of traffic to the canary deployment. For that, we would need at least 100 pods altogether, and that's why service meshes like Istio comes with better control. With Istio, you can define the exact percentage of traffic to be distributed between each deployment, and it's not really dependent upon the number of pods in a deployment. Let's say if you have just one pod in each deployment, you can still route 1% of traffic to one deployment and 99% to the other. So we discuss that in more detail in our course on service mesh with Istio. So let's see this with some code examples. With canary deployment, as before, you deploy the application as a deployment, so let's call it MyApp-Primary, and we create a service with the selector set to label app and value front end. The new version is deployed as a separate deployment. Let's call it MyApp-Canary, and this deployment uses the newer image, version 2.0. To start with, we only want to send a small percentage of traffic to it, so we deploy a single container only, and so we set the replicas count to one. We need to route the traffic from the same service to both the deployments, and for this, we make sure that we use the same labels and selector combination under the pod spec labels to match what is already in the service definition. So the label app is set to front end in both the deployments, and that routes traffic to both the deployments. Well, that's it for this lecture. Head over to the practice labs, and get your hands dirty, and I'll see you in the next one.