-: Hello, and welcome to this lecture. In this lecture, we will look at jobs in Kubernetes. There are different types of workloads that a container can serve. A few that we have seen through this course are web, application and database. We have deployed simple web servers that serve users. These workloads are meant to continue to run for a long period of time until manually taken down. There are other kinds of workloads, such as batch processing, analytics, or reporting that are meant to carry out a specific task and then finish. For example, performing a computation, processing an image, performing some kind of analytics on a large dataset, generating a report and sending an email, et cetera. These are workloads that are meant to live for a short period of time, perform a set of tasks and then finish. Let us first see how such a workload works in Docker. And then we will relate the same concept to Kubernetes. So I'm going to run a Docker container to perform a simple math operation to add two numbers. The Docker container comes up, performs the requested operation, prints the output, and exits. When you run the Docker ps command, you see the container in an exited state. The return code of the operation performed is shown in the bracket as well. In this case, since the task was completed successfully, the return code is zero. Let's just replicate the same with Kubernetes. We will create a pod definition file to perform the same operation. When the pod is created, it runs a container, performs the computation task and exits, and the pod goes into a completed state. But it then recreates the container in an attempt to leave it running. Again, the container performs the required computation task and exits. And Kubernetes continues to bring it up again. And this continues to happen until a threshold is reached. So why does that happen? Kubernetes wants your applications to live forever. The default behavior of pods is to attempt to restart the container in an effort to keep it running. This behavior is defined by the property restart policy set on the pod, which is by default set to always. And that is why the pod always recreates the container when it exits. You can override this behavior by setting this property to never or on failure. That way Kubernetes does not restart the container once the job is finished. Now, that works just fine. We have new use cases for batch processing. We have large datasets that require multiple pods to process the data in parallel. We wanna make sure that all pods perform the task assigned to them successfully and then exit. So we need a manager that can create as many pods as we want to get a work done and ensure that work gets done successfully. But we have learned about replica sets that help us create multiple pods. While a replica set is used to make sure a specified number of pods are running at all times, a job is used to run a set of pods to perform a given task to completion. Let us now see how we can create a job. We create a job using a definition file. So we start with a pod definition file to create a job using it. We start with a blank template that has API version, kind, metadata and spec. The API version is batch/v1 as of today but remember to verify this against the version of Kubernetes released that you are running on. The kind is job, of course. We will name it Math Add Job. Then under the Spec section, just like in replica sets or deployments, we have template. And under template, we move all of the content from pod definitions specification. Once done, create the job using the kubectl create command. Once created, use the kubectl get jobs command to see the newly created job. We now see that the job was created and was completed successfully. To see the pods created, run the kubectl get pods command. We see that it is in a completed state with zero restarts, indicating that Kubernetes did not try to restart the pod. Perfect, but what about the output of the job? In our case, we just had the addition performed on the command line inside the container. So the output should be in the pod's standard output. The standard output of a container can be seen using the logs command as we have seen in a previous lecture. So we run the kubectl logs command with the name of the pod to see the output. Finally, to delete the job, run the kubectl delete job command. Deleting the job will also result in deleting the pods that were created by the job. Now, I hope you realize that this example was made simple so we understand what jobs are and of course, this is not typically how jobs are implemented in the real world. For example, if the job was created to process an image, the processed image stored in a persistent volume would be the output. Or if the job was to generate and email a report, then the email with the report would be the result of the job. So I hope you get the gist of it. And for the sake of understanding jobs, we will continue with this example. So we just ran one instance of the pod in the previous example. To run multiple pods, we set a value for completions under the job specification. And we set it to three to run three pods. This time, when we create the job, we see the desired count is three, and the successful count is three. Now, by default, the pods are created one after the other. The second part is created only after the first is finished. That was straightforward but what if the pods fail? For example, I'm now going to create a job using a different image called Random Error. It's a simple Docker image that randomly completes or fails. When I create this job, the first part completes successfully. The second one fails. So a third one is created and that completes successfully and the fourth one fails. And so does the fifth. And so to have three completions, the job tries to create new pods until it has three successful completions. And that completes the job. Instead of getting the pods created sequentially, we can get them created in parallel. For this, add a property called parallelism to the jobs specification. We set it to three to create three pods in parallel. So the job first creates three pods at once, two of which complete successfully. So we only need one more so it's intelligent enough to create one pod at a time until we get a total of three completed pods. Well, that's it for this lecture. Head over to the coding quiz and have fun playing around with jobs. I will see you in the next lecture.