-: In this video, I'm gonna take you through the solutions for the Kubernetes Jobs lab. For question one, it states that a pod definition file named, throw-dice-pod.yaml, was given, and what this image is going to do, is it's going to randomly return a value between one and six. Six is considered a success, and all others are considered a failure. And so, what it is asking us to do, is deploy a pod using this image, and then, view the pod logs to see what number the image generated. If I type in, ls, this is going to show us the throw-dice-pod.yaml. So, I'm gonna, cat, so we can see the contents of this file, and we can see all it's doing is, it's creating a container using that throw-dice image. So, I'm gonna deploy this, we'll do a, kubectl apply -f, and we'll call the name of that file. So, that's going to create the pod. And then, what we can do is do a, kubectl get pod, so we can see what status that the pod is in. And, we can see that it is currently in an error status. So, it looks like, it returned a value that wasn't a six. So, if we do a, kubectl logs, we can actually take a look at the logs to see what number was deployed. And, we can see it returns a value of four, so it returned a value of four. So, we'll go ahead and do a validation and go to, Next. The next question is asking us to create a job using this pod definition file, or from the imperative command, and look at how many attempts does it take to get a six. And, it's telling us to provide the following specifications. So, we've got the job name, which is gonna be throw-dice-job, and then the image has to be that same image. And so, what I recommend you do is, if you don't remember how to create a job, I recommend you go to the Kubernetes documentation, and under, Concepts, Workloads, and then, Workload Resources, there's one for jobs, and it's gonna give us an example. And so, we could just use this as a template for creating a job. And, that's what I'm actually gonna do. I'm gonna copy this, go back to the lab, and I'm gonna create a file. So, I'll do a VI, and then, we'll say, throw-dice-job.yaml. And, I'm just gonna paste this in here, and we're gonna update a few things. So, first of all, we have to change the name of the job, gotta match up for validation purposes. So, this is gonna be, throw-dice-job, the name, I can just call this whatever. We'll just say, throw-dice. And then, the image has to be that throw-dice image. And, there isn't gonna be any other commands. Now, the back-off limit, just because we are going to want to see if we can get a six, so, it could take up to more than six attempts. So, I'm just gonna put this at an artificially high number, just so that we can actually get a success. So, I'm just gonna say it's a 25. That means, it'll attempt 25 times to get a six. And then, we can do a, kubectl apply -f, and then, we'll call the throw-dice-job.yaml. So, that's been created, and if I do a, kubectl get job, we can see our job. So, far it hasn't completed, and if I do a, kubectl describe job throw-dice-job, we can see one active, zero succeeded, three failed. And so, we can see all the pods that it created. So, let's just keep hitting the up arrow and see what happens. And so, it looks like we finally got one that was completed. And so, now, we can see one was successful, so this is the one that registered as six. If I hit check, it's gonna run the validation that was successful. Okay, then it's just telling us, monitor and wait for the job to succeed. And then, it's just letting us know, you know, it's best to bump up the back-off limit, which we already did, so that the job doesn't close up before it's successful. We'll run the validation again because we already waited for it to complete. So, I'll just hit check. And, this is gonna ask us, how many attempts did it take to complete the job? So, we have one succeeded, three failed. So, that's four total attempts. The next thing that we need to do is update the job, so that it runs until we have three successful sixes. So, I'm going to delete the current job. So, I'll say, kubectl delete -f throw-dice-job.yaml. That's gonna delete it. Then I'm gonna open up that file, and what we wanna do is we want to add the completions property, and set this to be three. Right, because we wanna see three successful sixes, so we need this to complete three times. And, you know, this could potentially take up to more than 25 attempts. So if you wanted to, we could just change this to maybe like 35, just in case, so, it doesn't exit out before we get three completions. And then, I'll do a, kubectl apply -f, and I'm gonna do a, kubectl describe job. And so, right now, we've had one success, one failure, and, now, we have two successes. So, oh, there we go. So, now, we got three successes. So, fairly quickly, it might take a little longer for you guys, just, you know, it's just a matter of luck. So, just wait it out, once it's done, go ahead and hit check, and we can move on to the next question. How many attempts did it take to complete this job this time? So, we had three successful ones, and one failure. So, that's gonna be four. All right, so, for the next question, it's telling us to run these jobs in parallel instead of doing this one by one. So, once again, we're gonna delete our current job, and then, we're gonna modify the file. And, to make them run in parallel, we just have to provide one property. And so, we need to add the parallelism property, so I'll say, parallelism, and we want three to be able to run in parallel. So, I'll set that to three. And then, we can do a, kubectl apply -f. If we do a kubectl apply, oh, sorry, not apply, kubectl get jobs, actually, we'll do a describe job. And so, we've got two succeeded, three failed. And so, I'm just gonna wait for this to get three successes but we can see that they're running in parallel now, so it's a little bit quicker. And there we go, we have had three successes. So, I will run a check, go to the next question. Notice how quickly that finished over. Obviously, if you're gonna run your jobs in parallel, they're gonna finish a little bit quicker, versus doing them in series. Now, the final question, is asking us to create a CronJob that will run the job at 2130 hours every single day. And so, these are gonna be the specs for the CronJob. This is gonna be the name, this is gonna be the image, and then, if you wanna configure the schedule, it's gonna be 30-21. So, the first one's for the half an hour, the first one's for the hour, so, this is the minutes, basically, and then, this is the hour. And then, the stars, or the asterisks on the other ones, is basically saying, I want this to happen every day. And, if you wanna take a look at the logs, we can just search for CronJob, and we can probably get an example one. And, so this is an example one, so I'm just gonna copy this. And, I'm gonna create a new file. And, I'm going to paste this now, and we can delete the command stuff, and I'm gonna update the image to be the image that we want. So, we want, code cloud throw-dice, and I'll just call this, throw-dice. And, we wanna update the schedule to be this, so I'm just gonna copy this, and then paste it in there. And then, we'll update the name as well, so this is gonna be, throw-dice-cron-job. And then, we wanna change the restart policy to be, Never. And then, again, it's been created. I'll then run a check to see if it was successfully created, and, looks like everything's good to go. And, that's going to wrap up the Kubernetes Jobs and Cron Jobs lab.