-: In this video, I'm gonna walk you through these solutions for the Init container lab. For the first question, it's asking us to identify the pod that has an Init container configured. So if I do a Kubectl get pods, we should see that we have three different pods, red, green, blue. And to see which one has an Init container, we're gonna have to do a Kubectl describe. So I'm gonna do Kubectl describe, and then pod and then this is going to describe all the pods. And we're just gonna go through each one of these three outputs and figure out which one has an Init container. So I'll start it all the way at the top. The first container, which is gonna be the red. The red pod we can see that there is a container in there called red container, but there's no Init container section. So it's not that one. We'll go down to the green pod. And in the green pod we have a green container but no Init container. And then finally, if we get down to the blue pod, we do in fact see that there's an Init container for the blue pod. So the answer is going to be blue. What is the image used by the Init container on the blue pod? Well, we don't have to run any other commands. We can just see under the image it's going to be set to a Busybox image. So I'll select Busybox. What is the state of Init container on the pod blue? Well, if we go down, we could see that there's a state section here, and we could see that it's set to terminated. So I'll select terminated. The next question is asking why is the Init container in a terminated state? What is the reason? Well, the reason for that is right below that, and we can see that it's 'cause it was completed. So I'll select process completed successfully. So a new app named purple was created, and we have to figure out how many Init containers does it have. So I do Kubectl describe pod purple. And if we go to the Init container section, which is right here, we can see that there's one called warmup one, and then there's another one called warmup two. And then after that, that's all. So there's two Init containers and they're gonna go in that order. So we'll have warmup one first, then warmup two. So it's like two. What is the state of the pod? To get the state of the pod, just take a look at the output of the described pod command, and you can see there's a status section right here and that's going to be pending. So I'll select pending, and it's asking how long after the creation of the pod will the application come up and be available to users. So to answer this question, we have to take a look at the Init containers because the application is hosted on purple container, the main container, but we've got two Init containers. So this container will not get deployed until the Init container's complete. So the first Init container is going to deploy a Busybox image, and all it's going to do is it's going to run a sleep command. So what this command tells it to do is just sit there and wait 600 seconds and then close when it's done. So 600 seconds I believe is about 10 minutes. And then after this container's done, then we'll go to the next Init container and you can see it's the same image with the same command. Except this time, it's 1,200 seconds which is 20 minutes. So this is gonna wait 20 minutes and then close. So that's 10 plus 20, that's 30 minutes. And then after that's complete, we can then finally run the purple container. So the answer's gonna be 30 minutes. The next question is asking us to update the pod red to use an Init container that uses the Busybox image and sleeps for 20 seconds. So it's basically telling us to do the same thing this purple pod is doing where we have an Init container that's going to sleep for instead of 1,200 seconds, it's just gonna be 20 seconds. So I'm gonna do a Kubectl get pod, and then we're gonna grab the red pod. I'm gonna do dash O yaml, and then save this to a file. I'll just call this red.yaml. So we've got the configs, and then I'm gonna do a Kubectl destroy, or sorry, delete pod red. That's gonna delete the current instance. And once that's complete, let's open up our red.yaml. And if we take a look at this, you can see that we've got a container but no Init container so we have to add an Init container section. So I'll go under these spec, and I'll add an Init containers. And here I'm gonna add a image. This is gonna be Busybox, and then we'll give this container a name, and I'm gonna call this red-Init container. And the command that's gonna run is going to be the same command that we saw before. So it's gonna be sleep. And then we wanna sleep 20 seconds as per the instructions. And that should be all that we have to change. So this Init container's gonna run first sleep for 20 seconds, and then the main container's gonna run. Let's do a Kubectl apply-F red.yaml. And after that's been created, we're gonna run the validation and we can see that everything was successful. And we'll go to the next question. And it's saying that there's a new application orange that was deployed and there's something wrong with it, identify and fix the issue. So if I do a Kubectl get pods, we can see that we have this orange pod that's stuck in an Init crash loop back off status. So I'm gonna do a Kubectl describe pod orange, and let's take a look at what could be going wrong. So under events, I don't really see anything interesting other than we can see that it's restarting. Let's take a look at the configurations. So we've got the container, the orange container, and this is just running Busybox, and then it's just gonna run a command where it's saying the app is running and then it's gonna sleep for 3,600 seconds. So no issue there. However, if we go up to the Init container, I do see one minor issue. If we take a look at the command that's running on the Busybox image, we could see that there was a typo and sleep has a couple too many Es. So that's probably what's causing it to crash. So let's update this configuration and see if that fixes it. I'm gonna do a Kubectl get pod orange. We're gonna copy the config to an orange.yaml. And then I'm gonna do a Kubectl delete pod orange. Then we'll go into the orange.yaml, and let's fix up the command so that there isn't too many Es. And then let's do a Kubectl apply-F orange.yaml. And we can see it was successfully created. Then let's run the validation just to see if the issue is fixed, and it looks like we're successful. And that's going to wrap up the Init container Lab.