Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll give you an introduction to Databricks SQL. There is a misconception that Databricks SQL is a type of SQL developed by Databricks, but that isn't the case. It's simply an analytics and data visualization environment on the Databricks Lakehouse platform. It helps deliver data analytics and reporting using standard and SQL queries on the data that's stored in the data Lakehouse. The primary users of this platform are data analysts and business users. The secondary users are data scientists, and data engineers are just occasional users. It enables data analysts to query and perform ad hoc analysis of the data and visualizations and dashboarding in the data lakehouse. This is achieved via the SQL editor and the dashboard UI offered by Databricks SQL. Business users can use the dashboards and natural language querying via Arbor Genie to extract insights from the data. Please note that the Arbor Genie is a new addition to Databricks SQL, and it's a preview feature at the moment. As I said, data scientists are secondary users of Databricks SQL. They generally work with Databricks notebooks rather than Databricks SQL. Having said that, it's not uncommon to see data scientists using Databricks SQL to perform ad hoc analysis of the data using Databricks SQL before moving to advanced analytics using the Databricks notebooks. And data engineers are just occasional users of the Databricks SQL, similar to Data Scientist. They generally work with Databricks notebooks rather than Databricks SQL. The role of data engineers in the context of Databricks SQL is mainly to provision the compute required, as well as working with scheduling, alerting, security, and performance tuning. So as data engineers, you just need limited knowledge and the certification exam will also only test your ability around these areas. We'll also cover only the required knowledge for the certification exam in this course. Let's now take a look at the architecture of Databricks SQL. As we discussed, Databricks SQL offers an user interface which helps us interact with the data. Lakehouse. As you already know, the data in the Data Lake House is stored in cloud storage such as AWS, S3, ADLs, Gen two, Google Cloud Storage, etc. and the format of the data is in delta format. Unity catalog helps store metadata and provide data governance, etc. to this data that's stored in the cloud storage. We need a compute layer to access this data. Databricks SQL offers SQL warehouses. For this. SQL warehouses provide the compute specifically optimized for BI and SQL workloads. Similar to standard Databricks clusters. You can choose the serverless option as well as the provisioned compute. As we saw previously, serverless compute runs on the Databricks subscription, and Databricks keeps a pool of compute ready to go, so it's quicker to provision. Generally it takes just a few seconds. Provisioned compute on the other hand runs on Azure subscription and the virtual machines are provisioned when we request for them. So it takes around four minutes to provision a cluster. Also, please note that SQL warehouses used to be called SQL endpoints until recently, so please don't be confused if you see SQL endpoints in the exam. It just refers to SQL warehouses. Databricks user interface comes with quite a few components, and here are a few important ones. It has an SQL editor that you can use to write SQL queries interactively. It has a dashboard UI which you can use to create an organized visualizations and reports. Also, Databricks recently added Arbigny, which is in preview at the moment. It helps you interact with the Data Lakehouse using natural language queries with the help of generative AI. It also comes with alerts, which helps notify users based on predefined conditions in the query. So this is the architecture of Databricks SQL. In summary, Databricks SQL basically brings the data warehousing capabilities to the Data Lake house with the help of compute, which is specifically optimized for BI workloads, as well as the interactive querying and dashboarding capabilities offered by the user interface. I hope you now have a good understanding about Databricks SQL. Let's now switch over to the Databricks workspace, and I'll take you through the Databricks SQL user interface. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. And all the features that we talked about so far around Databricks SQL are grouped into this menu here called SQL. Let me expand that. And as you can see we've got things like SQL editor, dashboards, Genie, etc. under this menu. And this is the only place you will have to be interacting with in order to work with Databricks SQL. So let me quickly take you through each one of them. We will have proper demos in the forthcoming lessons, but I'm going to quickly take you through each of these options. As we said, SQL editor is an interactive interface for writing and executing SQL queries against the data. Lake House. You would simply come in here, write your SQL statements, and you can click run to execute the statement, and you will interactively see the results here. And once you've written the queries, you can save them and the saved queries will be saved under queries tab. Here and in dashboards, you can create your visualizations and reports, and you will be able to publish it and share it with other users as well. And as we discussed, Genie helps you query the data using natural language. You can ask questions in plain English without writing any SQL statements. As I said, it's currently in private preview, but it should become generally available quite soon and notify lets you notify users when query results meet specific conditions. You specify your conditions and set an alert, and it sends the notifications when the conditions are met. And under Query History, you can see the details of the previously executed queries with their execution details. And also you can replay any queries you want to. And SQL warehouses basically lets you create the Compute Engine required for executing your SQL queries. As you can see, there is a compute already created for us by default, but we're going to create a new one in the next lesson. These are all the tools you need to be able to interact with the Databricks SQL. As I said, in the next lesson we're going to create a new SQL warehouse. And then we will be writing some queries to interact with the data Lakehouse via the SQL warehouse. And I'll also show you some dashboards as well as how to create an alert. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.