Welcome back. In this lesson we are going to focus on SQL warehouses. As we saw previously, Databricks is already created a starter warehouse for us. In my case it's serverless. But you might see a provisioned SQL warehouse. Don't worry about that. Let's create a new one so that you can follow along with me. And also I can take you through all the configuration options and explain them in detail. So in order to create a new SQL warehouse, we need to click on the create SQL warehouse button here. Let's do that. And the first option is to name the SQL warehouse. I'm going to call it as Dacos warehouse. And before we talk about the configuration options cluster size, auto stop, etc., let's focus on the type. As we saw in the presentation, Databricks gives us the ability to create a serverless SQL warehouse or a provisioned SQL warehouse. Under Provisioned Warehouse, we got two options, one called Pro and the other one called classic. And there are some differences between them. We'll look at that in a bit. But before that, as you know, serverless is provisioned from the resources already waiting to be deployed in the Databricks subscription. So it takes between 2 to 6 seconds to start up and running. And Pro and Classic are both provisioned. And they're provisioned from the VMs in your subscription. And it takes about four minutes to start up and running. So if your requirement is to have a SQL warehouse up and running within a couple of seconds, you should go for serverless. Otherwise, you should choose between a pro and a classic. And also some of you might not see the serverless option. That's because serverless is not available in all the regions yet. That could be one of the reasons. Or it could be that your subscription doesn't support serverless option yet. So if you don't see serverless, don't worry about that. And just so everybody can follow along with me, we are going to create the SQL warehouse using one of the other options other than serverless. But before we do that, let me explain the other differences between these three options. Let me go to the documentation. And as you can see here, by default all three types use the Databricks built in vectorized query engine called photon for better performance and to be able to optimize BI and SQL workloads. Pro and serverless also offers additional performance optimizations called predictive IO, which offers accelerated read and write to the data. Lakehouse and serverless also offers intelligent workload management, which is basically AI powered prediction to the dynamic management of workloads and provide better performance overall. So, as you can see, serverless is the most performant and then you've got pro and classic is the least performant. So based on your requirement, you should pick the right one. And also please remember that because of the additional capabilities offered by Pro and serverless, they are slightly more expensive compared to running a classic compute for our course. We really don't need much performance here. So we're going to use the classic compute. So let me select classic here. Don't worry about the warning here. We'll deal with that in a minute. And by default the cluster size is set to extra large. We really don't need extra large compute. The cluster sizes you see here are different to what you see with the standard Databricks clusters. And these are basically t shirt sizes. And they equate to a certain number of worker nodes. For example, two x small means you get one worker node, x small is two worker nodes and then small is four worker nodes, etc. and it goes in multiples of four. You can see that in the documentation. Let me show you that anyway. And as you can see here, these are the cluster sizes for SQL warehouses. And for two x small you get a driver node and you get one worker node. And for x small you get two worker nodes etc. and it goes up to 256 worker nodes. And the cost increases as you go up in sizes. So let me go back to the Databricks workspace and let's pick the two x small because we just need a small cluster, and even the two x small itself will require four Databricks units, as you can see here. And the auto stop option lets you stop the warehouse if it's ideal for specified number of minutes. You don't want your warehouse to be up and running all the time, so you want to stop the warehouse after certain minutes of inactivity. So I'm going to go for 20 minutes here. So after 20 minutes of inactivity, it will automatically shut down and I won't be paying for any extra resources. And under scaling you can specify the minimum and the maximum number of clusters that will be used for a query. Default is one and one. You can increase the maximum clusters if you want to handle more concurrent users for a given query. So if you have a lot of users running a specific query concurrently and they're suffering from performance issues, you should look at increasing the maximum number of clusters. Databricks recommends a cluster for every ten concurrent queries. So if you have, say, 20 concurrent queries running from 20 different users, you may want to increase the number of clusters to two. But as you can see here, when I increase the maximum clusters, the required Databricks units also goes up. So what happens is Databricks allocates one cluster initially, and depending on the number of concurrent queries coming in, it will increase the or it will allocate another cluster. So your cost will go up at that time. So please bear that in mind. But I'm going to put it to one because we just need one cluster for our purposes. And as you can see here, I've got a warning to say that I'll exceed my cloud vendor quota after this change. And I just have ten vCPUs available in my subscription. But I need 16 in order to create this SQL warehouse. And the 16 is required in this family, which is EB three family. So I can increase that in my quota. But if you are on a free subscription and you're not able to increase the quota. Please don't worry about it. There are only a few things we need to learn within Databricks SQL, so you can just watch the next few videos and not worry about practicing them. Uh, or you can go for serverless option. So if you have serverless available that won't check for your quota available. So just simply click on serverless and then create your cluster. And remember to keep the cluster sizes too small because otherwise you will be charged quite a bit more. But let me quickly increase the quota available for me. So as you know from before, you can simply do that in the quotas menu here. And let me click on compute because we're going to increase the uh, quota available for compute. And the region I'm interested in is UK South because that's where I've got my subscription. And let me search for Eb3. So as you can see here for standard Eb3 family vCPUs, I just have ten cores available, but I need 16. So you can simply click on the request adjustment button here and increase the quota. I'm going to simply go for 20 and click submit. And it takes about a few minutes to become available. And then we'll come back to create the SQL warehouse. Okay. As you can see, my new limit is 20 vCPUs. That's more than sufficient for our SQL warehouse. So let me go back to Databricks Workspace and let me talk you through the advanced options before we click create. And as you can see here we got a few options. Here. You can add tags in order to allocate any billing or anything like that. And also you can use Unity Catalog or you can disable Unity Catalog and that will use hive Metastore. We want to keep it as Unity catalog for this course. And you can assign your spot instance policy. And the two options available for you are cost optimized and reliability optimized. And basically cost optimized means if there is a spot instance available that will be allocated as the worker node so you can save some cost, but the reliability optimized will always allocate a provisioned VMs and spot instances won't be used. So if you want to save some cost, cost optimized is your best option. And that's sufficient for our work here. And under channels you can select current or preview. Preview will give you preview features, but we can just stick to current for this. And let me click create. And that should create the SQL warehouse for us. And if you wanted to add any users and assign permissions, you can just do it from here I'm going to simply close that. As you can see now, the warehouse has been provisioned and if you wanted to connect any other tools such as power BI, Tableau or anything, you can get the connection details from here. And if you wanted to monitor the warehouse, you can do that from here. At the moment the status is running and when you are running queries, you will be able to see the histories here and some of the metrics here as well. And also if you wanted to ever edit your warehouse and increase the size or anything like that, you can just simply edit the cluster from here. And some of the changes will require the warehouse to be restarted, so please bear that in mind. And also you can assign permissions so you can add other users to be able to manage the cluster from here. And finally, if you wanted to stop the cluster you simply click on the stop button. And then that will terminate the warehouse and you won't be charged for the warehouse from there onwards. I would encourage you to stop the warehouse if you're not going to be definitely using for the next 20 minutes. But as you can see, we've set the auto stop to 20 minutes, so if there are 20 minutes of inactivity, it will stop the warehouse at that point anyway. So if you're sure, please stop the warehouse. Otherwise it will be terminated or stopped after the 20 minutes. I hope you now have a good understanding about how to create a SQL warehouse and how to configure one. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.