Welcome back. Now that we've created the SQL warehouse and that's up and running, let's look at querying the data from the Data Lake house using the SQL editor as well as creating a simple dashboard. As I said before, most of the work here is normally done by data analyst or the business users. And as a data engineer, you just need to be aware of what you can do here. You don't need to know an awful lot. So I'm going to give you a quick demo, and it's going to be a simple demo to use the SQL editor as well as creating a dashboard. So let's go over to the SQL editor. And let's say I want to query the data from one of the tables in our gizmo box project. So I'm going to simply go over to Gizmo Box and Under Gold I think we got a table called Order Summary Monthly. I'm going to query that table. So you can write the Select statement here similar to what we normally do. And you can either use the drop downs here to pick your catalogs and the schemas and just give the table name here. Or you can use the three level namespace to query the data. I'm going to use the three level namespace. So I'm going to simply bring that table name over here. And now we can execute the statement. But before we execute the SQL statement we need to connect to a SQL warehouse. And we're going to use the classic warehouse here called Dax warehouse. That's the one we created. So let's assign that. And you can click on the run button to execute this statement. As you can see here, by default it limits the number of records to 1000. You can take the option out by unticking this this menu here. So now it will execute the statement and bring as many records as you have. And also you've got the option to turn on and off off running all statements or individual statements. That's okay. We can run all statements here, but let's not limit the number of records. We don't have more than 1000 records, but I'm just, uh, selecting the option here. Let me click run now. So the query is now successfully executed. As you can see we've got the results from the table which is order summary monthly. That basically has the order month. Customer ID, total orders and item boards and total amount. So for each of the month for a customer, we get the total orders, total items, and the total amount. If you remember from the other project that we did. And we'll do a dashboard on that. But before we do that you got the option to save your queries in this SQL editor. So a lot of the times you might have multiple statements, and you want to save your queries so that you can reuse them later on. So to do that you can simply click on the save button here. And that will bring up this dialog. And you can select the folder to which you're going to save the query to. I'm going to save it into D007 Databricks SQL folder. And also I'm going to rename this query and say select. And let's click save. So now the query is saved into your workspace. So if you go over to your workspace you will be able to see that. Let me show you that as well. And as you can see, we've got the query saved here. Uh, let me go back now. And you've got a couple of options here. If you wanted to schedule your query to run at regular intervals, you can simply click on the ad schedule to schedule the query to run. And you can also share it with the other users within your team. And you can assign permissions as well. Let's now create a visualization from this data we got here. In order to do that, you click on the plus button and click on visualization. And that opens up this window. And we can name our visualization here. So let's say I want to call it as a monthly order summary. And I'm going to keep it simple and show you a simple bar chart here. But you've got a lot of other options. So let's say we want to keep the x axis as order month. And on the y axis we want to have the total number of orders. So let me add the total orders here. And we'll use the aggregation as sum as well. So it will sum up all the orders and give it on the y axis. And let's group the data by order month as well. So we've got the data grouped by order month. And we've got the x axis as order month and y axis as sum of total orders. So that's what I wanted. And if you wanted to rename your x axis and y axis you can do that here as well. So that'll do for me. And you got a lot of other options actually. You can set the data labels and um series colors everything actually. But have a look at these things. But we're going to keep it simple and let's click save. So as you can see we've simply visualized the data now. But let's say I want to add this to a dashboard. You can simply click on the drop down here and add it to a dashboard. If you already have a dashboard, you can add it to that dashboard or you can create a new one. So I'm going to create a new one because we don't have a dashboard. So in order to do that click on the Add to dashboard. And it's going to be create a new dashboard. And let's name our dashboard here. You can leave this as default. And let's select the widgets we need. We can take the data as well to the dashboard if you wanted to, but I'm not going to do that. I'm going to simply take the monthly order summary visualization that we've created. So let's click create. So now we've created a dashboard with the visualization that we created earlier. So as you can see it's opening up the dashboard under the dashboards menu here. And we've got the visualization here. And if you wanted to uh give a name for the page you can simply do that here. And also you can do a lot of things. You can add more visualizations to this dashboard. And also you can add text as well. Say for example if you wanted to have a text here. So let's say I'm going to again put Gizmo box Performance dashboard. I can simply do that here just by double clicking. And it accepts the markdown language which you are familiar with. So let's say I want to have it as a heading. So I'm going to simply say hash and then gizmo box performance dashboard dashboard. And as you can see, we've got the text here in header one format. So that's brilliant. If you wanted to publish this to other users you can simply click on publish. But before that, as you can see at the moment it's in draft mode. That's why we are able to edit it. When it's published in the published mode, we won't be able to edit it. You can simply see it and let me click on publish to publish the dashboard. And then I'll demonstrate that. So let me click publish here again. And again. You can add other users and give them permissions to manage or view your dashboard. So let me close that. And as you can see here, now you can switch between the draft and the published. And as you can see the published timestamp is here. So I can simply switch to published. And this is the dashboard that the other users use. Sharing the dashboard with will see. So to share the dashboard you can simply click on share button here and add the users and give them the right permissions. Missions. But if you ever wanted to edit, you will always have to go to the draft mode and then you can simply edit whatever you wanted. So let's say I'm going to add s order summary. And now this dashboard here in draft has got order summary in the text. But if you switch to published you won't have that. Because when we published actually we didn't have that. So whenever you're editing, you can do that in draft mode without worrying about users being affected as well. And once you've completed edit in the dashboard, you can simply click on publish to publish that. And now if you go over to publish you will see the title that we changed here as well. That's brilliant. So as you can see, quite simply, you can use the SQL editor to query your data, and you can use the dashboards to create your visualizations, and you can share your dashboards with the other users within the organization as well. And I hope you've got a good understanding about the SQL editor and the dashboards. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.