Back. The last thing I want to demonstrate is how to create alerts. You can create alerts from this menu, but in order to create an alert, you need to have a query. The way alerts work is they take the output from a query, and based on the output, you can define a condition and trigger an alert if the condition evaluates to true. So we need to create a query first. So let's go over to SQL editor and let's create a new query. So I'm going to click on Create New Query and create the query. Let's work with the same table that we got. Let's say we want to create an alert. If the total amount we've taken as the business has exceeded $50,000. So to calculate that you can use the sum function on the total amount. So sum of total amount from the order monthly summary should give me the total amount. So let's say how much we got here. So that is $60,000. So that's more than 50,000. So if we define a condition in the alert to say if it exceeds $50,000, we should get an alert. We will get that in this scenario. And let me also alias this column. And I'm going to call this as total amount. And also let's take out the limit thousand here. It doesn't really matter in this case but it's better to take that out in production scenarios. So let me execute the statement one more time just to make sure everything is okay. So that's fine. We need to save this query now. So let me click on save. And I'm going to save the query under the Databricks SQL folder here. And let me give a name for the query. And the query is now saved. I didn't show you last time, but you can see all the saved queries under the menu queries here. So as you can see we've got two queries here. One called select Order Monthly Summary and the other one called select or total order amount. That's the new one that we created. And we're going to use that in our alert. So let's go over to alerts and let's click on Create Alert. Let's give a name for the alert. And we need the query here. So let's select the query which is select total order amount. And as you can see it's already auto generated a trigger condition. And you can change the condition to meet your criteria. In my case I want the trigger to be executed if the total amount is greater than 50,000. So let me give 50,000 here. And I've given first row here because we've got only one record output from that query. But if you have multiple records then you can sum or count or whatever aggregate function you want to use here. And you've got the option to use these conditions as well. So it will be greater than, greater than or equal to all of those conditions. So that's brilliant. You can also preview the alert. So if you click on Preview Alert, that will execute the query and tell you whether the alert is going to be triggered or not. As you can see here, the alert is going to be triggered because the total amount is greater than the threshold in this case. You can also specify when the notifications are to be sent. Do you want the notification to be sent whenever the alert is triggered, or you want to send the notification just once until it's back to normal, or you want to send it in a periodic interval so you can define that. Let's say I want to send it each time the alert is evaluated. And you can also specify whether you want to send a notification when the trigger is back to normal. Basically. And you can also pick the template for the notification. You can use the default template or the custom template. You can give a subject body and the details here, and you can click create to create the alert. I'm going to put it back to default and keep it simple. And let's click create. So now the alert is created. But we need to add it to a schedule so that it executes. So I'm going to click Add Schedule here. And you've got the option to run it every hour, every minute every day etc.. And also if you have a complex requirement, you can use the cron syntax here to specify your complex scheduling intervals. But I'm going to keep it simple and I'm going to schedule it to run every minute. I wouldn't recommend you doing that. I'm just doing it so that I can just demonstrate it while we are on the, uh, on this lesson and don't have to wait for too long. Uh, but please make sure that you delete your schedule if you're doing every minute, because what happens is, whenever the schedule is triggered, the SQL warehouse which is executing the query will be started again and you will incur cost. So you don't want to be starting all the time and running it throughout. I'm going to schedule it now, but I will make sure that I delete the schedule, and I might even delete the SQL warehouse just to be sure. And also you can define the destination here. Where do you want your notifications to be sent? Let's say I want to send the notifications to my email address. And now let's click create. So now we've created the alert and we've scheduled it to run every minute. You can go to Query History to monitor whether the query is running. So let me refresh here. And as you can see the query has now started running. If you go over to alerts you will see that as well. So as you can see it says it's triggered and it executed at 4:51 p.m. here. And that's our last execution. Quickly take you to the query history and demonstrate that because I didn't do that previously. As you can see, we get to see the full history of all the queries running, and we've got our alert to execute every minute. That's why we got three executions so far. You can see all of them. But let's pick one of those and you can see the query that's being executed. And also if you click on the query you will be able to see the query profile. And you can see how long the query took to run and how many records it's returned. And all of those kind of information, which is really useful when you're working with any performance issues. So let me quickly close this. The last thing I want to show you is the notification that's being sent. Hopefully I've got some emails come through. This has been a problem at times, but um, I think it's working at the moment. So as you can see, we've got an alert. So I've got three emails come through so far. It's in total three emails here. As you can see. We've got the A trigger, saying that the total order amount has exceeded 50,000, which is brilliant. As I said, I've got three emails and it's going to keep sending me emails. That's because we are executing every minute. So I need to delete the schedule first. So I'm going to simply go over there. To delete a schedule, you simply click on the three dots here on the right and click delete. So now it will start running or start triggering the alert. And you can also stop the SQL warehouse. Because this is our last lesson of the Databricks SQL section. I'm going to simply go over to the SQL warehouse, and I'm going to stop my SQL warehouse. If you wanted to delete it, you can do that as well. So simply click on the three dots here and click on delete to delete your warehouse. But in my case, I'm confident that nothing else is running. Nothing else is going to trigger this to execute. So I've simply stopped that. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.