So let's talk about the Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall. So this is a managed firewall, and it enables you to filter outbound DNS requests that are going out through your Route 53 Resolver from your VPC. So if you have a look at this diagram, we see we have an EC2 instance and is going to ask our Route 53 Resolver for the DNS query for example.com. Now we also have set up a Resolver DNS firewall, and so the Route 53 Resolver is going to perform the DNS query on the firewall saying, hey, what about example.com? And it's possible for us to set up rules on the firewall, for example, to block this kind of domain, we don't want to query for this domain. Therefore the resolver will say, back to the firewall, will say back to the resolver that it's blocked and so therefore the EC2 instance will not be able to resolve the domain example.com from our resolver. So why would we do this? Well, this is to Blacklist any malicious domains or to Whitelist trusted domains. And what is the risk behind the DNS? Well some attackers, they like to use the DNS protocol to send data out. So for example, the malicious attacker will set up a DNS and through DNS queries is going to send data to it and it's called DNS exfiltration. So it's just the little hack that can happen. And so therefore you can manage a Whitelist or a Blacklist of domains directly from your DNS firewall. Now you can also manage the configuration of all this from the overall service called AWS Firewall Manager. And in case you wanna look at some logging well you have integrations with CloudWatch Logs, and also the Route 53 Resolver query logs that we just saw. Now, one important piece of information and configuration need to know for the exam is the DNS firewall configuration. And you have two ways of configuring it, Fail-close, or Fail-open. So Fail-close is going to make sure that if you don't have any response for your DNS firewall, for example, if it's down or there's a problem on AWS, if there is no response then the resolver is going to block the query. So this is to have security over availability. That means that if your Resolver DNS Firewall is down then all DNS queries will just block, okay. But if you have Fail-open that means that if your DNS firewall is down then the resolver will allow the query, and this is to make sure that you have availability over security. So this is something the exam will ask you and you'll have to choose between Fail-open and Fail-close at some point during maybe a question. Okay, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.