In this video, we're going to talk about some foundational concepts that we have to be familiar with before we start learning about DynamoDB. And we're going to start the process by looking at what a traditional web application with a database looks like. And so let's start with the client layer. Let's imagine that we have users sitting at their laptops or phones. These are our clients. And when a client sends a request it first hits the application layer. And the application layer is where our business logic lives. So things like authentication and pricing and order processing that all happens in the application layer. And in the world of AWS this typically looks like a set of EC2 instances or maybe even Lambda functions that are sitting behind a load balancer. and the job of the load balancer is simply to receive the incoming traffic and distribute it across these multiple targets. That way, if an EC2 instance goes down, we can automatically recover or we can automatically scale with auto scaling groups. But that's not really what we're here to talk about. But just kind of think of that as the application layer. Now where is all of the data that the application layer requires? Things like inventory, things like a history of orders, um, things like customer information. That's where the database comes in. And in this traditional setup, that's where Redis comes into the picture. RDS can use database engines like MySQL or Postgres or Oracle. And this gives you powerful features like SQL queries and schemas and constraints. And so this type of approach is going to work really well in certain situations. Like for example, how about financial systems like online banking. It's critical that we have data consistency and data integrity in that kind of system. So that's a great system for a relational database. Inventory systems. When we have multiple tables, we need to join multiple tables together to match products and suppliers. SQL queries make that simple and efficient. So there are certain use cases where this is the ideal model. However, when we start dealing with massive scale, that's when we start to hit some challenges with this approach.