So we're going to talk about a really important topic here when it comes to designing your DynamoDB table. This is how you can control how much data your table can handle, and how fast it can read, and how fast it can write. So when you create a DynamoDB table, you need to decide how you want AWS to manage your capacity. And there are two modes available. There's provisioned mode and on demand mode. So let's start with provisioned mode. And this is the one that's going to give you the most control. With provisioned mode you set the capacity. You decide how much read and write throughput your table has. And this is going to be measured using read capacity units and write capacity units. And so you'll basically say hey AWS I want my table to handle five reads and and ten writes per second or whatever. And DynamoDB will then reserve that capacity for you, and you'll pay for it by the hour, whether you use it all or not. You can also enable auto scaling, which is going to adjust the read and write capacity numbers for you. It'll adjust them up or down automatically when your workload changes. It's kind of like cruise control for your tables performance. Whatever your needs are, auto scaling is going to make sure that you have the right number of capacity units to handle those. So with provisioned capacity, you are planning your capacity ahead of time. You're paying for what you provision, but you can also enable auto scaling. Now let's compare that to on demand mode and on demand is really all about convenience. You know, here you're not specifying the number of read or write capacity units. DynamoDB will automatically adjust your capacity based on traffic. So it'll scale up and scale down in real time, and you'll pay for only what you use. The downside of this approach is it's going to be more expensive. It's going to cost roughly 2.5 times more than provisioned capacity. And this is the way that AWS handles a lot of their services. They'll figure something out for you right. Like for example, they'll figure out how much read and write capacity you need for your DynamoDB table. But they're not going to do that for free. So you'll typically get a better price if you can figure this sort of thing out on your own versus the convenience of letting AWS just handle it for you. So provisioned is ideal for. Predictable workloads and it's going to be cheaper over time. Um, versus on demand, which is ideal for unpredictable workloads, is going to be more expensive, but is going to eliminate some of the management work that you have to do. You can change a table from one mode to the other. Okay. So let's take a deeper look at provisioned capacity. And we'll cover some of the key things that you're going to need to know if you're taking a certification test. So when you use provisioned mode you need to specify read capacity units for reads and write capacity units for writes. And again, you can let DynamoDB automatically adjust these with auto scaling. But let's take a look at the underlying math here. We're going to go to math class for a couple minutes. And we're going to make sure that we understand exactly what these capacity units represent. A right capacity unit supports up to one write per second for an item that is up to one kilobyte in size. If your items are bigger than one kilobyte in size, you're going to use more write capacity units. So let's take a look at a couple examples here. If you're writing a one kilobyte item, that's going to be one write capacity unit for each write per second. So if you're writing one one kilobyte item per second, that's going to be one write capacity unit. If your item is larger it's going to consume more write capacity Units, right? So if I'm writing bigger items, it's going to consume more of these write capacity units. And DynamoDB always rounds up to the next whole kilobyte. Okay. So let's take a moment to look at a couple examples of how this math works out. So in example one, let's say that you are writing eight items per second and each item is one kilobyte. Well, each item up to one kilobyte requires one write capacity unit. So eight items per second times one write capacity unit equals eight write capacity units. That's your required throughput. That's what you need. That's your capacity. Example two is a little bit more complex. In this case we are writing five items per second and each item is 5.6kB in size. Well AWS is always going to round up. So instead of 5.6kB when it comes to your write capacity units, each of those items is going to be considered six kilobytes. So five items per second times six kilobytes, or six write capacity units each. You have to provision 30 write capacity units to accomplish that workload. Let's look at one more. Example three you are writing 180 items per minute. Well, 180 items per minute is the same as saying three items per second. Each of those items is three kilobytes in size, so three items per second times three write capacity units equals nine write capacity units. Leads are trickier because DynamoDB offers two different types of reads. So with strongly consistent reads, DynamoDB is going to return the latest data guaranteed. It reads from the primary node and ensures that all of the writes have been applied. So if there are writes that are being replicated across multiple nodes, you're always going to get the latest data with a strongly consistent read. So that avoids those potential consistency problems that we've talked about in prior lessons. However, it costs twice as much as an eventually consistent read. And so because of that, eventually consistent reads are the default. This is the default mode where when a read occurs, it might potentially return slightly stale data for a brief moment after a write. We're talking about a few milliseconds here. So if some data gets written to your DynamoDB table and then you go to read that data within a millisecond or two, there's a chance you might get data from one of those partitions, one of those nodes that hasn't been updated yet. Um, but like I said, it's cheaper. You get two eventually consistent reads for every read capacity unit. You only get one strongly consistent read per read capacity unit. So the strongly consistent reads are much more expensive. They're twice the price of an eventually consistent read. And so let's do a little bit of math again here. Each read capacity unit equals one strongly consistent read per second. For a maximum size of four kilobytes or a read capacity unit can equal two. Eventually, consistent reads per second for items up to four kilobytes. So let's go through a few examples like we did with write capacity units. Okay. For our first example we are going to perform 12 strongly consistent reads per second. Remember each strongly consistent read equates to one read capacity unit, and each item is going to be four kilobytes in size. So each read capacity unit can support four kilobytes of data. So it's going to be 12 times 112 times one read capacity unit. We need a total of 12 read capacity units. Let's take a look at one that's a little bit more complex. Let's say you're going to perform 20 eventually consistent reads per minute. Now remember each read capacity unit supports two eventually consistent reads. So we're going to divide 20 by two to get ten here. Right. Because we can do two eventually consistent reads per read capacity unit. Each item is ten kilobytes in size. We're going to round up to four kilobytes. So we're going to actually say that each item is 12kB in size. So 12kB divided by four kilobytes per read capacity unit equals three. Ten times three is 30 read capacity units. That's the necessary capacity to handle that many reads. Let's do one more. Just to drive this home. We're going to perform eight strongly consistent reads per second. Each item is seven kilobytes in size, but we need to round up to the nearest four. So we're going to say that each item is actually eight kilobytes in size for purposes of our read capacity units. Because we are doing strongly consistent reads, we don't divide by two. Each strongly consistent read is one read capacity unit. We're going to take our eight kilobyte items. Divide them by four because we get four kilobytes per RCU to determine how many rcus we require. And what we come up with is eight times two equals 16 read capacity units required to perform these read operations. So with these provisioned capacity options, you kind of have a very strict limitation on the number of reads and writes that can occur per second. Now let's say that you start to exceed those those parameters momentarily. So let's say if you have provisioned your read and write capacity units. But if you go over that, if you start pushing more reads or more writes towards that DynamoDB table. DynamoDB will actually allow you to burst beyond your limits using a burst capacity pool. But if you exceed that burst capacity pool for too long, you'll get an error. A provisioned throughput exceeded exception error. That'll basically mean your app is is reading or writing too fast for the provisioned limits. And you can resolve this using exponential backoff. So basically telling your application, hey, when we get this error just wait. And if we get it again, wait even longer. And if we get it again wait even longer. Or we could enable autoscaling on our DynamoDB table. And then we would never run into this problem. Or maybe we need to redesign our partition keys to spread load more evenly. So let's think about that one for a moment. How does DynamoDB spread the workload across multiple partitions? Right. We already know that DynamoDB splits your table into multiple partitions, and each partition stores a portion of your data. So when you read or write data, DynamoDB uses a hash function on your partition key to decide which partition to use. So if you provision ten read capacity units and ten write capacity units, DynamoDB creates ten partitions. Each one of those partitions is going to get one read capacity unit and one write capacity unit. But let's say that one of those partitions is a very popular key. Like let's say for example, you are using um author as a partition key for books, and maybe one author has written a lot of books. So one of those partitions might be seeing more traffic than the other partitions. That's called a hot partition. And this can create a throttling situation, a situation where you don't have enough throughput, even though the overall throughput of your DynamoDB table is actually fine. This one partition is getting overwhelmed. So just imagine like a three lane highway and everybody's trying to get into the right hand lane and you have two other lanes that are wide open, right. That's kind of like having a hot partition. We're funneling all of the traffic, or I should say, a large portion of the traffic into a limited set of partitions. That's creating the problem. So that's why it's so critical to choose a really unique value, what we call a high cardinality partition key, because that's going to help distribute the load evenly across all of the partitions. So that's provision capacity mode. Now we can circle back to on demand which is our much more simple option. Um on demand mode is much simpler. You don't have to set, read or write capacity units. You don't have to plan or manage capacity. DynamoDB will just scale automatically and charge you for every successful read or write request. And the terminology changes a little bit here. Um, you're going to be billed in terms of read request units and write request units. It's basically the same thing as read capacity and write capacity units, just in a little bit of a different terminology. So on demand is perfect for things like unpredictable workloads. Or maybe you've got a new application where you don't know what the traffic patterns are going to be. Or maybe you've got event driven systems, for example, like lambda triggers that are going to create these read and write operations on your DynamoDB table when you don't really know what you're going to need. On demand is a great option to have. But just keep in mind, although it's more convenient, it is much more expensive 2.5 times more expensive than provisioned mode. So that's how DynamoDB handles read and write capacity. There's two different models, two completely different mindsets provisioned and on demand.