In this hands on demo, we're going to learn a little bit about the API calls that are used in the background when you're working with a DynamoDB table. Some of these are really important for certification purposes. So especially if you are pursuing the AWS Certified Developer Associate exam, this is going to be critical information for you. Even if you're not, though, you're going to learn a few handy things about how to work with DynamoDB console, how to perform queries, and some of the API stuff that's happening in the background. So let's kick things off by going back to the DynamoDB dashboard. And I am going to go to tables, and I'm going to once again click on my books table. And so I've got a table that already exists here. And from the top menu here we're just going to choose Explore Table Items. So this is where I'm going to be able to view the data in my database. I'm going to be able to run queries against it and perform different operations. Those operations directly map to Dynamo DB's APIs, right? So when you're using the AWS console, you're basically just issuing API calls in the background. Everything you click, everything you do in this console is interpreted as an API call. So for example let's run a scan operation. So this is going to perform a scan API call. It's going to read every item in the table and return them to the client. So here you can see we can click on scan. And we can we can filter this if we want to based on these filters here. So we can filter it based on attribute names or things like that. We're just going to scan the entire database, everything in the table, and we'll hit run here. And so this is a simple API call. If you have a really large table this is going to be pretty inefficient. But it basically is performing a full read of your entire DynamoDB table. You've already seen this one. We can click on Create Item. And we are going to now create a new item in our table. What's happening in the background is this is a put item API call. So for example, if I create a new book ID called book 003 and I can add additional attributes to that. So for example I can add an author and whatever I want to put here. The point is when I create this new item we are now issuing a put item API call to the DynamoDB service, so it's going to create a new item in the table. Now let's use the Get Item API. So let's click on this new item that I just created here. And when I click on it it's going to get that item. So when I click on my newly created item it's going to open this little item editor and display the contents of that item in the background. A Get Item API call is issued to DynamoDB. Okay. So now we're going to use the Update Item API. And so we're still in this exact same item. Here we have the ability to edit it. I had a little typo before I had a capital A in my author field. So I'm just going to change that. And I'm just going to give a random name to the author here. Let's go ahead and change the name of the author. Let's hit save and close. And now you can see that the author of that book has been updated in the background. This is an update item API call. Okay, so now let's try a query. Let's click up here under query and under partition key. I'm just going to put in book 003. And then we can run this query. And it should find the item that matches that query. This is the query API. So unlike scan this query is using the partition key index to locate the data that matches that query. Okay. So now let's try a little bit of a different query here. We're going to go back to tables. And in a prior demo I created a table called Book Reviews. And one of the important things about this book reviews table all is that we had not only a partition key, but we also had a sort key here as well. So let's try running a query with not only a partition key, but with a key condition expression with a sort key as well. And so I'm going to go to query here under partition key I'm going to search for book 001. And under short key I can search for all sorts of things. So let's imagine for example in this scenario that the sort key was a date like a timestamp. Well I could search for greater than or equal to. Or maybe I only want to see review scores that are are lower than a four. Well, I could do less than or equal to four for a number here. Now in my case, the sort key is simply a review ID, right? So for example review 001. So that's what I'm going to use in my query. And it should just return this first result here. Right. It should only return review 001 for book 001. So when I run this query there you can see the results. But I could do other things right if I made my sort key the rating instead. Let me go ahead and reset this. And if I made my my sort key the rating instead of um, the the review id, then I could potentially run queries and just view the reviews that are above or below a certain value. And then finally, the last API I want to show you is the batch right item API. So I'm just going to do select all items here. I'm going to select all of the items in my table. And I'm going to go to actions. And I'm going to choose delete items, and I'm going to have to confirm that that is a batch right item operation, which can include multiple delete item requests. So doing these batch operations is more efficient if you have, you know, large numbers of items that you want to insert or delete. However, you know, if you want to delete the entire table, then doing that using a batch operation really isn't the best way to go. You should just drop the entire table. And if I want to do that, if I want to drop an entire table, I can go over here to tables. I can pick one of my tables and I can just choose delete and delete will get rid of that entire table for me. So that's a summary of some of the key API calls that you need to be familiar with. If you're going for your AWS Certified Developer Associate certification.