So we talked about types of data. The exam guide also wants you to know about the properties of data. And it calls these the three V's volume, velocity and variety. I've also heard that there's a fourth V in a lot of texts that you might encounter. That's veracity. But the exam guide talks about three. So we're just going to focus on volume velocity and variety here. And we'll we'll ignore veracity for now. Volume is exactly what it sounds like. How much data are we talking about. So what's the amount or size of the data that you're dealing with here at any given time. And this might affect your decisions of how you store and handle that data. Right. So maybe it could be gigabytes of data. It could be petabytes of data. Understanding that will again give you different challenges in how to store and process and analyze that information. So you know, if you need to, for example, import a bunch of data from on premises into AWS. The amount of data we're talking about might influence your decision of, well, do I just upload this all over the internet using the console? Or do I call in an AWS snowmobile and actually physically transport this on physical media? Things like that, right. Some examples. Let's say that you're a social media platform. Hmm. Well, I'm not sure how much longer they'll be popular for. They seem to be on the decline, but I won't editorialize here. But that might be an example of having terabytes of data every day from people posting stuff and posting images and posting videos. So high volume there. How do you store it all? How do you access it all? You know, obviously you need some way of accessing that information and querying it and analyzing it at scale in some distributed manner. Maybe you have a retailer that's collecting several years worth of transaction data. If it's a big enough retailer, maybe that's several petabytes of information, right? So if you're dealing with big data that comes with big problems, you need to think about distributed systems that can process and, uh, move things around in parallel, as opposed to maybe just having a single monolithic standalone relational database. But, you know, if it's not a lot of data, then maybe that's the right decision. Volume plays a role into your decisions on how you create your data engineering pipelines. Second V is velocity. And again, it's what it sounds like referring to the speed at which new data is generated, collected and processed. So, you know, are you going to be able to deal with this information in a batch manner, or do you need to stream it and process it in real time continuously? If it's high velocity, you might need real time or near real time processing capabilities. And that real time versus near real time is a nuance that the exam loves to dig in on. You know, often that's in the context of do I choose Kinesis Data Streams versus Kinesis Data Firehose? For a given application, a rapid ingestion and processing can be critical for certain applications as well. So again, making the decision as to whether or not you process this information in a batch manner at the end of the day, or if you're always continuously processing it in real time as it's received. Some examples, sensor data from Internet of Things devices that might be streaming and readings every millisecond. Uh, AWS, by the way, seems to be backing off of the whole IoT topic on the exam. So, um, don't spend too much time thinking about IoT in specific, but this is just one example of a streaming data application. Maybe a more relevant example would be a high frequency trading system Right? So people are trading stocks and every millisecond counts there. You know, you want to make sure you get the right order of transactions there, and things are processed right away and in a consistent manner. The last fee that we're going to talk about is variety. And this just gets back to our types of data lesson that we had earlier. So what kind of data are we dealing with. What's its structure. What's its source. Is it structured, semi-structured or unstructured. And where is it coming from? It might be coming from multiple sources, and maybe each source has its own format that you have to deal with. Some examples. Maybe we have a business analyzing data from relational databases, which is structured data. Emails that are unstructured, and JSON logs which are semi-structured. How do you blend all this stuff together? Or maybe a health care system collecting data from electronic medical records, health devices or patient feedback forms? Again, the variety of data that you're dealing with might influence how you choose to store this information. And maybe you store it in more than one place. But you need a a unified solution for querying that data across all of these data stores that are specializing in different formats of data that are coming from the variety of data that you have. So that's the three V's volume, velocity, and variety. Remember that for the exam.