Let's touch on a more recent buzzword in the world of data engineering, and that's a data mesh. The exam might expect you to know what this term means, at least, if not in more depth. It's not really about technology so much. It's more about organization and the management and how you structure, access and ownership of data within a larger organization. So it's more about governance and organization than actual technologies. The idea, though, is that individual teams own their own data. So if a given team or department or whatever it is in your organization is an expert in a certain type of data, or they collect that data or that's their responsibility, they are responsible for maintaining that data and also offering it as a data product to other organizations, other teams, other departments within the larger organization. So it's sort of a decentralized world where data is owned by the teams that know the most about that data. But there's some central organizing principles on how that data is accessed and governed. Right now, outside of each data domain, which might be a specific team that owns a specific set of data products, there might be use cases around the organization that need to tap into that data. So maybe there's someone outside of that specific team that needs to do an analysis that involves data products from multiple data domains. That is a use case that might connect within multiple data domains to the data products that are offered by those domains. So people with a use case for a data analysis problem don't need to go and hit the raw data for everything. They can just hit these data products that are exposed by individual data domains. This is sometimes called domain based data management. It's not too surprising that this has caught on and gotten some traction within Amazon because, well, this is how Amazon itself has been structured internally. For as long as I remember. They've always had this decentralized approach where they have a set of governing principles, but individual teams own their own stuff for the most part. However, you do need to have federated governance with central standards. So each one of these domains is responsible for maintaining the integrity and security of that data and making sure that access controls are in place as appropriate by applying central standards to it And also Amazon of course, loves this concept because AWS is a good solution for implementing a data mesh, right? So you can imagine using something like lake formation to organize how this data is actually managed and stored and accessed, and also to manage the permissions to that different data from different groups. Right. And maybe AWS glue is used as a centralized data catalog so people can see what data products are out there. It also calls for self-service tooling and infrastructure. So it it assumes that these different domains are not left to fend for themselves entirely, that there is some sort of infrastructure in place for them to build these data products on top of. And again, that's where AWS might come in. Data lakes, data warehouses, S3 glue, lake formation, whatever it might be, could be a part of a data mesh. But a data mesh is more about the data management paradigm. You know, the higher level concerns about who owns the data, who maintains it, how is that accessed? How is that distributed throughout a larger organization? It does not prescribe a specific technology or architecture, but AWS could be one of them.