So we talked about ETL in the context of data warehouses and extracting, transforming and loading data into a data warehouse. Let's just dive more into what each one of those letters really means. So again, ETL extract transform and load. And for a data lake it would be ELT just switching those last two around. But the letters mean the same thing in either case. E is for extract. And that's retrieving your raw data from wherever it comes from. We'll talk more about data sources in a moment, but that might be an external database. It might be some customer relationship management system like Salesforce. It might be flat files like a log file somewhere. Right. It could be API's into some other system entirely or maybe some other data repository. So your data is probably coming from many places. You need to know how to interface with that information and extract it into your data warehouse. You also need to make sure that we're not missing or corrupting our data along the way. So you need to ensure data integrity while it's being extracted. What happens if one of your API calls to extract data fails? Do you retry it? How often do you retry? What are your policies there? It can get a little bit niggly, and you need to think about the velocity of that data to getting back to that concept of the three V's. Are you going to extract this data in real time as it's made in real, near real time? You know, within a few minutes, or maybe just in a batch fashion once a night or once a week. Depends on your requirements, right? So you need to understand how the state is going to be generated, how it's going to be queried, and what the requirements are surrounding that before you make your decisions on how that extraction works. Moving on to the T transform. This is where we convert the extracted raw data into a format suitable for our target data warehouse. Now again with the data warehouse we're going to do that upfront with a data lake. Maybe we're doing that transformation more on demand toward the end. In either case, what do we mean by transform? We can mean many things. Multiple things. In fact, we need to cleanse that data, right. So maybe we have some bad data. Maybe there's errors in it that we need to fix. Maybe there's duplicate data that we need to remove. Maybe there's missing data that we need to impute. We might need to enrich that data somehow. Maybe add in additional data from other sources before we actually write it. So we might need to combine two extractions together to do the transform we want. A very common transform is changing the format. So something you see all the time is maybe your dates are stored as raw strings in some format, but you need to actually transform that into a date time format under the hood. Right. So a very common format change there. Just, you know, in general, you tend to be dealing with text data a lot. And sometimes you need to transform that into integers, binary data, whatever it might be for machine learning, maybe you even need to one hot encode it, but I'm not going to go there right now. Aggregations or computations. Maybe we need to calculate totals or averages instead of or in addition to the raw data. You know we might need to encode or decode the data. Maybe it's coming to you in some weird format that you need to first decrypt or decode before you can actually write it into the format that you want. Pretty common for stuff to come across a zipped up or in some columnar format, or whatever. Or maybe you need to encode it into a columnar format to ultimately store it where you want it to go. And missing data is a very common problem as well. Um, again, comes down to your requirements. You know, if you do have a requirement that a given column does not have any null values, then you've got to figure out how you're going to deal with that. Are you going to just drop rows that have missing values? Are you going to impute some sort of placeholder information there? Do you create a report that says, hey, I rejected all this information. Go deal with it. Again, depends on your requirements. Finally, the Ell load that's moving your transformed data into the target data warehouse or repository in the case of a data warehouse. And that can be done again in batches all at once, or streaming in real time as data becomes available again, comes down to your to the volume of data that you're talking about and the velocity of the data, what your requirements are for actually analyzing that data and extracting meaning from it. And like we had to ensure data integrity in the extraction phase. We also need to ensure data integrity during the load phase. Sometimes disk writes fail you know, sometimes things get backed up. You need to watch out for those cases and deal with it. You don't want to just be dropping data on the floor and not knowing about it while you're loading it into your data warehouse. We also need to manage these pipelines. So as you can imagine, we've talked about a lot of stuff, a lot of steps. Something needs to orchestrate all of it. Something needs to make sure that it all happens in the right order and happens on the right schedule. Right. So we need to automate these pipelines in some reliable way. AWS offers a lot of services to do that. AWS glue being one of them that can automatically do ETL or ELT on data as it's received. And in response to events of that data coming in. And at a higher level, we have orchestration services such as EventBridge, Amazon managed workflows for Apache Airflow. AWS Step Functions, Lambda, and workflows within AWS glue. We will dive into those in much more depth later in the course. So right now I'm just trying to get those ideas into your head and understanding how these services fit in to the broader problem of ETL pipelines.