These exams love to give you scenarios of when things go wrong and how to fix them. So let's spend a little bit of time talking about troubleshooting steps for various Kinesis Data Stream issues you might run into. Let's start with the performance on the producer end. So let's say that we have writes being too slow from my data stream producer. There's a few causes of that. One might be that you're encountering service limits. You might just want to check for throughput exceptions to see if that's what's happening. If so, the exceptions might point you toward what the problem is. So different calls have different limits, and you might just be exceeding those limits. There are also shard level limits for reads and writes that you might be exceeding. We talked about those earlier and some operations have stream level limits as well. So for create stream list streams and describe streams at the stream level, the rate limits on that are anywhere between 5 and 20 calls per second. Also you might be encountering hot shards you know data skew. We talked about that way back in the first section. So maybe that's what's going on. Maybe you need a better partition key to better evenly distribute your puts across the shards. Maybe you have a hot shard that's slowing things down when you're producing. If you have a large producer, it can help to batch things up. So you can use the Kinesis Producer library with the Put Records API to batch up multiple records together and send them all together at once. That can be a lot more efficient. Or maybe aggregate your records into larger files and then send those larger files across instead of individual records. Smaller producers like an app. A same advice applies with put records. You can also use something called Kinesis Recorder in the AWS mobile SDK to do that automatically. Some other issues you might see with producers. If you're getting 500 or 503 errors back, that usually indicates that you're seeing Amazon Kinesis exceptions more than 1% of the time. The way to deal with that is to implement a retry mechanism so that you don't just fail, you try it again until it works. You might be seeing connection errors from Flink to Kinesis. If so, that could point to a network issue or not enough resources in the Flink environment. Or could also be a VPC misconfiguration. Maybe you just can't get from Flink to Kinesis because they're in different VPC subnets, or you're not using VPC peering. If you're seeing timeout errors from Flink to Kinesis, connections are okay, but timeouts are happening. Well, you can just increase the timeout with the request timeout setting. You can also set a higher queue limit on the Flink Kinesis producer. And you might be seeing throttling errors coming in. If so, check for Hot Shards again using enhanced monitoring at the shard level to see what's going on. You can also check your logs for what's called micro spikes, where you're seeing these sudden bursts of traffic that you can't handle. Or you might be seeing obscure metrics that are breaching their limits that can point to those sorts of micro spikes. You can also try a different partitioning strategy, try a random partition key, or just try to improve the keys distribution again. It could be hot shards. And if you do have data skew going on a different partition key is a way to try to address that. You can also implement an exponential backoff mechanism. So if you are hitting throttling limits, then you can have a system that automatically backs off on the producer side until things get caught up. And you can just do a old school rate limiting as well. Make sure that you're never sending more than a given rate. That's more than you can handle. Let's also look at the consumer side and some issues you might see on the consumer end. If I'm seeing records getting skipped with Kinesis Client Library, that might mean I need to check for unhandled exceptions on process records. If I'm seeing records in the same shard processed by more than one processor, that might indicate that failover is happening on the record processor workers and I might need to adjust that failover time. One way of dealing with that as well, is to handle shutdown methods that come in with a reason zombie, that that is what happens when you're seeing things being processed by more than one thing. If my reads are just too slow, I can increase the number of shards that's kind of the basic thing to do. Or it might be that my max records per call is too low. It could also just be that your code is too slow. So to see if your code on the consumer side is the bottleneck, just test an empty processor versus your own and see if that performs better. Getrecords might be returning empty results for you. On the consumer side, it turns out that's totally normal. Just keep calling Getrecords. There are situations where data just won't be ready yet, so don't worry about that. If your shard iterator is expiring unexpectedly, that might indicate that you need more write capacity on the shard table in DynamoDB under the hood. And finally, if record processing is falling behind, that one way to buy some time is to increase the retention period while you're trying to figure out the real issue. But usually that points to a problem with insufficient resources. So monitor that using the Getrecords iterator age milliseconds metric and the millis behind latest metric. While you're trying to figure out what that resource limitation might be. Some other issues on the consumer side, maybe your Lambda function isn't getting invoked. That's usually a permissions issue on the execution role. So go check your IAM permissions on the Lambda function to make sure Kinesis can talk to it. Your function might also be timing out, so check the max execution time on that lambda function. Make sure it's large enough to handle what you need to do. You could be breaching the concurrency limits on your Lambda function, and keep an eye on the iterator age metric to see whether the lambda is getting backed up or not. You might also be seeing read provisioned throughput exceeded exceptions coming in. On the consumer side, that indicates that throttling is happening. You might need to reshard your stream in response to that, or reduce the size of the getrecords requests. This is also a situation where enhanced fan out can help, so that might make for a good exam question. I'm seeing. Read provisioned throughput exceeded exceptions. What might be a way of dealing with that? One of those answers might be use enhanced fan out. You can also use retries and exponential backoff to try to settle at a better throughput rate that you can handle. A few more here. If you're seeing high latency on the consumer side, you can monitor that with getrecords latency and iterator age while you're trying to figure out what's going on and troubleshoot it. But the first thing to try is just increasing the number of shards you might not have enough, and also increase the retention period to make sure things don't get dropped. Check the CPU and memory utilization. You might need more memory to handle things more quickly. Again, if you're seeing 500 errors, that's the same thing as on the producer side. It indicates you're getting a high exception rate of more than 1%. All you can do there is make sure that you have a retry mechanism so that if you're getting an exception, you're trying again. Instead of just getting a 500 and you can see a blocked or stuck KCL application on the consumer side. If so, you might need to optimize your process records method and make it faster. You might need to increase your max leases per worker, or you might need to enable KCL debug logs to see what's going on in more depth and figure out what the underlying issue really is.