Let's talk a bit about Kinesis Data Analytics, which is being supplanted by something called managed service for Apache Flink. It's just a way of querying streams of data and processing those streams along the way. So historically, we had something called Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics, and that would ingest data from Kinesis Data Streams or Kinesis Data Firehose, perform some sort of transformation on it as the stream was being received, and then feed that transformed data into some analytics tools or some downstream destination. Right? So it's basically a way of doing streaming ETL. Now, these days, all that's left of it is called Kinesis Data Analytics for SQL applications. And this allows us to apply SQL operations to that stream as it goes through. And I wouldn't be surprised if this gets deprecated really soon. So I'm not too sure I would expect to see this on the exam because I think it's on its last legs. But the way it worked conceptually was this. So you could have data coming in from a data stream or data firehose, and you could also have what's called reference tables that are hosted in S3. That's kind of a way of doing a really inexpensive join. I'll talk about that more in a second. But anyway, you can apply these SQL transformations from Kinesis Data Analytics for SQL on that input stream. So you just give it a SQL command and it will apply that as data is received and spit that back out to your output streams and also to an error stream if you want as well. That output stream, which can be Kinesis Data Streams or Data firehose, can then go on to be stored in Amazon S3 or to be queried by something like Amazon Redshift. Now, that reference table thing is kind of an important thing. It's basically a way to have quick lookups, right. So for example, let's say I want to look up the city associated with a zip code. I might have that mapping just stored in S3, which is a very simple and inexpensive way of providing that data to my SQL query. I would just use a join command within that query to reference that external reference table that's just sitting in S3. So we can also pair Kinesis Data Analytics with Lambda functions. It doesn't just have to go to a stream directly. You can also send it to Lambda, which gives you even more flexibility for post-processing. I can aggregate rows together. I can translate it to another format. I can transform the data further and enrich it. I can even encrypt it if I want to, and I can also talk to other services and other destinations. So that allows me not just to talk to things like S3 and redshift. I could also go to DynamoDB, Aurora, SNS, SQS, CloudWatch, whatever Lambda can talk to, which is pretty much everything these days. However, the hotness is managed service for Apache Flink and this has kind of a long history with AWS. Originally this was called Kinesis Data Analytics for Java, then they renamed it to Kinesis Data Analytics for Apache Flink, which is what it's called now. Under the hood though, Kinesis Data Analytics always used Apache Flink. So they're kind of just being more transparent with what it's doing. And instead of presenting it as sort of a unique tool, they're saying, well, what we're giving you is just a managed environment for an open source tool that's integrated with AWS. That's kind of the trend with AWS these days, and it's no longer restricted to Java. It now supports Python and Scala to Flink, by the way, is just a framework for processing data streams, which is why it was always the underlying technology for Kinesis Data Analytics. They're just not hiding that anymore basically. so managed service for Apache Flink integrates Flink with AWS. So instead of using SQL like we saw earlier, you can develop your entire your own entire Flink application from scratch and load that into managed service for Apache Flink from S3. So basically you develop a Flink application that does whatever you want to your streaming data. You load that application into S3 and then you say, hey, managed service for Apache Flink. Here's my Flink application in S3. Go load it up and host it for me. You deal with managing that service so I don't have to. And in addition to the data stream API for dealing with streaming data, there's also a table API for SQL access. So that's why I think the data analytics for SQL is probably going bye bye, because you can do the same thing with Apache Flink using that table API instead of the data stream API. How does this look conceptually? Oh yeah, it's serverless obviously, because it's managed right. That goes without saying. So we have what's called Flink sources. And in the context of AWS that might be a Kinesis data stream coming in or it might be Amazon managed streaming for Apache Kafka coming in as well. If you have Kafka coming in as a source, that gets piped into the managed service for Apache Flink, where our actual Flink application is doing something, in this case using the data Stream API to operate on Kinesis or MSK. And again, that actual application is loaded in through S3. Once your application does whatever it needs to do, it can go on and talk to other Amazon services. These are Flink sinks that might be S3, Kinesis Data Streams or Kinesis Data Firehose for outputting that transformed streaming data. Some common use cases streaming ETL. You know we talked about that already. If you want to do that. Extraction, transforming and loading on the fly as data is received, a Flink application can do that for you. You can also use it for continuous metric generation. So if I want to monitor a stream of data and keep a real time tally of how things are going, that might be another application of it. Responsive analytics kind of the same idea. So you know, if I want real time analytics of who's hitting my website or whatever, that might be a way of implementing that as well.