Hey, Frank. Here, let's take a look at managed service for Apache Flink. I'm just going to give you kind of a tour of their built in demo here, to give you a feel of what it can do and what it's all about. Now, before you dive in yourself, I do want to warn you, this is not free. There is no free tier component of this thing. So you can see down here in the pricing section, the Kinesis processing units involved cost money. The storage costs money, backups cost money, it all costs money. And this is also one of those services in AWS where if you're not careful to shut it down in just the right way, you're going to have ongoing expenses from Kinesis Streams that are running in the background and CloudFormation stacks that are running in the background. So it is very easy to end up with a surprise bill at the end of the month if you're not careful here, so I would recommend just watching the video instead of following along hands on if you do want to avoid being charged any money. But if you're brave and you're careful, go ahead. So let's get started. Here you can see there's two options. You can have a streaming application. So if you have a bit of Flink code that you wrote offline in an IDE or something, that is how you would go about uploading the jar file of that code and actually running that within the Amazon managed service for Apache Flink. Studio notebooks are also a newer option there. You can actually just query your data using a notebook interface as well. For this demo I'm going to stick with streaming applications though. But notebooks are a choice, so remember that. Let's go ahead and create a streaming application. And you can see you have some choices here. You can create them from scratch and do it the hard way. Or you can use a blueprint and kind of cheat and do it the easy way. So if you're doing it from scratch, you can see you can specify all this stuff. You'll have the ability to configure it however you want, call it whatever you want, and set up all sorts of stuff for how you're actually going to deploy this information. But under a blueprint, it's a lot simpler. It just gives you something that's ready to go that you can just modify. So if you do have a common use case, we're going to go with a blueprint. And you can see there's a couple that are built in here right now. By default it takes you to the newer one for doing vector embeddings. That's very useful for creating embedding vectors for generative AI purposes. So so without getting into the whole world of retrieval, augmented generation and knowledge bases and bedrock and all that stuff. Suffice it to say, one application of this would be to stream in data and then store them in a data store that can be used for generative AI purposes very quickly. We're not going to do that, though. We're going to go with the other one here. That's a little bit easier to wrap your head around at this point in the course. And that's just going to be real time data processing using Kinesis Data Stream. So in this choice here I'm choosing that blueprint instead. That's going to take me from data streams to my managed service for Apache Flink and then ultimately into an Amazon S3 destination. So this is all stuff we can wrap our heads around at this point in the course. You can see here you can change the application name if you want to. We are just deploying the built in demo here. So I'm just going to let it do its thing here and deploy those names with whatever it wants. And you can see that under the hood it's going to select Flink version 1.2. The data stream is going to set up is Flink demo, whatever that is stream. I'm sure your numbers will be different. And it's going to dump it into an S3 bucket called that, which again for you will be slightly different. All right. So let's go ahead and deploy the blueprint. Whoop. And now you can see that it's kicked off cloud formation to actually do that. And there's a couple of different stacks being created here. One is the bootstrap stack. And then there's the actual demo stack itself. We can click off to this to monitor its progress. And that will take us off to cloud formation. And we can wait for that to be done. So this will take a few minutes. I will come back when these two stacks are complete. All right. Those stacks have completed. You can see I now have two of them, the bootstrap stack and the actual demo stack itself. Let's click on the top one there for the actual stack. And let's see what we got here. If we click on the demo stack and go to resources we can see what it actually made. So we got some log groups. The log stream. We got a Kinesis stream that's the source of that data. And we also have our managed service for Apache Flink MSF application running as well. So cool. It's doing something. So let's go back to our Flink page here. And you can see here it's throwing thrown us right into where we can look at the actual S3 bucket associated with this application. Let's go ahead and open that up. So that took us to the actual jar file itself. Let me go up one level to see what else is in this bucket. So yeah, that's the jar file that I created for this demo. And if you wanted to have your own data processing application that you wrote yourself, this is where you would put it. So that jar file is the actual Flink code that managed service for Apache Flink is wrapping and running on top of. And also you can see that we have a folder here for the output data. Let's go ahead and explore that as well. And we have multiple parts potentially in this case we just have these two parts for this particular timestamp. Let's go ahead and explore one of them. So basically as the state is streaming in it's being split up into chunks just like you would expect. And from here, if you wanted to explore that data and kind of see what's in within it, you could go to Object Actions and go to query with S3 select. However they are deprecating S3 select, so I'm not going to go there. The right way to do it these days would be using Athena or something like that to actually query this data interactively. So but trust me, there's valid data in there. Now if we go back to our Flink page here, let's go up a level to our application. And you can see from the dashboard here that our demo is running right now. That means we have a stream running a Kinesis data stream, as well as managed service for Apache Flink dumping into S3. This all costs money, remember? So um, if you are following along, make sure you don't quit prematurely. And if we click into that, we can explore this a little bit more deeply. Let's go down here. We can see information about its status when it was updated and what not. And more interestingly, if we go down to the bottom here, we have some monitoring data that we can look at. So we can actually take a look at its CPU utilization, uh, any failures that might be happening. A lot of data here about how it's actually running within CloudWatch metrics. Of course, you can also explore the logs directly if you're so inclined and need to do some troubleshooting. Right now, there's no data there yet if you go to snapshots, you can actually have a snapshot to back up the application state. If you need to get back to an earlier state at some later point. Configuration is where things get interesting. So here you can actually set up all the runtime properties and where the destination is for the data that is going into S3 or what have you. I'm not going to go into details here, but this is where you would tweak everything to meet your needs. Also, you can have tags associated with it if you wanted to, and you can have versioning support as well. And there's a new operations tab too here as well. Just giving you sort of a peek at what's been going on at an operational level. So we did start our application. And if you wanted to click into that event you could do so and get more information about it. So that's the dashboard there. Also if you want to get into the code you can link off to GitHub here to see the actual code that it's running. If you wanted to build on that or extend it or change it. So here is the built in Flink application that goes from Kinesis Data Streams to S3. So if you want to learn more about what's going on under the hood there and maybe build that and extend upon it. This is where you would go. So you know the actual code is going to live in here. And of course, you could go ahead and take a copy of that, branch it off to whatever you want with it and make it fit your own needs. So this is just a starting point for you to begin with. Let's go back to Flink and go back up to our actual demo application here. Another thing to look at is the Apache Flink dashboard. So if you are familiar with Apache Flink UI as opposed to AWS, that is an option for you as well. We can click through to that and see some interesting stuff. All right. So there's our one job that's running. You can see that it is currently running. It's been running for about nine minutes now. Let's go ahead and drill into that. And from here we can get some slightly more useful information I think. So you can see graphically here what's going on. We have our Kinesis data Stream source going into our S3 file sync writer through Flink. And we can actually see some interesting stats down here. So we can see that it's actually processed already 10,000 records Presumably that was what was in our demo data set there, amounting to 516kB of total data. So if you did want to drill more into the Flink UI for what's going on, that is available to you as well as part of MSF, and that is pretty cool. All right. Let's go ahead and get out of that. So that's managed Apache Flink in a nutshell. We do need to be careful to shut everything down though. Or else we will be charged money forever until we do so. So from this dashboard screen here we can go to actions and go ahead and stop this application. We definitely want to do that. However that is not enough. So even though I've stopped my Flink demo application here, I still have that Kinesis data stream running. So let's go ahead and click on that for example, just to drive home the point. And if we go to data streams you can see that we do in fact still have this stream. And that is going to cost me money for as long as it's running, even if I'm not using it. So it's not enough just to stop it. We have to go back here and well, is it actually done stopping yet? it. Let's let it finish first. So I'll come back when that's done. All right. That took about a minute, but it did successfully stop eventually. And now we want to actually go to actions and delete the whole dang thing. Now if you were rolling your own system here from scratch, this is where you would delete the entire application. You would click on to delete only and then type in delete. However, this is warning us that in fact there is other stuff that needs to be deleted as well. So we actually need to go to both of these CloudFormation stacks and delete both of them in their entirety. So let's go ahead and do that. Let's start with the first one. And I'm going to go ahead and delete that. And also on the other stack that was created as well. Delete that too. And let's wait for that deletion to complete. And then we'll double check that nothing is left over. All right. My stacks are now gone. So let's go back to Kinesis and make sure that data stream is gone. It's not, folks. Yeesh, I warned you. So go ahead and make sure we delete that explicitly, or else that's going to go ahead and bill you forever. You can see that it's very easy to get into a state with AWS where you have surprise billing going on. You got to be careful, guys. All right. Delete. And that should get rid of that. Let's go back to Flink and see if we actually got rid of our application. All right. That did successfully get removed. All right. There's also still the S3 bucket that might still be around. But hey that doesn't really cost you anything or pretty minimal if it is. So I think we're in good shape here. So we made sure to delete those CloudFormation stacks. We deleted our Kinesis stream, which is most important. Let me make sure that's gone. Yep. Deleted. And we are back to normal. All right. That is managed service for Apache Flink in action for you. A little bit of a brief tour of their demo application. But again in the real world you might supply your own code to perform your own data transformations or just use their notebook interface to do it even more easily.