Okay, so a quick lecture on SQS. So as we know, SQS is serverless. It's a managed queue, and it's fully integrated with IAM for security. And the beauty is that it has extreme scale for SQS Standard. You don't need to provision anything. The main purpose to SQS is to decouple between your services to be able to scale them independently and perform some work asynchronously. SQS does not handle big messages. The max message size is 1,024 kilobytes. So in case you want to send maybe a 10-megabyte file through SQS, you would instead upload that file into Amazon S3 and then retrieve the S3 key for your object and send that through SQS instead. And then your consumer would retrieve the key and then retrieve the message from S3, and this would work just fine. So all the messages from SQS queues can be read from EC2 instances, and they could be managed by an Auto Scaling group, or it could be an AWS Lambda function using an event mapper. Another common architecture with SQS is to use it as a write buffer for DynamoDB. So instead of directly writing to DynamoDB and maybe getting some throttling issue, you would first write to SQS, and it could scale seamlessly, so you're fine. And then you would have an application dedicated to take these writes from SQS and write them into DynamoDB. Finally, there's SQS FIFO for First In and First Out. It means that the messages are received and read in the order they were sent. And then because there is this ordering constraint with FIFO, then you get 300 messages per second without batching or up to 3,000 messages per second with batching, so there is limited scale here. Now let's talk about dead-letter queues in SQS. The idea is that let's get into the scenario where a consumer fails to process a message within the Visibility Timeout period. Then we know that the message automatically goes back into the queue. So the consumer reads the message. Maybe there's a failure. Maybe we don't have enough time. The message goes back into the queue. Now if that thing happens very often, that can be a problem. For example, we read again the message, maybe there's something wrong with the message. Maybe a consumer doesn't understand the message or can't process the message. Then the message will go back into the queue, and it will happen again. We'll read the message again from SQS, and it will go again back into the queue. So we can set a threshold to how many times this can happen. And this failure loop can be a big problem, but we can set a MaximumReceives threshold. And if that threshold is exceeded, then we can tell SQS to say, "Well, this message looks a bit odd. It looks like it's being processed too many times and not successfully. Therefore, send this into a dead-letter queue." And the dead-letter queue will contain that message for later processing, and so the message will be removed from the first queue and sent into the second one. Why do we have dead-letter queues? Well, dead-letter queues are very useful for debugging, and in case a message goes in a dead-letter queue, because it is an SQS, you have to process it, but at least it gives you time to understand what is happening. A few things to notice that the dead-letter queue of FIFO queue must also be a FIFO queue, and the dead-letter queue of the Standard queue must also be a Standard queue. Finally, because we have a dead-letter queue, you need to make sure that the messages are processed before they expire from the queue. So it's a good idea to set a long time, for example, 14 days of retention, from within the dead-letter queue. And the next feature for management of your dead-letter queues are the Redrive to Source feature. So it's a feature to help you consume messages in the dead-letter queue to understand what is wrong with them. So you have your messages now. You know they haven't been processed in the source queue, and therefore, they are in the dead-letter queue, and you're going to do a manual inspection and debugging of these messages. And then you're going to fix your consumer code, understand why the message wasn't processed in case the message was correct, and then what you can do is redrive that message from the dead-letter queue into the source SQS queue. And what's going to happen with this is that the consumer can now reprocess that message without even knowing that the message went into the dead-letter queue, and then the message processing has happened. And that's a cool feature. In terms of idempotency, because messages can be processed twice by consumers in case there is a failure, a timeout, or something like this, you need to make sure that your consumers are idempotent. And what does idempotent mean? That means that if you process the same message twice, if you do the same action twice, then the effect will not be duplicated. So we'll show you an example right now. We are pulling messages from SQS, and we're doing long polling in order to minimize cost and minimize latency. And our EC2 consumer is writing into DynamoDB. After writing into DynamoDB, our EC2 consumer will delete the message from SQS so that it's not processed by another consumer. But in case something goes wrong, then your EC2 consumer will do two writes into DynamoDB because it will read the same message twice. So if you're inserting into DynamoDB a new row anytime you read from SQS, it's not an idempotent because if you read twice the same message, then you will insert two rows into DynamoDB. But if you're doing upsert into DynamoDB using a primary key, for example, then in case the message already exists in DynamoDB, it's just going to be overwritten or updated, and therefore, this is an idempotent request because there will only be one row at the end in DynamoDB, even if you read that message twice. So just remember, idempotency is very important when writing an EC2 consumer or any kind of consumer on top of SQS. Okay, now we also see that Lambda can read from SQS and using an event source mapping. And so the event source mapper will pull from SQS and return a batch and then invoke a Lambda function with that batch. And so the way the event mapper works is that it, by default, uses long polling, so it's optimized in that regards. We specify a batch size, so between one to 10 messages. If we do one messages, then we are reading as fast as we can message by message. If we're doing 10, we are going to be more efficient and then we have to configure it. So this is very simple. The event mapper says, "Which SQS queue we are reading from, and what is the batch size going to be?" Okay, the recommended value, though, for the Queue Visibility Timeout is to be 6x the timeout of your Lambda function. And that is from recommendation from the documentation. The idea is that if you are reading the same message multiple times, you want to make sure it doesn't time out in your Lambda function,. Okay, to use a dead-letter queue, you can set it up at the SQS queue level, not in Lambda. Remember, the DLQ for Lambda is only when you have asynchronous invocation. So in case you want messages that you can't process to be removed from your queue, then you need to set up a DLQ on the SQS queue itself, not the Lambda function. This will not work. Or we've seen there's a newer feature on Lambda called Lambda Destinations, in which case, using Lambda Destinations, we can have the Lambda function itself throw away these events that don't work for us into a destination, and the destination can be an SNS topic or an SQS queue, for example. Okay, one last Solution Architecture with SQS. We have our clients, and he wants to do a lot of work, but we're going to decouple things. So we're going to put these things into an SQS request queue, and there's going to be a work processor reading from that queue and doing the work. When it's done, it's going to send a message to an SQS response queue, and the clients will be reading from that queue. Why would we have such architecture? Well, we get full decoupling, so we can scale the left-hand side and the right-hand side independently. There's fault tolerance, so in case something fails in our work processor, another work processor will pick it up. And then we have load balancing, so we're able to scale horizontally in the way we are handling requests. And on top of this, SQS itself scales really well, so this is good. Just an idea of architecture, but again, SQS is really use it as you want. There's so many different architectures at SQS. It's really up to finding the question, but anytime you see some decoupling and making sure that the work can be processed at least once, then SQS is going to be a great answer. All right, that's it for this lecture. I will see you in the next lecture.