So now let's talk about Amazon MQ. So we know about SQS and SNS and they're cloud native services because they are proprietary protocols from AWS, they use their own sets of APIs. But if you were running traditional application on-premises you may use open protocols such as MQTT, AMQP, STOMP, Openwire, WSS, and when you're migrating your application to the cloud, you may not want to re-engineer your application to use the SQS and the SNS protocols or APIs. So instead you want to use the traditional protocols you used to, such as MQTT, AMQP, and so on. So for this, we can use Amazon MQ. So Amazon MQ is very simple, it's a managed message broker service for two technologies for RabbitMQ and for ActiveMQ. So RabbitMQ and ActiveMQ are for example, on premises technologies that provide you access to the open protocols I just mentioned. So then we can get a managed versions of these brokers onto the cloud thanks to Amazon MQ. So as such, you can understand the implications. First of all, Amazon MQ doesn't scale as much as SQS or SNS, which have infinite scaling. And because Amazon MQ runs on servers, you may have server issues. And so you can run Multi-AZ setup with a failover if you want to be highly available. Also, Amazon MQ comes with both a queue feature, so it looks like SQS, and topic features, it looks like SNS, as part of a single broker. So for Amazon MQ, what can you migrate from? Well, if you have IBM MQ, TIBCO EMS, RabbitMQ, or Apache ActiveMQ, they can all be migrated to Amazon MQ thanks to the compatibility in the protocols. So this is a blog you can read on the AWS blog, which just shows that you can migrate from IBM WebSphere MQ to AWS directly, by leveraging Amazon MQ instead of IBM WebSphere MQ. And this is quite interesting because in this exam you are definitely asked to consider migrations, and think of the right tool for the right type of migration you want to do. So that's it for this lecture. Very, very simple for Amazon MQ, but hopefully important, and I will see you in the next lecture.