Welcome back. From the earlier sections of the course, you will be familiar with Unity Catalog and how to work with it. So I won't repeat that here, but in this lesson I'll take you through the data governance capabilities offered by Unity Catalog. Unity catalog is a Databricks offered unified solution for implementing data governance in the Lakehouse. We've already defined what data governance is. Let's now take a look at how Unity Catalog helps implement a single unified data governance solution. In the data Lakehouse Unity catalog helps implement data governance in four key areas. Unity catalog offers data access control by restricting access to only the required users and groups. In Databricks, this means implementing access control to files stored in Data Lake, the tables created in Databricks, as well as the notebooks, dashboards, and machine learning models. Once the user is given access, we should be able to see how the user is using the data and how often and when it's being accessed. So we need some audit information of the data access to be logged and made available. Unity catalog makes the necessary audit logs available to do this. We also need to be able to identify the trustworthiness of this data. This means we need to be able to trace back the data to its source to ensure authenticity. Unity catalog provides lineage of the data both upstream and downstream in a pipeline, so that you can visually see how the data flows through and how it's transformed during its journey. It not only helps identify the authenticity of the data, but also gives us the ability to trace back to the root cause of any potential issues. Finally, if you worked in a data lake, you will appreciate the difficulty of being able to identify the right data asset for your project amongst the several thousand data assets in the data lake. Databricks makes a searchable data catalog available with the help of Unity Catalog. Before the introduction of unity catalog, enterprises were required to implement disparate solutions to secure different parts of the data and other artifacts. Also, they needed to use third party tools to implement some of these functionalities. Unity catalog brings all of this together to implement a unified data governance solution for the Data Lakehouse platform. So let's first take a look at the Data Lakehouse Platform Architecture without Unity catalog, and then talk about the capabilities added by Unity Catalog. As you can imagine, a data lake has built in Azure is more likely to have the data lake in Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2, a Databricks account will have at least one Databricks workspace. You will either have the users and groups federated from Active Directory or locally created in the workspace. We'll have clusters in the Databricks workspace to perform the compute required. If you're using Databricks SQL, you will have the SQL endpoints or the warehouses instead. The users and groups will have to be given access to the files and folders via IAM so that they can access the files. As you had seen previously, we tend to generally access the data via tables or views. This requires the tables to be registered in hive metastore, and also write access controls to be defined for the users so that they can access the data. As you can see, there are different solutions to control access to the data depending on whether the access is via tables or direct access to files. If you're on a multi-cloud platform, you will have to also control access to other cloud providers on top of this. It's extremely rare that your enterprise is using only one workspace. My experience is that clients tend to have tens of workspaces. Most of the time there is one per business unit and one per environment. For example, dev test UAT prod will have their own workspaces, so it's not uncommon to see tens of workspaces in an enterprise. When you have multiple workspaces, the users may have to be separately maintained. Also, the metadata in the hive metastore may have to be duplicated and access controls will have to be applied again. Effectively, you end up with an architecture like this. Multiple workspaces with disparate user management and metadata management amongst them. Unity catalog fixes all of this. We'll have an account level unity catalog that contains user management and the metadata management across multiple Databricks workspaces within a Databricks account. So basically users and groups and the Metastore are centralized. The workspaces will have the compute resources and they will access the unity catalog for user management and metadata management. Please don't confuse the unity catalog Metastore here with hive Metastore. The Unity Catalog Metastore is a brand new service developed by Databricks and recently open sourced. The Hive. Metastore still exists in the Databricks workspace, but the advice is not to use them on a Unity Catalog enabled workspace. They're just there for backward compatibility and to support projects migrating to unity catalog. If you are continuing to use hive Metastore, you won't get any of the new functionalities offered by Unity Catalog such as data lineage, audit, logging, etc.. By seeing this diagram, you might be thinking we'll only have one unity catalog Metastore for a Databricks account. That would be perfect. And for most of you, that will be the case. But if you are a global enterprise with your data assets spread across regions, Databricks recommends using one Metastore per region. The reasons for this recommendation is to reduce the egress costs as well as improve performance. So please create one Metastore per region and keep your Databricks workspace and the default storage in the same region to get the best performance and reduce cost. To summarize, the center of the unity catalog is the new Metastore, which is a centralized across all the workspaces. Unity catalog also offers a centralized user management and access control on not only Databricks tables, but also on file stored in cloud Object storage. These are the three key features people generally associate with Unity Catalog, but with the help of centralized Metastore, Unity Catalog also offers additional features. Data explorer provides a searchable data catalog. Also, Unity Catalog offers data lineage of both upstream and downstream datasets in a pipeline. Unity catalog also offers audit logs required to ensure that the data is used by the users in the manner you would expect them to. These features help Unity Catalog deliver a unified data governance solution which ensures availability, usability, integrity and security of your data in an enterprise. I hope you now have a good understanding about what Unity Catalog is and its capabilities. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.