Welcome back. In this lesson, I'm going to demonstrate how Unity Catalog enables data discovery, data audit and lineage. We'll look at data access control in the next lesson as it requires more explanation. Let's start with data discovery. As you can imagine, large data lake houses contain vast amounts of objects, making it very difficult to find what we need. Unity catalog enables us to catalog the objects as well as discover them when we need it. As you've seen so far, every object that we created in Databricks is cataloged in Unity Catalog and we can discover them. Also, you can add commands and tags to most of the objects in Databricks. For example, you can simply add commands or a tag to any catalog object or even compute resources. For example, if I wanted to add a comment or a tag to this table here, or the columns, I can simply go over to the table in Catalog Explorer and simply add a comment here against each of the columns are at a description to the entire table, and also I can add tags from the for the table here, or even the tags for the columns here. But once you've created the table or added the tags, there are a few ways of discovering these objects. Firstly, you can use the global search. This will find the string being searched in the entire workspace, for example notebooks, pipelines, workflows, tables, views, etc.. Let's say I want to search the word or string orders. As you can see here, it's brought up a list of results here. And they're grouped into separate categories. So we got tables. We got the bronze table sorry. Or the view here and the bronze table here and the silver table here. And also we got the notebooks which are referring to orders. And also you'll see marketplace information and the files in our volumes as well. So as you can see it does an entire search of the workspace and gives us the information that we need. And if you wanted to filter the information, what you're seeing here, you can simply filter that. For example, if I just wanted to see the tables with the name orders, I can simply click on tables and then that will just give me that information, which is brilliant. You can also search for similar sort of information within the catalog, so you can search for objects within the Catalog Explorer. The Metastore organizes all the data objects and ensures efficient data discovery from the Catalog Explorer. Again, let's say I want to search for the table or any object with the name orders. And as you can see, it's just simply showed me all the tables and views with the name orders. And you can simply navigate to those from here, which is great. So far we've been using the user interface to search for the information that we need. There is also another way of programmatically looking to discover an object. If you go over to the system catalog, you will see a schema called information schema that again contains the same information. So basically this table the tables inside the schema powers the catalog explorer. So let me go over to tables uh table here. There'll be a table called tables. And that has all the tables which are in the metastore. So if I wanted to look at some sample data I can simply look here. And as you can see it lists all the tables within this metastore. And if you wanted to query this table, you can simply query the table and search for the information that we need. You may notice that there is a schema called information schema within this system catalog. And also if you go into any of the catalogs you will see another information schema schema as well. The difference between the two is that every table you see here is actually a table. So as you can see here, columns is a table here. And that contains the metadata about each of the catalog within the meta store. But if you go over to the schema within the catalog itself, for example I'm inside the circuit box catalog and the information schema. The tables here, as you can see here, are basically views. They're not tables, but the views are restricted to include only the metadata related to the objects in this catalog. So as you can see here, the view here called columns is defined from the System Information schema dot columns table where the table catalog is circuit box. So that is my catalog name. So this is basically view a view over the system information schema tables. But restricting to show us only the objects within this catalog. That's the only difference You will see that in every catalog. And as you can see, Unity Catalog enhances date discovery in Databricks by providing powerful search capabilities in the UI as well as SQL based queries, ensuring that the data is easily accessible, well organized, and ready for consumption. So that's everything about data discovery. Let's now move on to data audit. And as we discussed, to ensure data governance and security, it's important to track how the data is accessed, who is using it and what actions are performed. Unity catalog enables audit logging, allowing administrators to monitor all activities within the Metastore. Currently in Azure Databricks, audit logging is enabled by configuring diagnostic settings in the Azure Portal, and you can send the logs to Log Analytics, Storage account, or even have etc.. Databricks is also introducing an improved audit logging solution. Currently, it is in private preview which will expose audit logs as query able tables within the system catalog here, and this will provide more accessible, structured way of monitoring data access and governance policies. And you will see a new schema called audit logs, I think, uh, which is currently in private preview. So you will be able to see that in the future at some point. And the last thing we want to talk about is data lineage. Data lineage, as we said, is the process of tracking the journey of the data from its origin through transformations to its final destination. And unity Catalog provides built in data lineage capabilities, allowing users to see how the data flows and how it's transformed and where it's used, etc.. Let me again demonstrate this with an example. Let's say I want to see the lineage for the customer order summary table that we created in our circuit box, uh, catalog under the Lakehouse schema. So let's take a look at that. So that is the gold customer order summary. And as you can see, there is when you browse any table you will see a lineage tab. So let's click on the lineage tab here. And as you can see it gives you the upstream lineage tables and the downstream lineage tables as well. So here we had three tables which uh which contributed to creating this table. Gold customer order summary which are the silver addresses and silver orders and silver customers. But you can see the full lineage graph by clicking on the button here. So which is a C lineage graph. Click on that button and you will see the Dag here. As you can see uh this table here which is a materialized view, has been created from the streaming tables which are listed here. And you can click on the plus buttons here to expand the lineage. So you can go all the way back to the files from where we took the data. So let me do that for the others as well, and I'll try to fit it into this screen and show you the entire lineage. As you can see, we've got the entire lineage of the data. So we read the files from this, these volumes. Uh, so there are three files which are the customers addresses and orders. And then we put them through streaming table in the bronze layer and then silver silver layer. And then actually we process that data into our gold layer which is really good. You can see the full lineage. You can even get column level lineage. So let me list the columns here. As you can see here we've got list of columns. But if I wanted to see the where the total order amount came from, as we know that's a combination of two columns I think, which is item quantity and price. We multiplied the two. Let me click on that. And now as you can see uh, that data has come from the Silver Orders table. And we took the item price and the item quantity to calculate the order amount. So you can go all the way back to the files as well by browsing the data, which is great. So you get end to end lineage. So let me close this and let me show you some more information. As you can see, we saw the lineage for the tables and files. But you can also look at the notebooks which produces the data. In this case it's a DLT pipeline which produced the data. So there are no notebooks. But if I go to pipelines I will see the DLT pipeline. You can clearly see which pipeline created that data as well. And let's take another example. So we can see notebooks and other information as well. So it doesn't have to be DLT pipelines for which we see in the lineage. We can even look at notebooks which are creating the tables as well. So let's take the gizmo box example where we use notebooks for everything. And let me look at the order summary monthly. And let's take a look at the lineage. As you can see, the gold order summary monthly table was created from the orders table, and you see in the lineage you will see the lineage like we saw with the other table. So as you can see, we got the full lineage here. Let me fit this into the page. And as you can see we've got the view. Uh, you can go all the way back to the volume. So from the volume we read the data, we created this view and then the tables, and we ended up with the goal table there, which is brilliant. So let me close this. And now you can look at the notebook which contributed to creating that table. So we got a upstream and a downstream dependent lineage direction here. That's because we are right in the data and reading the data back again. Similarly, if you had any workflows you will see them which are jobs and you will see pipelines and everything as well actually, which is great. So I've demonstrated the data discoverability, data auditing as well as the data lineage capabilities in this lesson. In the next lesson I'll take you through data access control. I'll see you then.