Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll take you through the unit catalog security model and how to manage access to the unit Catalog objects. Unit catalog security model allows us to secure every single object that exists in the Metastore hierarchy. Let's now take a look at who we are securing the Metastore object against. There are three types of Databricks identities you can secure the object against. The first one is users. User is someone like you and me, who logs into the user interface using the email address to interact with Databricks. The next one is service principal. Service principal in Azure or application objects created in the Active Directory. They can be considered as system users created to help with automation of tasks. As you can imagine, executing a production job using an individual user is not a good idea, as employees in an organization could leave the company at any time. So it's recommended to use service principal to run production jobs. Managing access to every user in a team can be challenging and error prone, so Databricks recommends using groups. Groups can include one or more users or service principals. It's recommended to use groups where possible to make the management of the access to the users easier. By default, Databricks employs an ACL or access control list based access model to secure the objects in unity catalog, but there are some exceptions to this for the users based on their role. So let's take a look at the role based access control first. And then we'll talk about the ACL or access control list based security model. A user in unity catalog can take one of these four roles. Account admin is the highest level user in the unity catalog. They have full access to every metastore associated to the Databricks account. They are the only ones who can create a Metastore. When a Metastore is created, they become the metastore admin of the newly created Metastore, but they can then assign another user or a group as the Metastore admin for the Metastore. Metastore admins will have similar capabilities to Account Administrator, but they'll only have access to the metastore they are administrator for, whereas Account Admin will have access to every Metastore in the Databricks account. Metastore admins will also be able to transfer ownership of the objects in the Metastore, as well as able to delete the Metastore. Each object within the Metastore has a owner. By default, the owner is the user or the service principal who created the object, but the ownership can be transferred to another user by the current owner or one of the administrators. Owners will have full access to the object without explicit permissions being granted. Finally, object users are the standard users who are not the account admin, Metastore admin, or the object owners. These will be the majority of the users in an enterprise. Databricks employs an explicit access control policy, which requires them to be granted access to the objects they need access to. So basically, they will have no access to any of the objects, and they need to be explicitly granted privileges. Let's now take a look at how to assign privileges to the standard users or the Non-admin users using access control lists or ACLs. There are different privileges available depending on the object to which the privileges are granted to, and you can assign one or more privileges to the user service principal or a group. This can be done using grant and revoke statements in SQL Catalog Explorer UI, and also the Databricks CLI and the API. The syntax for assigning privileges to an object is quite simple. As you can see, it starts with a keyword grant followed by the privilege we want to assign, and then the keyword on followed by the securable object to which the privileges are assigned. This is then followed by the keyword two. And the identity to which the privileges are assigned. The identity can be a user service principal or a group. The Securable object can be any of the objects in the unity catalog. Metastore hierarchy. Similarly, to remove a privilege that's already assigned, we can use the revoke statement as shown here. Here are a couple of examples of grant and revoke statements. As you can see, it's quite simple and easy to understand. I'll also take you through the Catalog Explorer UI shortly, but before that, let me explain two more important concepts, one called hierarchical access control and another one called privilege inheritance, which makes assigning privileges quite easy. As I said, there are different privileges available depending on the object to which the permissions are granted in the hierarchy. But let's take the most commonly used objects to explain the hierarchical access control and the privilege inheritance. Let's start from the bottom of this hierarchy. Some of the specific privileges for a view is select. A table is select and modify and the function is execute. So if you only want an user to be able to read from your table, you should grant the select privilege on the table. But this will not work due to the hierarchical nature of the Unit Catalog object model, as the user won't have any privileges on the containing schema and the catalog by default. So as a minimum, we need to provide the use schema privilege on the schema and the use catalog privilege on the catalog. In order for the user to be able to traverse through the hierarchy. It may look a bit confusing at first, but it's very similar to file system permissions, where being able to access a file also requires the user to have access to the folders containing it. You can consider the catalog as a folder schema, as a sub folder, and the table as a file in this example. Let's now think about the privileges required for creating a table or a function. Are there going to be created in the schema? We need to grant those privileges in the schema. Databricks offers create privileges for those and you can grant them against the schema similar to this. We can grant the create schema privileges on the catalog. And also we can grant create catalog privileges on the Metastore to enable a user to be able to create a catalog. This is great for some use cases, but it can become quite tedious granting privileges on each of the individual objects in the hierarchy. Let's say I want to grant select privilege to the Data Analyst group for all the tables in a specific catalog. I'll have to provide use catalog privilege on the catalog. I also have to provide use schema privilege on all the schemas in the catalog one by one. Finally, I need to provide explicit select privilege on all of the tables in that schema. Even after doing this, it only applies for existing tables and schemas. When you create a new tables in the future, you will have to repeat this for the new tables too, and it becomes tedious and error prone. Unity catalog. Privilege inheritance solves this problem. It makes the privileges for the child objects available at the parent level in the hierarchy. Under this we have the select, modify and execute privileges available at the schema level. So you can grant select privilege on all the tables in a schema with one statement. This will also be applicable for the current and the future tables created in that schema. Similarly, you can get all the privileges from the child objects in the catalog level. So if you wanted to grant select privilege on all the tables in every schema in a catalog, you can simply run a single grant statement at the catalog level to achieve this. On top of this, Databricks also offers a privilege called all privileges at every level. All privileges includes every privilege available for the object and the child objects. So granting all privileges for schema will not only grant you schema and create table and create function privileges, it also grants select, modify and execute which are applicable for the views, tables and functions. This is how privilege inheritance makes assigning privileges simpler. I hope you now have a good understanding about the Unity Catalog security model for the Unity Catalog Metastore objects. And let me quickly show you the UI for managing access control in the Catalog Explorer. Before we finish this lesson, here we are in the Catalog Explorer. Let's say I want to use the Catalog Explorer user interface to grant and revoke privileges on the Metastore objects. So in order to do that, you simply select the object you want to grant or revoke privileges from. Let's say I want to do that on a table in my gold layer. So let's say I want to do that for the order summary monthly table. And when you select any of the object you will see the permissions tab. So simply click on the permissions tab. And in this case we want to grant privileges. So I'm going to simply click on grant privileges. And that lists all the privileges which are applicable for that Metastore object. In this case these are the privileges which are applicable for a table. And that's why we are seeing just these. Let's say I want to assign, select and modify privileges to some of the users or say all users. You simply have to select those privileges and then type in the username here. In this case I don't have any other users in this workspace. I'm going to simply assign to all account users. This is not something you would want to do in a production environment, because we don't want to give permissions for all the users and you select your group or the username, but for demo purposes it's okay. So I'm going to simply select that. And as you can see here, Databricks is already giving me a warning saying you've assigned the privileges select and modify for this table. But the user doesn't have privileges on the catalog and the schema. So you need to assign the use catalog and the use schema privileges on the corresponding catalog and the schema to those users for this to work. Otherwise they won't be able to access, which is great. So you can simply click here to assign all those privileges as well. So that will be really handy. But I don't want to do that. I want to quickly show you the catalog and the schema privileges as well. So let me click Grant here. And once you grant the privileges, you're going to see the privileges that you've granted to the users here. And if you wanted to revoke any of them, you simply have to select that and click on revoke. Let's say I want to just give the select privilege. I'm going to revoke the modify privilege. I'm simply going to click on revoke and then click revoke okay. So that's now disappeared. So now all the account users have got these select privileges, but we still have to assign the privileges to the schema and the catalog. So let's go over to the schema here, which is my goal schema. And I'm going to again click on permissions. And this time I'm going to assign the use schema privilege so that my users can use the schema and navigate to the table. And as you can see here, the other privileges you can assign to schema are listed here as well. These are not the privileges you can just assign to the schema itself, even for the child objects. For example, select is something you can apply to all the tables in this schema. So remember what we talked about the privilege inheritance in the presentation. So in order to apply select privileges or modify privileges on all of the tables in this schema, you simply select those. So we don't have to do that on the individual table. But in this case I just want to assign the select privilege to that table to my users. So I'm simply doing that just step by step. Otherwise you can simply come over to the schema and click on Select and assign to all the users. So let me again select all account users. Again. As you can see here, it's telling me that you need to also give the user catalog on the catalog which is Gizmo Box. I'll do that separately. So let me click select. So now we got the user schema privilege on the schema. And similarly you can just do that on the catalog as well. I just want to show you all the privileges that are available. But now you will see the superset of all the privileges which are available for every object which you can create within a catalog, which will be things like tables, schema, sorry, tables, schemas, uh, your views, functions, etc.. So all of those are here. And you can use privilege inheritance to cascade all the privileges to the child objects. In this case we are simply going to select use catalog and then assign to all the users and lets click Grant. That's brilliant. So now as you can see the user has got use catalog on the catalog and the user has got a use schema on the gold schema. And also the user has the select privileges on the table. So they'll be able to select the data from the table. But as I said before, if you wanted to assign all the privileges for the user on the entire catalog, you will simply come over to the catalog and assign the privileges you want. Let's say I've got a set of users who I want to give access to. All the tables to select and modify. In this catalog, I would just come over to the catalog and then click on permissions, and I'll simply click Grant. And I want to give use catalog and use schema because I'm going to cascade to the schema as well. So it's all the schemas in this catalog is going to have the access. And also I'm going to give select and modify for all the tables in this catalog and all the child schemas as well. And I simply have to select all of them and then simply select all account users and click Grant. So now all the users will have access to every table in this catalog and the and the schemas underneath. So if I go over to Lake House for example, and look at for example, the bronze addresses table and click on permissions, you will see select and modify is already assigned for the all the account users. Similarly you will see that in the schemas. For example, if I'm going to Lake House schema and click on permissions and all account users have got the use schema permission on this schema, as well as select and modify for all the underlying objects. I hope you now have a good understanding about how the security model works within Unity Catalog. I appreciate that I repeated some of the concepts a couple of times to ensure that I got my point across, and I hope you found that useful as well. And that's the end of this lesson.