Now that we have our website up and running using our custom domain, let's go ahead and add CloudFront to the mix so we can secure our website using TLS. So back in AWS, what I'm going to do is go ahead and go into CloudFront. So I'm going to click on search and type in CloudFront at the top here. We're going to click on that. Now I'm going to create a new distribution here and under the origin domain, I'm going to click on my bucket here. But since we're using static website hosting, I'm just going to click this use website endpoint. So it uses our endpoint instead. So we're going to do that. I'm going to scroll on down towards the bottom here. What I want to do under default cache behavior under viewer. I want to redirect Http to Https. So if somebody actually tries to hit our website using Http, well it's going to redirect to Https automatically and then of course use the certificate that we're going to create. So we're going to continue leaving some of the defaults down here. We're going to go all the way down towards the bottom under settings. Now what we want to do is I'm going to go ahead and just use North America and Europe only just so it's faster under alternative domain name right here. I'm going to add the name of our website. So s3.krausen.io. Now, this is going to be important because when it creates our custom SSL certificate, it's going to add this as an alternative name, otherwise known as a San. Sometimes on a certificate it'll be valid for both the CloudFront distribution URL and the URL of S3 dot Krasnaya. So we're going to go ahead and add that now down here for custom SSL certificate. Well, I don't have one yet, so I'm going to click on request certificate. It's going to bring us straight into certificate manager. Let me close out all these notifications and I'm going to request a public certificate, so I'm going to click on next. What is the fully qualified domain name? Well, we want S3 dot Crowson, dot IO. Now down here we can do DNS validation because I am using Route 53 on here. We can do that. I'm going to leave everything else as the default, so I'm going to click on requests down here and it's going to give me some information when I go in here. So I'm going to click on refresh. So it should say pending validation right here. If I open up that request, what I can do is you can see under here the pending validation and it wants me to create a C name record inside of my DNS. Now, since I am already using Route 53, I can go ahead and click this button here, create records and Route 53. If you're using an external DNS solution, you would have to mainly go add these. So I'm going to click on Create Records in Route 53. It already recognizes that I have a domain here, create records, so it's going to create it directly inside of the Route 53 zone. So now that that's done, if you actually want to go see that, go over to Route 53, I'll open that into a new tab, go back into our hosted zones, go into crowds and IO and here is that name right here that it created for us, right? It uses that for validation. Back in Certificate Manager, we are still in a validating state. Now if I go out and click on refresh and we'll see how fast, sometimes it takes a little bit. So we have to wait for Amazon to go validate that DNS record. So if we go in here, we can scroll down, Okay, it's actually done now, successful. It has been validated. So if we go back here certificates, you can see it's been issued. Awesome. We have our new certificate. Cool. So we can go back to our distribution and what we need to do is click on refresh here right next to the certificate. And if we click the drop down, we can actually see our new certificate here. S3 dot Krasnaya So we go ahead and click that. We're going to leave all the other defaults in here and we're going to go ahead and click create distribution. After we click on this sorry, go down here, create distribution and it's going to go ahead and create our distribution. Now, CloudFront can take 20 or more minutes to create our distribution for it to fully be deployed. So what I'll do is I'll keep an eye on it, I'll keep refreshing. So I'm going to go back to distributions, I'm going to click on refresh and you can see over on the right we have deploying. And so what I'll do is I'll pause the video again, wait for that to complete, and then we will go ahead and test it. Now notice that already we have our domain name for our cloudfront. So I guess while we're waiting, we can go ahead and modify our DNS. So we're going to right click and copy our domain name for our CloudFront. We're going to go back to our Route 53 and remember that name that we created for S3 and what we want to modify that now. So I'm going to click on that. I'm going to click edit record. And instead of pointing to S3, we want to point that to CloudFront instead. So I'm going to click on Save right there. Now that may take a little bit to propagate, but that's okay. Because we're still waiting for our distribution to be created. So go back to CloudFront, click on Refresh, still deploying. So I'll pause the video and wait for that to finish deploying and then we should be able to test it and make sure it works and is secured with TLS. All right. So it looks like that one wrapped up that only took about five minutes or so to deploy that. So you can see that we have our CloudFront distribution here for S3 Crowson Audio. We have our origin that points back to our bucket and you can see that it is enabled. So now we should be able to go over here and remember we had S3 crowds and IO before we already updated our DNS record. So we should do https, colon slash, slash and hit enter and let's see if it worked. Awesome. We get our website and up here you can see the lock. You can see that the connection is secure by our certificate. And for the fun of it, what we can do is let's just type in Http. Remember we had that redirect on there. So we get rid of the S and hit enter here. You can see it does automatically redirect us to Https because we set up our cloudfront distribution to redirect http to Https for us. So that wraps up this demo. Hopefully that was beneficial for you. You're able to see all the way from creating the bucket to uploading the content and modifying our bucket permissions and S3 block public access settings all the way to creating a C name record to provide a friendly URL for our website. And then finally adding a CloudFront distribution on the front end of it to use TLS to secure our website. So that's it with this one. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next one.