All right? Just like people have memories, so do agents. And they come in two flavors short term and long term. So it's very similar to how the human mind works. So what do we mean by short term memory? Well, usually that's referring to the current session, the current conversation that you're having. And it's what enables conversations to begin with. So if I'm having a conversation with an AI and I refer back to earlier things I said, that's where short term memory comes in. It's keeping track of that conversation history. So I can say things like, do that again or refer to it to some earlier thing that I was talking about. Right. So figuring out those relationships to things I talked about earlier is a result of that short term conversation history. So I'm storing not just when I'm asking about right now, but also about what I asked about in the past during this session. And that all just becomes one big part of a giant prompt that includes that prior context. So, um, it's pretty simple, right? That could just be in memory. Or maybe I'm storing it in a distributed cache somewhere, like Elastic Cache or Memorydb or even DynamoDB would be okay. And it might not just be conversations, it might be events within that session, like tools that I called or stuff that I uploaded, you know, whatever it might be. But it's stuff that I've done within this session that, you know, is could just be done in memory. That's short term memory. DynamoDB is also appropriate for long term storage though. So this is where it gets more interesting. So you might have noticed that if you go to ChatGPT, you can go back to a conversation you had a year ago and pick it back up. So that's being stored in some persistent manner somehow. So that's one form of long term memory, but it can get deeper than that. So I can also like summarize these past conversations instead of storing them verbatim and kind of using that to have some sort of a background to start from. In my conversations with you, maybe I can learn things about you that I'm summarizing and storing in there as well. Like you may have noticed that ChatGPT sometimes tries to work in things that it thinks it knows about you as an individual, and that's an example of long term storage, where it's picking up things like your coding style, the favorite tools that you use, or just what your interests are and what you do for a living. You know, these are interesting things about you that it might incorporate into future responses that it needs to store somewhere in long term memory. Also, any explicit facts that you may have given it. So if you say remember this, maybe it's going to actually remember that and store it somewhere. So you can refer to that in the future. Now conceptually, you might store this in a unified memory record somewhere in some data store. But those memory records might have different strategies for different kinds of memories. So user preferences might be stored one way, semantic facts might be stored another way. Summaries of past sessions might be stored in yet another way. That's fine. So where do I store this stuff? Well, DynamoDB, like I said, is one option. SQLite is what open AI uses by default in their SDK and for small to medium sized solutions. RDS or Aurora might fit the bill as well. Also, Amazon Agent Core we're getting there has a memory feature that where you can very easily attach that agent core memory to your agents, and you don't have to worry about reinventing that. So that's one way of doing it as well. Highly scalable system. The strands SDK has an integration with something called Mem zero, and that's also an option. And also you could make an argument that knowledge bases are a form of long term memory. It's not really the same sense of the word though. So usually when we talk about long term memory in the context of agents, we're talking about your past interactions with the system, with the agent. Uh, knowledge bases are more about long term memory of contextual information, um, that comes from outside of the system, not from the user, but a potato. Potato. It's long term as well. So that's memory. In the context of AI agents, there is both short term for your conversation that's happening right now, long term with insights from your past conversations. And you got to store that somewhere. So that's what it's all about.