So we've talked about multi-agent systems conceptually, but how do I actually implement them? What do I use to build these things? Well, there are many SDKs out there to choose from. OpenAI has its agents SDK. There's one called crew AI, there's Landgraf, there's Google's ADK, and many others as well. But Amazon has its own called Strands Agents, and technically it's open source. It was released by Amazon initially, but it has taken on a bit of a life of its own. So it's a proper agent SDK that is quite competitive with these other ones as well. And obviously, since it's Amazon's creation, this is the one that the exam is going to focus on. So Strands Agents lets you create specialized agents and multi-agent systems. So just like these multi-agent workflows we talked about earlier strands is one way to implement those using Python code. It can be used for complex task decomposition or collaborative problem solving in the same way that we saw in those multi-agent patterns a few lectures ago. And of course, because it's from Amazon, it has tighter AWS integration. So if you are going to be building an agent system on top of AWS, this is a good choice. It can call Bedrock Foundation models directly. It can integrate with lambda functions. It can integrate with step functions. And we'll see why that's important soon and more. Anything that you want to do within AWS strands can talk to it, but it's not tied to AWS specifically. You can use it with OpenAI and other models if you want to. So, um, it is open source. It is not completely tied to AWS. It just has very tight AWS integration, if that's useful to you. It also supports multimodal stuff so it can deal with text, speech, images and video, which is kind of cool. And it also supports model context protocol. So if you have external services that you want to use for additional context or capabilities, it can hit those external MCP servers as part of a strands agent as well. We'll talk about MCP in more depth shortly. It does have a suite of built in tools, and this is what makes life a lot easier. So like we said it has tight AWS integration. It just includes the Boto3 um, client SDK. So that lets you do literally anything in AWS from within a strands agent. It also obviously has access to bedrock knowledge bases for a source of retrieval, augmented generation, and doing data lookup lookups from memory. It has a Mem zero agent built in for short and long term memory. And you can also use that for personalization. Like we talked about that long term memory can keep track of what it knows about you as an individual and personalize your responses going forward. It can run arbitrary Python code. It can call anything external on the web through HTTP, whether it's a Rest or any other interface. It can run shell commands on your own computer. That's scary. It can manipulate files on your own computer if you want it to. It can coordinate swarms of agents. So these multi-agent complex systems are fair game. And if you want a speech based system, it can also speak its output using Amazon Polly. And beyond that you can also do whatever you can dream up. If you can write Python code for it, your own custom tools can be called as well that you write yourself. Now there is something called the Strands Agent Loop that you definitely want to know about. So conceptually this is how it operates internally. So some sort of input together with relevant contexts that may have come from your knowledge base or explicitly uploaded as part of the prompt, are then fed into the agent loop. So it starts by selecting the right tool for the job. What are you asking it to do? I'm going to pick a tool that seems like the best fit. It will execute that tool and give it back to the foundation model where it will say, am I done yet? Do I need to, like, run additional tools to actually fulfill this response? And if it's actually reasoning and breaking that down into specific subtasks, then it might be firing off multiple tools to fulfill that request. Right. So it might loop around again and choose another tool and execute that tool and maybe do it again and try another tool and execute that tool. And when it figures out that it's done, it will output a final response. So that's the strands agent loop. Now to make it real you know not conceptual. Again they're not going to ask you to write code on the exam. But here's what some strands code looks like. And it's pretty cool because there's not a lot of code here right. And half of it is just a test case. But this agent here, in just a few lines of code, has a custom tool with a Python function that counts the number of letters in a string. So that's something that LLM foundation models are famously bad at. You know, there was a joke about counting the letter R as in the word strawberry, and nobody could get it right. The reason why, by the way, is um, because these llms operate at the token level and not the character level, and tokens are more aligned to words and not letters. But anyway, this solves that problem. So we have a custom tool that just counts letters in a word. And that's going to be a tool. We just wrap that with a tool decorator and you can see that that's a tool. And after defining that custom tool we can create an agent object that includes that in its list of tools. And in addition to the letter counter tool that we wrote from scratch, we're also including a bunch of built in tools, the calculator tool, the current time tool, the Python execution tool. And now this agent has all of this capabilities at its disposal. And then I can just call agent with that message and have it do a bunch of stuff and it will know how to do it. So when I ask what the time is when it goes into that agent loop, it will say, okay, I need to go call my current time tool and now put that result. It's going to loop around again and say, oh, I'm being asked to calculate something. Let's kick off the calculator tool for that result. Loop around again. It's going to say, oh, I want to count the number of letter R's in a word. I'm going to use my custom tool for letter counter loop around again, uh, write some code and execute it. And that will call the Python execution tool and do that and then we'll say oh well okay, I'm finally done. Here's my final output. So there's a concrete example of using the strands SDK to do some pretty complicated stuff and not a lot of code. So pretty cool stuff. That's strands agents.