In this section, we will look at the various options available for deploying a Kubernetes cluster on the cloud. In the scope of this beginner's course, we will look at the simplest form of getting started with Kubernetes. In each of these cloud platforms, Google Cloud, AWS and Azure. So for production purposes, there are many ways to get started with Kubernetes cluster, both in a private or a public cloud environment. And I would categorize them as either self-hosted or turnkey solutions and hosted or managed solutions. So turnkey solutions are where you provision the required VMs and use some kind of tools or scripts to configure the Kubernetes cluster on them. So at the end of the day, you are responsible for maintaining those VMs and patching them and upgrading them, etc. but provisioning the cluster itself and managing the lifecycle of the cluster are mostly made easy using certain tools and scripts. For example, deploying a Kubernetes cluster on AWS can be made easy using tools like Cops or Cuban, etc.. In the Certified Kubernetes Administrators course, we explore setting up Kubernetes clusters using the Kube admin tool. Hosted solutions or managed solutions are more like Kubernetes as a service solution where the cluster, along with the required VMs, are deployed by the provider and Kubernetes is configured by them by the provider, so the VMs are maintained by the provider. For example, the Google Container Engine lets you or the Google Kubernetes Engine. GKE lets you provision a Kubernetes cluster in a matter of minutes with just a few clicks, without having to perform any kind of configuration by yourself. So in these environments, um, mostly you won't have access to the master nodes or you, you most likely do not have access to the VMs themselves, um, to perform any kind of, um, you know, configuration changes on the master nodes. Uh, the version of Kubernetes and the master nodes are all managed by the, by the provider. So, um, that's what we will look at in this section of the course. So we will look at deploying our example voting application on the Google, um, Kubernetes Engine, on Google Cloud, the Azure Kubernetes Service, and the AWS EKS solutions. Now note that each of these require its own separate course, and we will only be looking at the simplest way of getting started with these. So, uh, a lot of concepts that we learned throughout this course about Kubernetes itself don't change and are applicable to any of these Kubernetes environments. All that we will be doing is provision a managed Kubernetes cluster and reuse the deployment and service definition files that we created, and see how we can deploy the same application on all of these different platforms. Also note that this is not a demo of deploying a production grade Kubernetes cluster. Um, for that, you must have a good understanding of the various concepts that we discussed in the A and D courses. And this is only a beginner's guide to deploying the same application in a learning environment in different cloud platforms in in the simplest form.