-: Okay, so let's go through this lab on the Ingress controller. So we have deployed Ingress controller resources and applications. So explore the setup. So let's first look at the environment. So let's look at the nodes. There's a single node. Let's look at the deployments. So there are no deployments. Let's check all namespaces. So there are deployments in other namespaces. So there are deployments in the appspace, The Ingress-NGINX space, the kube-system space. Let's look at the Ingress controller which is usually in kube-system namespace. Let me see. Nope, it's in the Ingress namespace, which is, sorry, it's given here, so it's Ingress-NGINX. And yeah, well, so we see the Ingress controller and the other parts right here. Okay, so which namespace is the Ingress controller deployed in? So if you wanna get pods -a command, and we see all the parts and we see the Ingress controller here and we see that as part of the Ingress-NGINX namespace. So it's the Ingress-NGINX namespace. Now, what is the name of the Ingress controller deployment? So the Ingress controller deployment, this is the name of the deployment. So we can also verify that by doing a: get deploy in the Ingress-NGINX namespace. And we see that it's Ingress-NGINX controller. So it's Ingress-NGINX controller. Now, which namespace are the applications deployed in? So we have, yeah, so here we have the pods for the application and we have the video there and the the default backend application there in the appspace-namespace. How many applications are deployed in the appspace-namespace? So we see that there are three pods. So that's three applications. Now, which namespace is the Ingress resource deployed in? So let's look at the Ingress resource. So we'll do a kubectl get Ingress and we'll look at all namespaces. And we see that we have the ingress-wear-watch resource, and it's in the appspace-namespace. Now what is the name of the Ingress resource? So the name of the Ingress resource is Ingress-Wear-Watch. Now, what is the host configured on the Ingress resource? So you can see that right here. So it's set to star. That means all hosts are applicable, all or any hosts. What backend is the wear path on the Ingress configured in? So let's look at the Ingress, Ingress-wear-watch Ingress resource in a bit more detail. So that's in the appspace namespace. And here we see the additional details. And we can see the rules. We see the host and then we see the path. And we have the wear and the watch path. And what backend is the ware path configured? Just so the wear path is configured to the wear service, that's the wear service. At what path is the video streaming application made available on the IngresS? So the video streaming application, the video service is at the watch path. So watch is the answer. If the requirement does not match any of the configured paths, what service are the requests for two? So we know that if the requirement, if it does not match any of these is going to go to the default backend. So here, it is default HTTP backend. That's the service, that's default HTTP backend. Now, view the Ingress service using the tab at the top of the terminal. So here we have Ingress service. And if you look at it, it gives us a 404 not found error. So which page do you see? So we see a 404 error page. Now view the applications by appending the wear and watch to the URL that you opened. So let me open this. And have a wear, which is this. So this is the the wear application. And then we have the watch. Apparently this is the video streaming application, okay. You're requested to change the URLs at which the applications are made available. So make the video streaming application available at stream. So for that, let's go and edit the Ingress resource. So let's just replace describe with edit. And this one should be fairly easy. So here we have the path. So we have the wear path for the wear service and then we have the watch path for the watch service. So all we have to do is replace this with stream, and let's save that. So it's immediately replaced, if we refresh the watch path, now we get 404 error. And we replace it with stream and we now get the video streaming application. So let's check that out. Yep. So that's successful. Now, view the video application using the stream, which we already did. So let's skip that. Now a user is trying to view the Eat URL on the Ingress service, which paid would he see? So we know that there's nothing called eat. So let's just verify. So there's nothing called eat here, but we don't know if it is there in another space. So let's try that out, eat. So it doesn't, there's nothing, so it's a 404 error. So there's a 404 error Now due to increased demand, your business decides to take on an adventure. You acquired a food delivery company, their applications have been migrated over to your cluster. So I inspect the new deployments in the appspace namespace. Okay, so let's check out, boy, in the appspace namespace. And we see that we have the default backend. We have food along with the video and wear applications So this is the new application. Now, you're requested to add a new path to your Ingress to make the food delivery application available to your customers. So make the new application available at Eat. So we wanna make it available at Eat. So we know that we need to find out the service that this is exposed on. So let's try and find that. So instead of deployment, let's look at services in the same namespace. And we see that we have the food service. And let's also verify and make sure that the port is 8080. So it's food service at port 8080. So I'm gonna copy that. And let's go and edit the Ingress resource again. So we have a command for that already: kubectl edit Ingress, the name of the Ingress resource in the appspace. And what we need to do is add an additional path here. We're going to copy this Paste that. And what we'll do is, you know that it's food service. So food service. And the port number is 8080, that's fine. And the path is Eat. And let's save that. Let's wait for it to finish. Okay, and let's try and refresh. And we see the food service application. Okay, let's check the work, okay. Now view the food delivery application using Eat, which we already did. Now a new payment service has been introduced, since it is critical, the new application is deployed in its own namespace. So identify the namespace, okay. So let's do a get pods dash A and see what the new namespace is. So we have a new namespace called critical space. So let's do a get deploy in the critical space. And we see that we have a Web App Pay. So this is the new deployment. So identify the namespace. So that's critical space. What is the name of the deployment of the new applications? We just found that out. It's called Web App Pay. You requested to make the new application available at pay. So identify and implement the best approach to making this application available on the Ingress controller and test to make sure it's working, looking to annotations as well. Okay, so we know that for the appspace applications, we have the Ingress resource in the appspace. Now we cannot use that resource to add something in another space. So what we're going to do, is we're gonna create an Ingress resource for this critical space itself. Or at least that's the best practice. The best practice is to create, for different teams who maybe having access to different namespaces, to create their own Ingress resource, right? So that should be the approach that we should be using. So you can assume that maybe those who are working on this application only has access to this namespace, but those who are working on the Web Pay application only has access to this namespace. And so, any Ingress related resources that are created would have to be created in this namespace. So we'll create a new Ingress and then we'll set the path as we did before. We'll set the backend service. So let's first find out what the backend service is to this Web Pay. So it's called Pay Service. So just like food service, wear service, this one's called Pay Service and the deployment is Web App Pay. So we wanna direct traffic that goes to the path pay which as of now there won't be anything. And we wanna direct that to this pay service on port. So remember that the port now is 8282. So that should be the port. Okay, so let's do kubectl create ingress. And so we do have an imperative command for that. Let's do a dash h to see the format. So we're going to, there are multiple examples. and let's just speak the simplest one, right? So kubectl create Ingress, the name and then the role. And that's basically it. So let's do that. So the name, let's see if there's a name given there. So there's no name given here. So we could give it any name. So this is going to be: Ingress pay, maybe. And then it's in the namespace. Remember this is has to be in the critical space. And then the rule is that anything that goes to, sorry, pay, the path pay, so that's pay here, would go to the Pay Service. That's what we just saw. And the port is 8282. And we don't have any certs for now, so let's just get rid of this. So that's the Ingress pay. So let's check it out: Get ingress in the critical space. And we see that is indeed created. Let's take a look at it. Ingress and critical space. And we see that we have the Ingress pay is gonna catch everything that goes to pay and then redirect that to pay service, right? So let's go and try it out here. But you see that it's still it's not working as expected, still gives the 404 error. So let's take a look at the logs and find out why. So if you look at the logs of this application in the critical space So we have the Web Pay service, so the Web Pay pod. Then what we're going to do is we're gonna do a logs for that pod in the critical space. And we see that these are the requests that are coming in. It's coming in as pay, right? So the thing is, these applications may not have slash pay at the end, right? So it should be without this pay. So what's happening is, when you're calling pay is just the Ingress resource is just forwarding as ease, the URL as ease to this application, and this application does not really have a pay path. So it should just be just slash right? So let's do that. So for that, we have to put in the Ingress, the annotations and the rewrite rules. So if you look at this, right, the watch, wear or even the pay service, they're just available at this, they don't have a /watch or /wear at the end. But with the default rule that the Ingress controller creates, anything that goes to watch is going to have watch at the end. Anything that goes to wear is gonna have wear at the end. So that's why the error. So we want to put in this rewrite annotation to get that removed. So let's copy that and let's edit the Ingress pay in the critical space. Should have Ingress. And then... So we've got add an annotation here. So annotations go in metadata section here, and we are gonna set the rewrite target. So this is basically going to take that out, take out the pay at the end and then just put slash there. So that seems to be set. Okay, so when you refresh it, you can actually see that this is working as expected. Yeah, let's check our work. That's good. And yeah, we've already gone here and verified that it's working. Okay, so that's the end of this lab.