Welcome back. For any data system or database, it is critical to understand and know about what data types are supported by your system. Spark is also a data engineering or data processing system similar to a database. So what data types are supported by spark is one of the critical knowledge. What are the keywords used for defining different types of data types, and what are the data types supported by spark? That's what we are going to learn in this lecture. I will cover spark data types in this lecture. So let's start. Let's quickly look at the data types supported by spark. So here is the list. This is almost complete list of data types supported by spark. As we know spark can be used in multiple ways. One way is to use spark DataFrame APIs in your favorite language, like Python. Another way to use spark is using spark SQL. So data types and keywords are listed here in Python and Spark SQL. So these are the keywords used for different data types in Python. And these are the equivalent keywords used in spark SQL. So we have byte type short type integer type long type float type. Like that. So many types. And for byte type, if you want to use it in SQL you can use byte or tiny int. So when there are two names like for short type short and a small int. So these two terms like short and small int for short type are designed for compatibility reasons. Compatibility with the SQL terminologies in general. So spark support the wider terminology in terms of data types. Right. So this is the list. Now let's quickly walk through all these data types. So we have some good sense of data types supported in spark. So the first two types like byte and sort type they are for storing numeric values right. You can make a guess Tinyint or sort or Smallint. These are the types in Ansi SQL to store small or integer or numeric value. But these two guys have a very small short range. Byte is just one byte, and Smallint can store values from -127 to plus 128 only. So when do we use these kind of data types? Most likely we will never be using these type of data types because they are very small. Think of sort type. You can store -127 two plus 128 only values in this range. What if you try to store values beyond this range? A spark will throw an error at runtime. It will throw an exception. So these data types, the range is too small, and the risk of going out of range and causing a runtime exception is very high. So we don't usually use these data types. We use it on special cases where we know that we are not going beyond their range. In any case, in any circumstances, then only we use and it is very hard to find those kind of requirements or scenarios. Now moving to the next item integer type or int. These guys have a reasonably good range and we often use. But uh, think of the next type which is long or big int, which has even a bigger range. What is the reason why I would not use long and use int? The one thought comes in mind is we will save some space. We use int which is supporting a smaller range, but it is going to take a smaller space in the disk and also in the memory. Long, which supports larger range, is going to take larger space on the disk. And also when it is loaded in the memory, it is going to take little larger space in the memory. But in today's world, space and memory are cheaper. There is not much saving between int and long. It is not a huge saving which you will get. Choosing int over long. So those are also not very often used. It is not recommended to use even int. Recommendation is to use long. So next item is long or bigint recommended for numeric values. We often use. So if you look at the list, list is long. But what exactly most of the time we will be using is very selected items. So for storing integer values or numeric values we would be using long. Most of the time similarly, come forward and you will see float or real. These are for storing floating point values. Same way float and real or float type and double are two candidates. Float and real will take less storage but supports a smaller range. Double takes a bigger storage but takes a bigger range. But which one to use? Point is again, same float and real are reasonably good. You can use them, but there is not much saving if you avoid them instead of using double. If you use float, there is not much saving in terms of space, so the recommendation is to use double for decimal values. Now we have one more data type decimal or numeric or DC. These are data types that support a huge floating point right. And these are often used for scientific calculations where 0.000000, some long range decimal has a very high significance in calculations. So we use them. Otherwise double is good. So up to here if you look long type is critical important to understand and most commonly used. Similarly double is the next data type most commonly used. Now let's move further. We have string type which is most popular one to use the string Representation or to store a string values. For compatibility reasons, we have Care and varchar where we can define okay care of length for where care of length 50, something like that we do in relational databases. But these are mostly there for supporting the compatibility with other database SQL syntaxes. Then we have binary type binary. Type is used to store binary data. For example, if you are trying to store image or audio or video files, those are binary files. So you can use binary data type to store binary data. Then we have boolean, timestamp and date. Boolean is to store true false boolean values. Timestamp is used to store time, date and time combined. That is, your timestamp and date is to store date only with no time component in it. So these are three most commonly used data types. So starting from the top long double string, binary, boolean timestamp and date. These are the most frequently used data types for storing data. Then we have four data types for complex or for semi-structured data. So array map and struct array is a used to store some array. For example array of numbers. Array of strings. Array of any complex data type itself. Right. So if you have an array and you want to store that you will be using array. If you have a map map is a key value type right. Key value pair then you will be using map struct is to store a complete record. Right. You can have field, then field type, then field two, field three, field four like that struct is kind of data structure that supports child tables within the table itself or within a single column. Right. So struct is another type. Then recently in latest version of spark there is one more data type added. It is known as variant. Variant is specifically designed to store semi-structured data type and work with semi-structured data type in more efficient way. So if you have JSON, you would be using variant data type for JSON or any other semi-structured data type. So these are the data types. The complex data types and variant types. Doesn't make very good sense at this stage, but that's fine when we start doing some examples, we will have more understanding about these data types. Then we have two data types for interval. In Python we have only two data types datetime interval type and year month interval type. These two are to store intervals so that we can do date and time arithmetic. Right. Suppose you have a date. Uh, today's date let's say 20th November 2025. You want to add five days to this date. So five days. What is that five days. That five days is an interval. Right? Interval in terms of days. Right. Suppose you want to add three weeks to current date. What is that three weeks. Three weeks is a interval represented in the number of weeks. Number is three. But what that three represent that three represents interval in terms of weeks. So that's how the date time interval and year month interval types are used. Date time interval is used for representing interval in terms of um days. You can get more details sense of a bunch of SQL types supported for this one. Single date time interval type interval in days. So number of days. Interval day to hour means five days six hours. That is what interval data are means interval day two minute five days 35 minutes. That's the interval. So like that you can represent ah day and time intervals using this data type. Year month interval is to talk about months and year. So interval year means if I say in today's date add three years. So what is that three three is interval represented in terms of years three years. Year two month three years five months. That is also interval. Right interval only in months. So six months five months nine months in today's date and nine months. So these are intervals often used in date and time arithmetic. We will see many examples to get a better sense of all these data types. And that is all. That is all we wanted in this lecture. We wanted to quickly look at the data types supported in spark and understand what is the meaning of those data types and uh, which ones are commonly used, where to use what. So that's all for this lecture. See you again in the following lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.