Welcome back. In this lecture, we will extend our knowledge about data types in spark and learn about schema and schema on read capability of Apache Spark. Now let's try to understand it with some examples. To have a better concept of defining a schema and using schema on read capability of spark. Let's do some examples and it will make more sense. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to chapter four schema on read. Let's connect a cluster so we can start coding. We have a very simple requirement. Load data from flight time JSON file into a table and table structure is given below. So we have a well-defined table structure and what we want to do. We want to read data from a data file. The file is a JSON file and save it into a table. Super super simple work. How will you do it? I hope you already understand or you already learned the approach for doing it. Read data from the JSON file. Create a data frame, then verify if your data frame and the target table structure are matching. Then save the data frame into the table. That is all. That is all we do in this requirement. So let's start with the reading the data right. So let's create a data frame. After reading the data let's call it flight time underscore DF I'm calling it raw df because I will be reading raw data from this file, and after that we will check if the schema of the data frame and the schema of the target table are matching. Then we will simply save it into the table. If there are mismatches in the schema or in the data structure, we will try to fix those things and then save it into the table. That's kind of necessary to avoid unnecessary errors or to avoid data going into different fields, right. So let's write code to read the data frame. I'll write code in the pair of parentheses. How to read data and create a data frame. You already learned that we will need a spark session spark, dot, Read and spark dot read will give me a spark data frame reader, which allows me to use a connector to read the data from a given file. What kind of connector do we want to use here? We have a JSON file, so we want to use the connector as JSON or JSON connector. So as soon as I say format JSON, the spark data frame reader will look for the JSON connector in the runtime environment in the cluster, load that and use that connector to read data from the file and give me a data frame. With every connector we have different options to specify, and these options are used to read data correctly from the source. Right. So do we have some options that we need to specify here. I want to specify two options, but the question is how do we learn about the options of the connector? No course can teach you all the options for all the connectors for reading the data. Why? Because the number of connectors are huge. Maybe 100 plus connectors are there that allow us to read data from different different sources, and each connector gives you more than ten, 15, 20 options configuration. So it is not possible in any course to cover all those in detail. So what is the approach? We learn what connectors are available and as and when we need to use those connectors. We look for the documentation of those connectors and try to understand the options available and see if we need to use any options from that. So same approach we are going to take for the JSON. We are going to use JSON connector. So let's quickly look at what are the options given by the JSON connector. And where can we find the documentation for the JSON connector for spark. And then understand do we need to use some options. So let's go and search for Apache Spark website JSON connector documentation is available in the spark documentation itself because JSON connector is by default available with Apache Spark. So go to SQL Data Frame and Datasets documentation. And in the data sources you will see these are the connectors that are by default available with every Apache Spark installation. And we have details of the JSON files connector here. And if you come you will see all these options are there. So I want to use. One option here mode and mode. Default value is permissive and we have multiple options here permissive, drop malformed and fail fast. What does it mean? If you read the documentation you will understand it. But let me quickly explain you. Permissive is the default value and permissive means, when it meets a corrupted record, puts the malformed record into a field configured by this configuration, and sets malformed field to null. So what it means the connector will try to read your JSON file record by record, and if a specific record is corrupt or it cannot read that record correctly, the connector will skip that record and move to the next record. It will not throw an error it will simply skip that record and try to read the next record. If next record is correct. It can be read correctly. Then it will load the next record, bring it into your data frame like that. It will look at all the records, skip the malformed record or corrupt records, and take only valid and good records into your data frame. Also, the connector will keep on updating the details of what records were corrupt and, uh, which records it skipped. That is kind of okay, but we don't want that. What we want is fail fast. Fail fast means as soon as you see a corrupt record or malformed record, throw an error, stop there and throw an error. Do not load anything right. And that is the safer way. Either. Our code will be successfully complete. loading all the records or it will note nothing and give me an error, and then we can investigate and fix that problem. There is one more option drop malformed, which ignores the whole corrupted records and load the correct records. And that is all. It will not record which records were corrupted, which records were correct, all those information it will simply ignore, which is little more dangerous, right? So idea is to use this mode. So we either successfully load all the records or we load nothing and see an error. So I want to use that option uh dot option and uh mode. Fail fast. That's how we learn about different options supported by different uh Different connectors. In this course we will be using many of the connectors and as we keep on using them, I'll keep on explaining some of the commonly used options. Rest of the options you can learn on your own. And we want to use one more option here. Let me quickly explain that option. Let's come to the options list. We want to tell this option date format. Why? Because we will be reading date from the file in the flight time JSON. We expect that there should be a field called flight date and which is a date type, right. But what is the format specified in the file to represent a date? It is a JSON file, which is kind of a string, right? It contains string values. So what is the date string format. So that my connector knows that whenever I see FL date, I expect a date there. But is it dd y or y y y y? MDD or MDD y y. What is the format? What is the meaning of the first two letters? What is the meaning of the second two letters? Is it month or date? Those details I have to tell to the connector. Otherwise it won't be able to correctly identify the date. So date format default is y y y y. MDD. What does it mean? If we don't specify date format, then the connector will assume that in the date field we should have four letters for year, two letters for month, and then two letters for date. But in my file, I know this is not the way date is represented. If you want, you can go to catalog and look at the file which we have come to the dev escape, spark DB volume, data sets, spark programming data, and flight time JSON. All these files should be already loaded in your environment. Also if you are trying to repeat it yourself. If you have successfully executed the setup script in the second chapter. So let's quickly look at the flight time JSON to understand what is the date format. So FL date is one one 2000. And uh, with my knowledge about my data file, I know this one represents month. This one represents, uh, date and this is year. So we have a single digit date, single digit month and four digit year. Right. So definitely this default format is not correct. My JSON connector will not be able to correctly interpret this as a date, so I have to specify the date format option also in my connector so it can interpret the date correctly. So let's give the date format. And what is the format. What is the format in my file. In my file it's a single digit month then single digit date and then four digits of year. Right. So how do I specify that single digit month slash single digit date slash four digits of year. So this is the format which I am giving this connector to read the date correctly. And that's all. No other option I want to give. These are the bare minimum options required to read the data correctly from the file Now I want to load it and specify the path of the file. So path of the file you can get from here. This is the file location. So I copied it from there. Slash data slash. What is the file name. Flight hyphen time dot JSON. So flight hyphen time dot JSON. And that's all. I can read the data from this file and create a data frame. We call it flight time raw df. Let's run it and see what do we get. So we are able to run this code successfully. And here is the schema I can see. Next step is to investigate the data frame data and schema for problems. Problems means does it exactly match with the target table structure or schema. Right. So does it match? Let's look at the schema. There are multiple ways to look at the schema. If you are using this notebook environment it immediately gives you the schema detail. As soon as you compile this code or run this code. So it says error time canceled like that. This is the schema it is showing. Look at FL date FL date is a string. It is not reading it as date. So try to compare this schema here with the table. And look at this. Does it match? I think no. The first field in the target table is FL date, then op carrier FL date is date. OP carrier is string. Here the first field is RR time, then cancelled. FL date is somewhere down. It is not date, it is a string. Then op carrier is there which is a string. Fine. So we see mismatch. There are two types of mismatches. First, the order of the column in the table and order of the column in the data frame is not matching, which could be a problem, right? We don't know. If I try to write the data frame into the table, my writer may be able to match the column with the column name and save data correctly. But we don't know, right? Because writer is also a connector which connects to the target and saves the data, so we don't know how that connector is written. I have to test that if it is saving data correctly or not. But I don't want to take the risk. I don't want this order and this order to be different. Second problem is that some fields data type is not correct. FL date is date, and in my data frame FL date is string. So which is also a problem, right? FL date should be date in my data frame. Then only I can save data correctly into the table. So this is going to fail. If I try to write this data frame, it will definitely fail either because of the incorrect, uh, column order or because of the incorrect data type for at least for FL date, right? So it is not going to successfully complete. So I have to fix the problems. But first question why there is a problem of column ordering. Why this column ordering is different in from the file. If I look at the file, look at the flight time JSON file. The first field is FL date, then second field is op carrier. Right? But my data frame is reading it differently. First field is arrival time. FL date is somewhere down. why that happened. That happened because of the JSON connector. The JSON connector is implemented in a way that it will read JSON data, and by default it will create columns, order by column names, order by alphabet. So in alphabetical order, if you look at this a, b, then c, c, d like that, all the column names are sorted alphabetically. And this is the nature of the JSON connector. That's how JSON connector is implemented. It will always read the data and create a data frame where the column names are sorted alphabetically. We don't want that right? We want data frame to be created in the column names order by this structure. And the second problem data type right data type is inferred as a string. But we want a date. And if we look at the file, this is date. And we are also telling that this is date. And you can find that date in this format. By still, connector is not able to correctly infer the data type of the file date. Why that is happening? Because of some reason connector is not able to correctly infer the date and that happens. Connectors or the data frame. Readers might be able to infer the schema correctly, or they might not. And that is the problem with the automatic schema inference. So how do we fix that. And that is where we need to define a schema and tell that schema to the connector to the JSON reader that this is the schema. Use this schema to read the data correctly. Do not infer the data types. Automatically use this schema to read the data correctly, and that is what idea is known as schema on read. We tell the data frame reader application or the data frame reader connector. Then this is the schema. Use this schema on read to create a data frame to read that data and create a data frame. So how do we tell that? First we have to define the schema. But are we done with the investigating the data frame data and schema for problems. We we done investigating schema and we identified two problems. One order of the columns is incorrect. And data type of some columns are incorrect. What about the data. So let's quickly eyeball the data. Also flight time raw df dot. Are display will display all the records I want to limit maybe three records and then display only three records. And two. Three records should be good enough for me to eyeball and see if things are loaded correctly. What do I want to see here? Arrival time canceled zero. Scheduled arrival time 1400. Something like that. So what I want to see. I want to see if things are loaded into the right field. Right. So let's look at few of the fields. Origin says Boston or boss origin city name Boston. So looks like this is origin field right. And uh, date FL date is loaded here. So this also looks like date is gone into the date. So looking at few of these things I can understand. Okay. Looks like field is read correctly. Right. FL date is read correctly. Uh, distance is looks like read correctly. Origin city is read correctly. There should be some destination city that is also read correctly. So looks like data frame is reading values correctly. But we have a schema problem and there are two types of schema problem one the order of the column is not correct, and the data type of the column is not as per my expectation. So how do I fix that? To fix that, I have to define the schema, give that schema to the connector and tell that this is the schema. Try to read this data using this schema definition and if you are successful, give me the data frame. If you failed for any reason, throw me an error and that's why we gave mode. Fail fast. Right? So let's define the schema. How do I define a schema? Let's create a variable flight schema equal to. How do I define the schema? We know we want to define a record with some fields. What is schema? A schema is something like this right. We tell the structure of a record and then tell list of fields. First field is this. And this is the data type. Second field is this. And this is the data type right. So we have to define a structure. And a structure is nothing but a list of fields. And each field comes with two values field name and date. That's how we define this schema. So to define that schema we have to import few things. Import the data types that we learned in the previous lecture. And what are the data types we need. We need date string long int. Four types of data types. So let's import that from pi spark dot SQL dot types import. What types we need we need is type string type. We need long type. We need integer type. And we need date type. Do not import data type date type. Write data type is the base class for all the types. So we need date type. And we also need struct type to define the structure. And we also need struct field to define the structure of each field. Now we come here flight schema. Flight schema. We need to define two three things. The first thing is we need to define the record structure. Right. And that can be defined using struct type struct type. In this pair of parentheses we will define the structure of the record. And structure of record is going to be a list of fields right. So we will create a list. And inside that we will provide the list of fields. Each field can be defined using struct field. And struct field will have two things. One is field name PHL underscore date and the second is field data type and PHL date is date type. So we say date type and give the parenthesis. So that's my first field Yield, comma. Second field. What is the second field? We can again define a struct field and second field. Field name is op underscore c a double r I e r op carrier. What is the data type of the op carrier. You can refer to your table schema here. String. Right. That's what we want. So this guy is a string type. String type. And give the parenthesis. Now define the third then fourth then fifth. Like that. Define all the fields. So instead of typing all the field definitions I will paste all the field definitions. And this is my schema right. So I have defined the schema. Let's run it once. Successful. So I don't have any typo. Looks like now we need to tell this schema. To the JSON connector that this is your schema. Use this schema to read the data from this file. So let's rewrite this code once again down here for reading it correctly. Code for reading will be same. Now this time what I want to create a new data frame. Flight time raw. Let's call it with schema underscore d f right. And we want to read JSON. We want mode fail fast. We still want to specify what is the date format. And we want to tell which schema definition to use. So dot schema. And in the schema we have defined this schema here flight schema. So we pass that schema definition here. This is your flight schema. Use that schema to create the data frame. That's all. And this is recommended whenever you are reading data from any file, whether it is JSON file or CSV file, or XML file, or your, um, other types of file. There are many other types of files supported parquet, ORC, etc.. We will keep on learning about different types of files as we progress with the course. Whatever type of file you are reading, you must specify the schema on read. That's the recommendation. Specifying a schema on read has two advantages. The first advantage is you are telling your connector this is the schema. This is the correct schema for reading the data. Read the data if you can read it using this schema. Otherwise, throw me an error so I can fix it right. So that is the one benefit first benefit that you are telling your connector. This is how you can read the data correctly so that your connector will have more information to read the data correctly, and it will surely read the data correctly. The second benefit, your connector will not guess the schema. Reading the data, reading the data from that file. So how connector will make a guess about the schema? It will go and read this data file, look at the data and then try to guess what is the data type of each field. And reading the data only for guessing the data type takes double time. We want to read the data right. We want to read and create a data frame, but we want to read it once. For inferring the schema, your connector will read data twice. It will first read it once to read the data and make a guess about the schema and prepare the schema at runtime. And once that schema is prepared, then it will use that schema to read the data file again and create a data frame for you. It will read twice if we specify the schema, guesswork is not required. Your connector will not, uh, need to read the data once just to prepare the schema at runtime because we are already giving the schema. So this improves the performance of your read operation. So it is a best practice. It is a recommendation that whenever you are reading data from wherever, make sure you are specifying the schema. Otherwise your read operation will be slow and it will leave scope for incorrect data frame. Right? So that's done. Now let's run it and see if we are able to read it correctly. This time let's look at the schema. for date is now. Date and then op carrier. Then op carrier for number. Look at the table for date. Date. OP carrier string, then op carrier number. String. Last field should be distance in int and here last field is distance integer. So it looks like my data frame structure is now matching with the target table structure. All that can be achieved in one shot by giving the correct schema right. So that's how schema on read is a powerful feature a powerful capability. So we learn two things how to define a schema. And we also learned how to give schema definition to the data frame reader and implement schema on read. So that's all we have this now this data frame. We want to investigate it once again to make sure there is no other problem. We looked at the schema definition here. Looks like schema definition is correct. Now let's uh limit uh again to three records and then display and eyeball it if things are looking fine. Uh FL date now it shows like a date, right? Year 2000, month one. Date uh, one or year 2000. Date one, month one. What is it? So this might create a little confusion in my file format was one one 2000 when I loaded it. We loaded it correctly. Same date is showing, but it is showing in different format and that is perfectly fine. You should not have that confusion in the file. What is the date format that I specified while reading it? Right. So my data frame is going into the file and looking at the date in this format. And since the date in the file is found in this format, it is able to read it. Data frame is created in the data frame. FL date is now a date. Date is represented in the binary format in the memory. So once it is date, it is date. It is represented in the date binary format in the memory. But when it comes to display the date on the screen on my environment, when I say display, that binary format date is displayed using the default output format set in my environment, right and default file format on the notebook is set as S y y y y slash mm slash dd. Right. So this is date. This is month, this is year. And it is shown in this format because the output format default output format is year month date. So that's why it is showing like this. This is different. We only care about input format right. In what format data is found in the file. We don't care in what format it is displayed. If I want to display it in different format, I will change my environment configuration, my settings in this environment so that it displays in the format which I want. But that's not something I want to jump into right away. Here, we wanted to see if we are able to read the data correctly and create a data frame which looks good, so that I can save it into the target table. So now looks fine, right? Date is date and it is looking like we are able to read correct date. Origin is gone in the origin. Right destination is gone into destination. Distance is gone into distance. Right. So things look fine. Now we are ready to save the data frame. So this is the data frame that I want to save into the table. And you already learned how to save data into the table right. So take the data frame dot right right. For reading spark session dot read for writing data frame dot right. Remember that that's how we write data to a table. Data frame dot write dot mode mode is. Overwrite. We will learn about other modes later, but for now mode is overwrite and then save as table because we want to save this data into a table. Table is found in dev and in spark underscore db database dot. What is the table name? We want to give a table name like FLL I flight time and this is raw data. We have not done any transformation on this data as of now. What we did, we did only one thing read data correctly from the file with the schema that we want. Right. So it is still raw data. So we save it in a table called Flight Time Raw and run it. And hopefully it will write all the records. That's all. If you want you can quickly run a sequel Here percent SQL so that I can type in SQL command in this cell. And we want to do select star from this table and maybe use limit three. So I see only three records. And uh if this gives me three records I know data is coming from the table. So data is loaded in the table. And that is all for this lecture. In this lecture we wanted to learn about how to define a schema for a data source or for a data set data set coming from file. And how to specify that schema for reading the data from the source. And we managed to learn that. And that is all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.