Welcome back. In the previous lectures, we learned about data types. We learned about how to define a schema and how to use schema on read in Apache Spark. But we know that schema is one of the critical ideas in Apache Spark, and schema on read gives us flexibility to read data as a string or integer, or long values as string. You can read in different data types irrespective of what the data type is in the your data file. But data types are very critical, so we must know how to convert data types from one data type to another data type in spark, or how to implement data type correction for your data so that you can perform SQL operations, or you can do analysis without any problem. For example, if you have a date of birth and you want to add five days three hours into the date of birth or a date field, if date of birth is a string and five days, three hours is represented as 5.3 or something like that. How do you add these things? How do you manipulate these things? So data type is important. If your date of birth is stored as or converted into a date data type field, and your 5.3 hours is converted into a interval type, you can write simple SQL for analysis and do the manipulation, do the arithmetic plus minus all those things you can do easily. So correcting data type is one of the critical part of data engineering. And it is related to schema and data types. So in this lecture we will try doing some examples to understand how do we implement data type correction and understand schema and data types in better way. So let's start with an example. So let me go to my chapter four and uh correcting data types. This is the notebook we will be using. Let's connect a cluster with this notebook so we can start coding and executing it. So here is the requirement. Requirement is read raw data from flight time raw table. Remember we created this table in the previous lecture. Let's quickly look at it. We want to um look at the table data and uh, understand this requirement while we are looking at the data. So select star from dev dot spark db dot flight time raw table. This is the table we created. And we did first step of our data transformation or data engineering journey. The first step was take the raw data from a file. Load it into a table. Let's call the table also as raw table. Flight time. Raw table. Now we will take a step by step approach. First step was to collecting data and loading it into a raw table. Second step is to look at the table and make it usable for analysis. Right. This table this raw table is not good for doing the analysis. Why? That's where the requirement comes. the requirement is read raw data from the flight time raw table from this table and apply transformations to time values as our two minute interval. What it says deep time. Deep time wheels on CRS, RR time, and RR time are time fields. They represent R two minute interval. Let's try to understand. Let's look at one of these CRS deep time. By the way, if you don't understand the data, you do not, uh, easily or effectively develop the data engineering work. So let me quickly explain. CRS, deep time is scheduled departure time of the flight. This table represents flight data. Flight time data. So CRS, DPT deep time is scheduled departure time and deep time is the actual departure time. Wheels on is the time of the flight. How long it took? Um. In the air, right. How long it was flying then? CRS RR time is the scheduled arrival time, and RR time is the actual arrival time. So let's look at the scheduled departure time, what it is, where it is. Um, scheduled departure time. Right. 1115. What does it mean? We know our data. So I know this means 1115 two digits from here. From left are ours, two digits from right are minutes. So this data represents 11, 15, 13, 15, 14, 15, 2015. What is this 650. Right. 1245. This alone doesn't make any sense. Even if we understand it as 1115. It doesn't make any sense. 1115 on what? 1st January 15th January 15th December, 31st December what? 1115 when? So we have the flight date here. So 1st January 2000, 1115 was the scheduled departure time for this flight originating from Boston destination to Atlanta, right. So for doing any analysis using this scheduled departure time, this scheduled departure time should be represented as an interval so that we can simply say this date which doesn't have any time component plus this scheduled departure time will give me complete information first January 20th, 20 1115 is the departure time. So to make sense of this data, we have to represent it correctly. For representing it correctly. This value should be represented as interval interval in r and minute. And this field data type of this field is currently long. I guess that's what we did in the previous lecture. We loaded it as long it should be converted into interval data type. So that's the requirement here. Apply transformations to time values as r two minute interval. And these are the five fields. All these five fields should be converted or transformed into interval r two minute interval. One more requirement apply transformation to taxi in to make it minute interval. We have taxi in field also and these values are actually minutes currently in the table. These are stored as long or maybe int but these are minutes. What is taxi in. Taxi in is the time taken by your flight after landing to reaching the arrival gate, right? So your flight will land and then it will move like a taxi on the wheels to the arrival gate. Right? So that's the time. Five minutes, seven minutes, ten minutes, nine minutes. That's what this guy represents. So we have to convert this into minute interval. So all that is converting your data values from long to interval. And that's the requirement for us to do the transformation. How will you do it? And now we are getting into the details of data engineering. Read the data or collect the data. Bring it into your storage. And that part was done. You ingesting or collecting flight time JSON file storing it into our data lake. Step two read data from your data lake. Bring it into spark system or into your table. We call it raw data into a raw table. Then starting with the raw data step by step, converting it into a well-formatted data which is ready for analysis or which can directly be used for analysis. And the first kind of transformation we identified with this data is converting these five fields or six fields into appropriate intervals. Let's try or start doing that. So first step is for doing any transformation. We have to read data from table and bring it into a data frame so that it is in the memory ready for processing. So let us do that. You already learned how to do that right? So I'll simply paste the code here. Flight time raw df equal to spark dot read table. And from table we are reading and creating a data frame. Let me run this. Now the next step is to do the transformation right for these five fields. Transform them from long or integer into our two minute interval. Same thing need to be done for all five fields. And developing that kind of logic of transformation, uh, might not be straightforward or easy thing at once. So as we do programming, we develop logic slowly and then implement it appropriately. So let's try to develop logic for one field CRS time. If we can do it for a scheduled departure time, same logic can be applied for departure time, wheels on arrival time, scheduled arrival time and arrival time, and possibly with the tag scene. Also because all are kind of similar transformations. So let's try to develop the logic. How do I develop and test my logic? I will be, let's say, taking this data frame, right? And uh, applying transformation to a single column CRS, dpt time. So let's do with columns. With columns is a very, very powerful data frame transformation offered by Spark Data Frame API, which allows you to modify your transform or give a logic to transform a single column. A variant for the same is with columns. That allows us to supply a logic for transforming more than one columns. The beautiful part of the with columns or with column transformation is that if your table has got or if your data frame, this data frame has got 20 columns, you are transforming only two columns. The new data frame that you will get after transformation will have remaining 18 columns as it is without any transformation, and two columns after transformation. Right? So it will leave all other columns. Untransformed transform two columns or one column which you want to transform for transforming multiple columns we provide. Syntaxes like this. In a dictionary, the parameter to width columns is a dictionary of key value pairs, and the key is the column name. So which column we want to transform? We want to transform this column. The column name key is the column name, and value is the logic. Logic. We are going to write an expression in the logic most likely and expression will go as a string. But this expr is a function, so we have to import it. So let me import it from from pi spark Dot. Dot functions. Import e p r. Spark gives us a bunch of data frame APIs or data frame transformation methods like with columns with column. We will learn more to do our data engineering work. Plus, it also gives us a bunch of more than 100 functions which we can use to do our data transformation. These functions are there in the this package. So we keep on importing whenever whatever function we need. As of now we need one EXR function. Plus spark gives us a bunch of SQL functions which we can use to do our data engineering. So if you know SQL, you already know those SQL functions. So let's quickly look at the list of things. So I come to spark and go to documentation and you come to spark API docs and you will see SQL built in functions. Let me open this in a new tab and you will see Python API. This is where you can come for looking at the documentation and learning more. So API reference is spark SQL and data frame. All the documentation is in under this spark SQL. And if you come to functions you will see a list of functions. So spark SQL dot functions. We imported expr as of now. But how many are there? Many a long list right? A long long list. A very very long list. Maybe 100 plus. right? Very, very long list. All are listed here. And they are categorized. Right? Normal functions. Conditional functions. Predicate functions. Sorting functions. Mathematical functions like that. They have all these right. Bitwise functions. Array functions. Struct functions. URL functions. XML functions. Variant functions like that. They are categorized for us to easily find it. No course can teach you all these functions. 100 plus. But we keep on searching and looking and learning more and more functions as and when we need it during the doing the data engineering. Plus you have a built in built in SQL function listed here. These are again 100 plus. Most of the built in SQL functions are also available as DataFrame Data.frame functions, right? There are duplicates. For example, if you look at least it is a function defined in the spark data frame APIs or under the spark SQL dot functions list. And that list is also a SQL function. If you look at this list right. So SQL function and data frame functions are we don't call it data frame functions or the API functions. There are a lot of uh, common functions. You can use it in the SQL. You can use it in the Python code for the same purpose. So it's it's not like two x, right. 100 functions defined here, 100 functions defined here. No, it is like 100 functions defined here and 100 plus Some defined here, or maybe some which are defined here, are not available here, and some which are defined here are not available here. But but if you combine both, you can use more than 100 plus functions for doing your data transformation. And do not worry too much if you know SQL, you already know those functions. You will realize it very soon. So we imported Excel. Now let's come back. We were trying to develop the logic to transform this field into an interval, and to develop the logic, or to test my logic. I will be using DataFrame with columns and uh, apply transformation only on this column using some expression. Right. So what do I want to do. Let's come back and understand our requirement my SQL. Let's look at the value. This departure time is a long number, right? Four digit. Some places it is three digit. So if it is like 710 then I read it as zero seven hours ten minutes. Right zero six hours 50 minutes. And this guy is 17 hours 15 minutes. So I have to fix this data problem, make everything four digit. And then what I can do, I can split it between in between. Right. Two digits from the left, two digits from the right. And consider this as r. Consider this as minute two digits from left as R, two digits from right as minutes. But before that I have to make sure that everything is four digit. That's the logic, right? I want to separate out hours and minutes and then represent it as a interval. So let's do that. The first part is to take this field, this field I want to transform right in the expression. Let's write it here. Take this field and apply L pad SQL function here. L pad and pad with making it four characters long. And if it is not four, then use zero to make it four, right? L pad means pad zero if needed. If you don't have four characters on the left side of this field, right. So my value like, uh, where it is. Values Like 050650. Right on the left side, 650 will become 0650. It will so become like that. So I have done the L paddings fix that problem. And what after that, we want to take two characters from the left and consider it as R. So we take another function or help of another function left function on top of the result. And what we want to do take two characters from the left. That's all right. That's my logic for taking out the R field from scheduled departure time. And the result should be a new field scheduled departure time. Let's call it HR or maybe h h. Right. So with columns and with column gives us a capability to transform one or 2 or 3 kind of columns. And the transformation is that create this column using this logic. Right. This column if this column already exists, like if I use it like uh, CSDp time, if this column already exists in the data frame, then replace it. If it does not, then create a new column. So I want to create a new column CRS dp time using these CRS dep time without changing the CRS dp time. Right? CRS dp time will remain as it is. Create a new column with this name using this logic. So I got the H.h. Then one more I got Ars. I also want minutes, right. So same logic and will create a mm field using deep time and lpad will remain as it is. And from left we are not going to take left, we are going to take right digits, two right digits and get this guy right. That's all, isn't it? Uh, and let's call it a step one. Right. That's my step one, DF and put everything into a separate pair of parentheses. So. And, uh, maybe. This guy let me format it a little more. So that's all. This is my step one data frame. So I managed to separate hours and minutes and create a new field. If you want let's let's quickly look at it right. Step one DF dot display. Or let's let's say dot limit. Limit only two records and then display. Right. So let's run this and display two records from the step one data frame to understand if I am on the right path. Right. So uh, let's look at where is the scheduled departure time. Um, scheduled departure time. 1115 1315 and I created two new fields. 1115 1315. So I managed to create two new fields in my data frame without changing the crce dep time, right? And that's the power of with columns transformation. With columns transformation gives us a new field. If you use the same name, the field already exists. Then replace the value of that same field. But we don't want to disturb this guy. We want to create these two new guys separating R and minute field. So I am on the right path. Now. What is the step two? Let's create a step. Two data frame. After doing some more transformation to achieve our final goal, what is the step two? What is left? We got our separate minutes separate, but we need to convert it into a interval interval. Right. And intervals are of different types. We want an interval which has got R and minute only. We don't want year, month. Day. Hour. Minute. Second. Everything. No. We want to create an interval which is R and minute because that's our requirement or requirement is only to create an interval with hours and minutes. Because we have only two values. Eleanor's 15 minutes. How to convert a data type in spark. And there are two ways. One use a function which helps you to convert one data type into another data type. For example, there are functions like two timestamp two date kind of functions, right? Use those functions or there is one standard way. Cast one data type into another data type. And how do we cast. Maybe you have used it earlier also, but uh, let me write the logic here and along the way explain you. So the second step for me is to combine these r and minute together once again and cast it to a interval so that we get a new field which is of interval type. So again same kind of approach. I am going to do one more, uh, transformation here, but this time not on the uh, raw data on the step one data. Right. Because these two fields I'll be using from step one data frame, and then I'll be, uh, writing logic inside this. And what I want, I want to create a new field with the name c r s underscore underscore time underscore New. Let's call it new. And again I have to specify an expression, which is my logic. And in this string I'll be writing the logic. What is the logic? Logic is to combine this r and minute together and cast it as interval. So for combining we have a method or a function SQL function concat. Right in the concat we pass what all do we want to concat. So we want to use this field. Concat this guy, this guy comma concat uh colon comma concat the minute. Right. And that's why we separated it again if we are going to concat r and together are why we separated it. Because for casting a value to an interval, the components of the interval should be separated by a colon, and then only we can cast it. So we got r colon minute. If we look at this value then it will be 1115. This guy will be 13 colon 15. And once we have that we can use the cast on top of it. Cast function. So cast function R starts from here. Take this value and sorry close the cast function here and cast an. Interval. We want to cast this concatenated value as interval. And what are the components of the interval? What type of interval? Interval type is r. Two minute and this is a data type interval r two minute. If you look at the spark data types lecture we talked about the interval types. And this was one of the supported interval type in spark. So this will do the job right. We will get the new field from original C deep time or scheduled departure time. Let's let's try running this. And uh worked. Now let's try displaying it again. Let's quickly look at it. Sorry. not the one. Display the two date second data frame. Step two DF. And we got CRS. DP time knew what it is. Interval 11, colon 15 are two minute. That's how your UI will show an interval data type internally how it is stored we don't know. But how it is shown is what we can see right. So it shows us interval ln r 15 minutes r two minutes. That's how intervals are represented. So this is my target. What I want to do. Use this column instead of CRS. Sorry. Scheduled departure time. My scheduled departure time is. This I want to replace this field with this field. Right. That's what is my goal. So now that I have the logic, I can do it. But let's come back. We have to do it for five different guys. So repeating same code again and again five times for each field is not a good idea. So what we can do, we can write a function in Python. We are not doing SQL here, right? We are doing Python code. DataFrame API is Python. So we can develop a function reusable function and use that function for all the 4 or 5 fields we want to use or transform, right? So let's define a function def get interval right and this function will take h m m value right r and minute value. So for simple understanding it will take whatever value is there in this right. Not in this, uh, in this 1115, 1315, which is our minute value. So we'll take this value and implement the logic that we developed here. Right. So, uh, for that logic we will need expr function. So we want to import that expr function inside the function itself from by spark dot SQL dot functions import ex p and. Return. The result and result will be a expression. My logic. Right. And uh, logic is super simple, right? Logic is The final logic is this right? This is my final logic. So, uh, let's stop uh, multi kind of a string and uh, it will end here and I'll put my logic here. And this is my logic. The final step cast concat this field and this and concat this field. Uh here. As interval are two minute. But this field where this field is coming or what is the logic for creating this field? This field can be created using this logic. Right. This is the logic for creating that field. Why I do it in two steps I can combine the entire logic into a single step. Right. So this is my logic here. And, uh, uh, this is how I created the Em field. So I put up em em field here. But again, I'm writing a function which will take the r minute value and transform that and give an expression to transform that value into a interval value. So this field I cannot hard code here. Right. Instead of working on this field we want that field name to be passed from here and work on the given field. So what I can do, I can put a format here and take this and replace this guy, uh, with the value inside here in pair of curly braces. That's how we provide parameters, formatting specifiers to a string, right? That's all. This is my function. Let's try compiling it. Ah! It worked. Um, at least it compiled. Didn't give me any error. Now we can apply this. We can apply this, uh, on my raw data frame. Right. I'm. I'm reading this data frame. And apply function to the data frame, and we will create a result df the final result df. I'll write code for that inside pair of parentheses and then start with the flight time raw df reading data from the table and apply logic on five columns that are given in my requirement, Write five columns. The first column is what is the requirement? Departure time. Right. So first column is scheduled departure time. What is the logic to. Transform the scheduled departure time. Logic is in this function. So call this function and pass the column name. Which column this function should apply on on this column right. And then next. So with columns this time what it will do it will transform the CRS DP time or scheduled departure time field value. Give me a interval and replace this scheduled departure time column itself. We are not adding a new column here. The goal is to replace the same column, and that's what the width columns are is capable of doing. If the column already exists, if the target column or the final column name, the result column name already exists in the data frame, then it will replace that. If not, it will create a new one. So this is done and same logic is required or sorry required for all the five fields right? What are the fields? The field names are DP time then Wilson. So we can do that DP time here DP time here Wilson. And that's the power of using programming language over SQL for doing the Data engineering work, right? We can write reusable code and use it, isn't it? And arrival time and arrival time. So we are done with all five fields. This guy is also asking to do it on taxi in make it a minute interval. So let's add that. Also I want to replace the taxi in also and replace it with what is the logic? Let's look at the Taxine. Taxine value is represented by minutes here, so I do not have to Lpad Arpad split and then combine. All those things are not required. It is simply a number representing minutes. So I can directly cast it to Interval. Right? So let's write a expression here itself to simply cast it. So what I want to do cast the. Taxi as. Interval. And what are the components in the interval? Only minute by minute. Right when we had a r r n minute in the component of the interval, we said r two minute. When we have only minute in the interval component, we simply say minute. That is all. And that is all. I think we should have result DF and look at the specification of the data frame and uh schedule. Departure time is an interval R two minute departure time is also an interval R two minute Wilson is interval. Taxine is a interval minute. Like that we manage to transform the data frame as per our requirement. If you want, you can simply display the result, look at it once and verify if things are looking fine, and finally save it into a final table. So how to save it? You already learned that, right? We take the result df dot right right dot mod and mod is. Overwrite. We want overwrite and save as table and the table name is dev dot spark underscore db dot what table name we want to give this time Flight time earlier. We gave it flight time underscore raw, but now we fixed all the problems. And this is the final flight time table which we can use for analysis, etc.. So let's write that once and once written. Just curious to see if data is there. Okay. So scheduled departure time. Departure time. When the value was null it is still null and looks like all are good. So that's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.