Welcome back. Data types and schema in spark data frame and in spark SQL are so important, so critical concepts that learning or having a solid understanding of these concepts and how we use these concepts, these things in your data engineering project is super, super critical. So we are going to take one more example to do schema correction or data type correction, along with a little bit of exploratory data analysis. That's what EDA means exploratory data analysis to identify problems in the data. Exploratory data analysis means you take the data, explore it, and analyze to identify correctness or problems within the data, or understand the nature of the data and then identify what you want to do. So we will take one more example where we will do a little bit of EDA and identify some data type and schema problems and, uh, try to fix that. Along the way, we will learn a little more about the schema and data types and deepen our understanding. So let's start. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to chapter four EDA and type correction. So this is the notebook I'll be using for this lecture. Uh this notebook is already connected with the cluster. So we can start writing code and executing it. Let's look at the requirement. We have a requirement to read data from the sales sample CSV file and analyze to identify problems. Sample requirement. Look at the sales sample CSV. Load it into a data frame and analyze it. Do some exploratory data analysis and identify some problems or transformation requirements to make this data useful for analysis work. So let's quickly look at the data file once. Let's open catalog in a new tab window. You can simply do Ctrl click and it will open into a new tab. Let's go to the volume data set and go to our folder. And uh where is the file sample sales sample dot csv. So this is my CSV file. And we want to load this file and uh, do exploratory data analysis to identify requirements for transformation or problems in this file. It is a very small file. I have only three records. One header here purposefully created very small file to make things, uh, easy to understand. So we want to load this data and do exploratory data analysis to identify problems. Right. We already learned that for reading any data from any file we must specify the schema of the data. That's a best practice. We do it to avoid unnecessary incorrect schema inference and unnecessary data read for inferring the schema and avoid performance problems. So let's define the schema. You learned one approach to define the schema in the previous lecture, right? Using uh struct type struct field and then a date type long type string type integer type. Uh in Python. So those are the functions and are defined in the spark or types package to define the schema. That's a hard way. There is a easy way, right? Let's learn easy way. So file a schema. Let's say I have a variable here which I want to define a schema as a string a multi-line string. I'll be writing schema definition here. And that schema definition is something like uh create table statement. The schema definition from create table statement. Let me write it. Let me copy these names from here. Uh, because these are the names. And I want to use the same names to define the schema. These are the fields. Right. And I want to tell the, um, data type here. So ID I want to make it integer name, I want to use it as string or read it as string. Date of uh A purchase. DOP looks like this should be a date type, but I don't want to read it as date type. I want to read it as string only. Right. I will read it as a string and then do the exploratory data analysis on the data frame. Try to understand how can I convert it into date, or how easy it will be to convert into date. And then we will do that transformation, right? But for the beginning, I read it as a string phone number. I want to read it as long amount. I want to read it as string. I know amount should be long or double, but I want to read it as a string. Keep it simple and discount. I want to read this also as a string. And that's the power of schema on read, right? No matter how that field is defined or um, given in the file. I'm going to read it string. And anyway file doesn't tell about data types right. For for this CSV file we have only field name information. Rest all is string right? Rest all is string. So I can easily read it as string without any problem. So we define the schema. And this is one easy way to define the schema. It looks like things defined inside a create table statement right. So it's super simple. So we defined the schema. Now we want to read the data and create a data frame. So let's create a sales raw DF. And we define the definition inside this. How do you read the data from a CSV file. Simple. Start with spark. You already learned that read write and then format. Format is c SV right. And then do we want to give some options? Yes. We have a header in the file. So let's tell header equal to true. We gave that option. So my data frame reader CSV reader is skipping the first row. Any other option. Do you want to specify. Normally when we have a date field in the data file we should always specify the date format, right? If we want to read it as date but we are not reading DOP as date, we are reading DOP as string, so no need to specify the date format. If we want to read it as date, then we must specify the date format because connector need to know in your file how date is represented, in which format, then only it can read it correctly, otherwise it won't be able to read it correctly. So if you are reading date as date. Specify the date format option if you are reading date as string, there is no need. And that's all. Uh, no other option. Now I want to specify the schema. Right. Dot schema. And what is the schema definition a file schema. This is the schema I have defined here. Use this schema and dot load. Load from where we have a data file here. Uh copy path. And we will get the path here. Paste that path. And we want to load it from here. And after loading I want to quickly display this guy dot display. And let's run it. So we can see the data. Right. Three records. That's what I wanted. We had four lines here, but first line was header since I gave header option. So header is skipped and three records are there. So I should see three records. And I'm seeing three record. Looks fine. Look at this schema definition id integer string string long string string. And that's the schema I defined. So it is matching with the schema that I gave and looks fine to me. So we managed to read this. Now we want to do some exploratory data analysis to identify what problems do we have in this data set. Or um what are my requirements to make this data ready for analysis. Right. So how do we do exploratory data analysis on a data set? Spark gives us a simple transformation. Uh this is called. Describe. Spark gives us a transformation called describe. You run describe on a data frame. It will give a new data frame which describes your data. Some statistical analysis about your data. So you got that data frame. And then you can display that data frame right. So let's run this and it will make more sense. So this is the result of the describe right. You have 123456 fields from your table right. Each field is described with these kind of statistics. In the summary you see this is count mean standard deviation min and max. Five stats calculated on each field. And then you get the result. This sometimes is uh one way to do exploratory data analysis. There are many other ways to do exploratory data analysis. It is kind of data analysis, right. Data analysts can give you different, different ways to do the data analysis. But this is one easy way in spark using the describe transformation. And this gives us a lot of information if we read it correctly. Let's go and look at it. Uh one by one count ID3 name three I know in my data set there are three records. So three count, three count looks fine, three count looks fine. Count two here. What does it mean? Why? There are less records in phone field. One obvious reason could be there are nulls, right? Maybe some record. At least one record in is null. Let's look at the data and verify that, uh, there is a null here right in the third record. And it is first, second, third, fourth field. Fourth field is ID name, DOB phone. So phone is null some places. And that's why the count is less right. So that indicates less count indicates null values. Three. Fine. So we learned something about our data, right? Some phones are null. Some customers didn't give us phone number. Mean value. Look at it for this data set mean and standard deviation is not making much sense to me. Maybe it makes sense to you or in some other data set. These things also gives you some good information. But look at the min value. Min value for id is 100 and max value is 102. So I can make a guess that all the IDs are numeric, right? Because min max. Both are numeric values. Uh, name. I don't want to look at min Max. Date of purchase. DOP min value is this. Max. Value is this. And this is weird. Right. Min is 1405 2019. Max is 2020 zero 615. So what it tells me. It tells me that in DOP date has a different format. Date comes in at least two formats. Why why why why? MDD and DD. Why why why why? Right. So date formats are mixed in this, uh, data set. And that makes it difficult for me to convert DOP into a date field. Right? If it is only one format, I can easily convert all the records into date type, right? But if it is mix of formats, things are a little difficult, so we have to apply some tricky transformation to achieve this. Uh, date. Now look at the phone. Phone is also a smallest value is number, largest value is number. So there are nulls. I know, but whenever there is a value, I guess all are numeric. So I can have phone as uh, long or I can convert it into a string depending upon my requirement. Look at the amount. Minimum is 12,000. Maximum is huge. Oh my God, what is this? What is my data representing? It's a sales invoices data. Each record represents somehow one invoice. I know my data. I know my organization, my know my business. So I understand my data. And based on that, I can understand that a single invoice cannot have this much large invoice amount or purchase amount. This is something weird. So conclusion is the amount field has some outliers and those are bogus invalid records. So if I want to use this data for analysis I have to remove these bogus records or filter out the outliers. Take only valid records to make some good sense of the analysis on that data. Right. So that gives me some information. Look at the discount. Minimum is 18.5. Maximum is nil. What is that. What does that mean. Is it null? No, it is not null. If it is null, it should have been represented in the data as null. And you double L, right? And when I read it should be read like this. Null right. No value. Null means no value, but nil is a value. It could be a, b, c somewhere. It could be XYZ somewhere. What do we understand by nil? I can make a guess. Okay. Nil. Maybe they wanted to say no discount zero discount. Nil. Discount. But data is not represented correctly. We have text or a string nil. So we have to fix that. Also in the discount I did some analysis. Learned something. Few requirements are coming from uh best practices or standard developed for my project. For example ID should not be ID, it should be transaction ID name should not be name, it should be customer name. Right. So more detailed, more appropriate column names is one of the best practices requirement from my project. But there are other problems that I identified. So based on that, I have listed down some seven requirements here or seven problems, whatever you say, which we need to address in our transformation and, uh, prepare this data. The first is convert ID from integer to string and rename it as transaction ID. Rename the name column to customer Name, convert the DOP to date format and rename the column to date of purchase. So basically there are seven requirements. We are talking about all the fields. What do we need to do on ID name? What do we need to do on DOP? What is required on phone? What is required to do with amount and similarly discount field by field. All these fields we have listed out the requirement. Now we are ready with the requirement. Next step is to do the transformation. Fix all these problems. You can try yourself. Hopefully you will be able to do it. If not, you will at least identify what challenges you face in achieving these requirements. Write what you do not know, right. And then come to the solution. Look for the solution. So I'm going to anyway develop the solution here. And along the way we will learn some new transformations and functions in spark. So let's say sales DF is my result data frame. And we start with sales raw df and apply some transformation to achieve our goal. What transformation we want to apply. If we want to transform 1 or 2 or few columns from a data frame, we apply with column transformation right or with columns transformation. If we need to transform only single column, we use with column if you want to transform few columns, then we use with columns. But here looks like every field need to be changed, right? We have six seven fields. Every field need to be changed so I can use select sales raw DF dot, select select gives me opportunity to work with all the columns or multiple columns easily. So what? All the columns I have are let's prepare a boilerplate kind of thing. Right. Um, let me copy list from here. So. We want to select ID we want to select name. We want to select DOP. We want to select phone. We want to select amount and we want to select discount. And uh this should be given in As a string. So we want to select all that. In fact we don't want to select them as it is. We want to transform that and then select. Right. So I'm just making a list here. And at the end we will start transforming each column one by one. So amount. And finally we will work on the discount. Now let's uh start working on uh each columns transformation. Read the requirement, convert ID from integer to string and rename it as transaction ID, rename it as transaction ID and before that convert id from integer to string. Currently I am reading id as int, but as per my requirement I want to convert it to string. This is a data type conversion transformation. Mission right. Data type conversion requirement. How we do data type conversion. You learn there are two approaches in spark to do data type conversion. First approach and easy approach is cast. Cast your ID as a string and that is all you are done. Right. That's the first approach to transform the data type. Second approach is use data type conversion functions. There are many data type conversion functions offered by spark, for example up to date, which can convert a string into a date. So we will see that example when time comes and are learn at that time. But here cast will work ID is um integer. As of now I want to cast it to a string and it should work simply. It's a very simple transformation. And after that, we want to rename the result as a transaction ID. And that can be done using alias right as transaction ID. That's all right. Will this work? Right. If I take this sales DF uh, here and have a code like display. Will this work? It won't, because the select transformation takes column names. List of column names. This guy is not a column name. This guy is a logic. How to create transaction ID column. Right? It is an expression. So what do I have to do? I have to import expr function and wrap this guy into an expression. Then only it can work. Same thing. I have to specify logic for transforming the name. Logic for transforming DOP, logic for transforming font and wrap all these under EXR function. Right? Because everything will be expression, select doesn't take expression, so I have to repeatedly keep on using expression with all the fields. There is an alternative. There is a new transformation offered by spark called select expr. Select expr assumes that every thing given here is an expression, right? So this is a valid expression and select expr. Transformation allows us to run this. This is also a valid expression. It's just a column name with no detailed expression, but column name itself is a valid expression. So if I try this it should work. Right. Let's run it. It works right. We have three values. This field is transaction ID. Rest all unchanged. So name itself is a expression, field name is a expression, and a valid SQL like expression, including some function calls is also a valid expression. So we learned about a new transformation called select expr. So that's fine. We are done with the id, rename the name column to customer name and this requirement is super simple. Rename name as customer name alias right. And that is done. Third is convert DOP to date format and rename the column to date of purchase. And we know this guy is little difficult right. Because date is coming in multiple formats. We need to convert it. And if I cast it is not going to work because cast can cast a string to a date if the string is given in the Spark's default date format and default date format is this. Y y y y hyphen hyphen dd. So cast can convert this into a date. But this guy is not in default format. So this transformation is a little difficult. So we park it for later. We'll do it at the end. Let's look at the phone. Kill the easy ones first. Rename the phone column to customer phone. So simple renaming. So as customer phone. Done. Anything else? Phone. No conversion. I think we missed one requirement here because I know in my best practices for my project, we have, uh, requirements to keep phone as string. Do not store phones as numbers. We may get phone numbers with hyphens dashes in between. So keep phone as a string. So let's add that. Cast phone as string here and then rename it as customer phone number. Let's look at the next one. Convert amount to long value and filter out nulls and outlayer values. So we have a requirement here. Convert this amount to long. What is the amount. As of now amount is a string. So let's convert it to long right. Converting an amount to long is super easy. Cast it. Cast the amount as it's not string as long. Ideally, we should convert it to double because its, uh, amount. Right. But for some reason requirement is to convert it to long. So let's do it long. I'm not willing to overwrite the requirement with my knowledge. Uh, convert it to long and rename the column to column name to purchase amount. So purchase amount as purchase amount. Are we done. Convert the amount to long value and filter out Nulls and Outlayer values. So we need to filter out uh, these kind of outlier values. And if there are null amounts also because we know uh invoice amount cannot be null, it's not possible. That's logically incorrect. If we have invoice then there should be some amount. Right. So filter out the nulls and filter out these big outliers. So how do we filter out that cannot be done in the select right. Select is not for filtering. We have a separate, uh transformation. We will add it later in the next step. After select we will add the where clause right where clause or where transformation can be used to filter for uh, some reason spark also have a transformation called filter, which is nothing but an duplicate of where, where and filter are duplicate. One of them is defined as the transformation. The other one is defined as an alias of the first one. So let's assume the transformation was defined as filter and where is an alias for filter, right? So where our filter. Both are same no matter which one you want to use. They do the same thing. Give the string or the logic of the filter. So what is the logic? We converted it into purchase amount and logic is take purchase amount where purchase amount is not null, right? That's the requirement. Purchase amount should not be null and purchase amount. Purchase amount should not be an outlier value. Something like this. Huge value. So what is that outlier value? We need to have some business knowledge to define that in my project. In my business, I have figured out that value is, uh, let's say 20, not 20, 200,000. So in my business, a single invoice can never go beyond 200,000. Right. That's a business rule. That's a logic I have figured out. So to filter out outliers, we add this condition. Purchase amount is less than 200,000. That's all I'll be able to take out these garbages. And, uh, that's done with the purchase amount. Rename the purchase amount is also done. Now convert discount to double converting nil and null values to zero. Rename the column to applied Discount. So we have three requirements here. Convert it to double first. So let's go and try doing that. Converting to double is done by cast. As. Double write. Cost discount as double. It should work. But cost is not a silver bullet which can cost everything, right? Cost has a limitation. Cost can convert a value to a target data type if that value is valid in terms of the target data type. So 18.5 we can cast it to double because 18.5 is a valid double value right. Nil. We cannot convert or we cannot cast it to double. Because nil is a text is a string. It is not a valid double value. So cast will fail. So cast will be successful. To convert some records where double has a valid value amount discount has a valid double value, but wherever it is nil or ABC or XYZ cast will fail. It will throw an error. So if I run this, I will get an error for sure because at least one value is nil. How do we fix that? How do we handle that? How do we convert it? This is the scenario where we can take different approach. Different approach means try data type conversion functions. Simple cast may not work right. So try some different data type functions which can help us to convert the these kind of garbage values into your target value. But there is one more way. In the latest version of spark, we have one more function called recast to make casting more easy, right? Try cast. What? Try Tricast will do. It will take the field discount, try to convert it into double. If it is successful, great. If it is not successful, instead of throwing an error, it will return null. So in our scenario, when Tricast is converting 18.5 into a double, it will be successful. It will do the job give you 18.5 as a double value, but if it is trying to convert nil or XYZ or ABC or those kind of garbage strings, it will fail. And instead of returning an error, it will say null, it will return null. And in our scenario, that's what we want to do. If it is nil or something else, we know there is no discount. We assume that nil means no discount. So Tricast works for me. Right. So this requirement is done. Convert discount to double converting nil and null values to zero. That's another requirement. I have a requirement to convert null and nil values to zero and that makes sense. Also, if discount is null or nil or some none. Right? That means zero discount. No discount given. So the percentage of discount is zero or amount of discount is zero. So let's do that. Also how do we do that. For doing that we take this value wrap it under one more function called Nvl. SQL guys already know this function, right? Nvl will check this value. If it is null, then give some given value and my given value is zero. So if it is null then give me zero. So the entire logic is try to convert. Try to cast this count as double. If it is doable, do it and give me that value and Nvl will do nothing right because we get the value. If you cannot convert it to double or it is null, give me null and if it is null then we take it as zero. So this part is also done. Rename the column to apply discount. So let's add that is simple as discount. All done except the DOP. So how do we handle DOP and what is the requirement. Convert DOP to date format and rename the column to date of purchase. Simple. Two things. Convert it to date and rename it to date of purchase. So how do we convert this DOP into date? We know data is coming in multiple formats. It could be coming in y y y y MMD format. It could be coming in d d m m y y y y format. Right? It could be some other format. So I have to go do a deeper analysis on the DOP field, look at some samples and figure out what all the formats are supplied in this field. And based on that knowledge, I can build the logic. But I have done that analysis and it's a super simple file with only three records. So I know data is coming in this format or it is coming in this format. So we have only two formats to handle here Ymd or DBM y y. How do I handle it? Think about it. Build the logic. All we need to do is to convert it to date, right? And converting it to date can easily be done with cast if the date is in this format. So I know some records are coming in this format, right? Default format. So cast as date should work on those records for other records. Cast will fail. So we have try cast Tricast will give null for other records. So let's try building logic with that. So use try. On DOP. As date. So the default format dates. This guy is converted into date by cast. This guy or all these guys with this format will come as null right. So I can handle null here. On top of that we learned Nvl. So if it is null, then we take a different value. What is that different value? We cannot take zero here and we don't even want to take null here. We know that there is a valid date here in ddmmyy format. So we want to try converting this guy. Now we know this is coming null because the record could be in ddmmyy format. So we can try converting this. But cast will not work for this guy because Cast assumes that the format should be in Yymmdd. This guy is different, so cast is not a solution. This is where we are forced to use data type conversion functions. So I can use data type conversion function here. And one such function is to date we use two date to convert the Convert what dop. Write convert the DOP to date and specify the format two date is flexible. It tells give me the format. It's not like cast, which assumes the default format to date. Asks me what is the format? And that's why to date is able to convert any format to date. So format is made from this string. So this is DD, this is mhm. And these are y y y y. Right. And we also have a requirement to rename it as date of purchase. As date of purchase done. All requirements are met. Now let's try running it once. And uh oops error. This format is not a correct pattern. These Ys are in small, right? And if you are working with date formats, then knowing the format string or format specifier is an important thing. Where do you find that? Let me show you where to find these details in the spark documentation. Let's go to Spark Release SQL data frame data sets. Maybe come to SQL reference and uh date time pattern. Here you will see what symbols to use for specifying date and time formats. Small Y is used for year. We cannot use capital Y, right. And that's why I got that error. Converted it to small y. Let's try it once again. And we got two records. I was expecting two records. One record is filtered out because of this condition with the very huge outlier value. And let's look at the data type. Transaction ID is string Customername string. Date of purchase is date. And now we can say date in the default format right y y y y MMD. This is the default format. Spark will show you the data. This is the default format. Cast will assume that data is coming in this default format and uh, try to convert it. String long double. That's all. We are done with the requirement if you want. After doing that you can verify the statistics. Once again sales dot describe and then display to redo your EDA. So you are sure that all the problems are fixed and you still don't have some other problems or new problems after fixing that data, right? So looks fine. I take it as an opportunity to explain a little more about the describe transformation. Describe transformation by default describes all the fields of the data frame. If you want to describe only few fields, you can use a list of those fields. So let's say I want to describe I don't want to describe this. I want to describe customer phone. Or let's say I want to describe purchase amount and applied discount only. So purchase amount comma apply discount. Describe only two fields. I'm not interested in every field. If you run this you will see summary only for two fields. So that's a Send us a small feature. So think of a scenario where your data frame has got 100 200 fields and you want to describe. You might not want to describe all those 100 200 fields. So if you are interested only in 5 or 10 fields, you can describe that using the list of field names. So that's all. In this lecture we learned a few things right. We learned a new transformation called describe. We learned a new transformation called select EXR. We learned uh tricast Nvl and uh filter where clause or where transformation we already learned. So that's all. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.