Now let's talk about CloudFront. CloudFront is a content delivery network or CDN. So anytime you see CDN in the exam, think CloudFront. It improves the read performance by caching the content of your website at the different edge locations. And because your content is cached all around the world, then your users all around the world will have a lower latency and this will improve the user experience. CloudFront is made of hundreds of points of presence globally and that includes edge locations and caches across the world. On top of it, by having the content distributed globally, we are getting DDoS protection. So DDoS is a sort of attack where all your servers around the world are getting attacked at the same time. We'll see this later on in this course. And the idea is that CloudFront, because your application is worldwide, then you're protected against these attacks also using something called Shield and Web Application Firewall that we will be seeing in the security section. So if you wanna look at a map of the world, these are the map and we see some edge locations as well at edge caches. And so say we had created an S3 bucket and a website on our S3 bucket in Australia, but we had a user maybe in America. Then what the user will do is that it will request the content from an American edge location using CloudFront and CloudFront will be able to fetch the content from Australia. Now, if another user in the US will be requesting the same content, then it will be served directly from the edge and it will not go all the way to Australia to serve that content. Same if a user is in China, then it'll be talking to a Chinese point of presence and then redirected to the S3 buckets, and then the content will be cached at the edge. CloudFront has several types of origins, which are basically backends you want to connect CloudFront to. So we have Amazon S3 buckets for distributing files and caching them at the edge. And also for the other way to upload files to Amazon S3 directly through CloudFront. And the connection between CloudFront and your S3 bucket is secured using something called an OAC, an Origin Access Control. You can also have a VPC origin. So this is if you have an application hosted in a private subnets, in a VPC, then for example, it could be an Application Balancer, a Network Load Balancer, an EC2 Instance. You can connect CloudFront directly to them privately. You can also have any custom origin. So anything that uses HTTP can be used in the backend. For example, it could be a website hosted on Amazon S3. And first we must make sure that the S3 bucket is enabled as a static S3 website or any public HTTP backend you want within or outside of AWS. So at a high level, how does CloudFront work? We have the edge location all around the world, okay? And then it will be connecting to your origin. So would it be an S3 bucket or an HGTP server? And when the client connects and does an HTTP request into your edge location, then the edge location will see if it has it in the cache. If it doesn't have it in the cache, then it will go to the origin to get the request results. And then once it retrieves the results, it will be caching it into a local cache so that if another client requests the same content from the same edge location, then the edge location does not need to go to the origin. So if we have S3 as an origin, then if you look at the cloud, your S3 bucket is your origin in some region, and then you have edge locations all around the world, for example, at Los Angeles. And your users accessing the edge location in Los Angeles will get their content directly served through the edge location. But first the edge location will get it from the origin S3 bucket through the private network. And the S3 bucket will be secured using an origin access control. And by modifying the S3 bucket policy on the S3 bucket. So this is the same when we have a user in Sao Paulo, for example, in Brazil. Again, this will be another edge location, which will be serving users close to Brazil, and then it will be a private connection between your edge location and your S3 bucket and so on. So using CloudFront and the edge locations, we can see that the content of our S3 bucket in one region can be distributed all around the world through the edge locations or points of presence. So one question that's common is what is the difference between CloudFront and something like S3 Replication? Well, if you have CloudFront, you're using the Global Edge network. So this is about 216 points of presence and the files that are going to be cached in each edge location maybe for a day. So this is amazing if you have static content that must be able to be available everywhere around the world. S3 Cross Region Replication is different. It must be set up for each region you want replication to happen. So this is not for every region in the world. And then files are going to be updated in near real time. So there's no caching that happens. And it is only for read only. And so this is great if you have dynamic content that needs to change all the time and be available at low latency in a few regions. So these serve very different purposes. CloudFront is a CDN, which is to cache content all around the world, whereas S3 Cross Region Replication is to really replicate an entire bucket into another region. So hopefully that makes sense about CloudFront. In the next lecture we'll have a play and see how we can set up a CloudFront distribution on the cloud for an S3 bucket. So we'll see you in the next lecture.