By far the service that comes up the most on the exam is Amazon SageMaker. SageMaker is basically the heart of Amazon's machine learning offering, so we're going to spend a lot of time on it. Let's start at a high level. So what is SageMaker for? Well it's intended to manage the entire machine learning workflow. So ideally this is what your process looks like in the real world. You start off by fetching and cleaning and preparing some training data and doing all your feature engineering on it. And then you feed that into a model that is trained on that data, and you can evaluate that model and say, okay, it looks good. Let's go ahead and deploy that model, actually use it in production to actually make inferences on observations that we haven't seen before. Now, once that's in production, we can learn from those results, see how well it's actually doing, and gather even more information. Use that to fetch, clean and prepare even more data, and maybe use those learnings to do a better job of feature engineering. Then the cycle begins again. We'll take that new data, train our model again, deploy it again, take in more data, train the model again, deploy it again, and hopefully things just keep getting better and better and better over time. SageMaker allows you to manage all of this stuff, so it will spin up training instances to make your training happen at large scale. It gives you notebooks where you can actually do your data preparation, and it will actually spin up instances in EC2 to actually deploy your model and sit there as an endpoint, waiting to make inferences in production. Architecturally, this is the idea. So let's start at the bottom here. When we're doing our training, our training data that we've already prepared will be sitting in an S3 bucket somewhere. And Sagemaker's job is to go out there and provision a bunch of training hosts to actually do that training on. Now, the code that it uses, the actual model itself, comes from a Docker image that's registered in Elastic Container Registry. So it will take that training code from a Docker image, deploy that out to a fleet of hosts to actually do that training and get that training data from S3. When it's done, it will save that trained model and any artifacts from it also to S3. At this point, we're ready to deploy that model and actually put it out there in production, right. So at this point we're also going to have some Docker image in ECR. That's the inference code. It's a potentially a lot simpler. It's only job is to take in incoming requests and use that saved model to actually make inferences based on that request. So it pulls in our inference code from ECR. Again, it will spin up as many hosts as it needs to actually provide endpoints and serve those requests coming in. And it will spin up endpoints as well that we can use to communicate with the outside world. So now we might have some client application that's sending in requests to our model. And that endpoint will then very quickly make those predictions and send them back. You know, for example, maybe we have a client that's taking pictures and we want to know what's in the picture. It might say, hey, endpoint, here's a picture. Tell me what's in it. It would then refer to that inference code and the train model artifacts that we have to say, okay, I think it's a picture of a cat and send that back to the client application, as it's just one of many examples. There are a couple of ways to work with SageMaker. Probably the most common is by using the SageMaker notebook, and it's just a notebook instance running on an EC2 instance somewhere that you specify, and you spin these up from the console and it's very easy to use. As you'll see, your SageMaker notebook has access to S3 so it can actually access its training and validation data there, or whatever else you need. You can do things like use scikit learn or PySpark or TensorFlow within them if you want to, and it has access to a wide variety of built in models. So there are pre-built Docker images out there that contain a wide variety of models you can just use out of the box. And we're going to spend a lot of time talking about those. You can also spin up those training instances from within your notebook. So within your very notebook there you can say go spin up a whole fleet of servers that are dedicated, specialized machine learning hosts to execute that training on. And when your training is done and saved to S3, you can also from the notebook say, okay, deploy that model to a whole fleet of endpoints and allow me to make predictions at large scale. And you can even say from the notebook, go ahead and like do an automated hyperparameter tuning job to actually try different parameters on my model and try to find the ideal set of parameters to make that model work as well as possible. All of this can be done from within a notebook. You can also do a lot of this from the SageMaker console as well. The notebook obviously gives you more flexibility because you can actually write code there, but sometimes you'll use them together. So a pretty common thing is to kick off a training job or a hyperparameter tuning job from within your notebook, then switch back to the console and just keep an eye on it. See how well it's doing. Let's talk about the data preparation stage and how that interacts with SageMaker. So again SageMaker expects your data to come from S3 somewhere. So we kind of assume that you've already prepared it using some other means if you need to. The formatted aspects will vary with the algorithm with the actual training code that you're deploying from ECR, right. For the built in algorithms, that's often record IO protobuf format, which is just a data format that's very well suited as the input to deep learning and other machine learning models. But usually these algorithms will also just take, you know, straight up CSV data or whatever you might have. But record IO protobuf will usually be a lot more efficient if you can get your data into that format and you can do that pre-processing within your SageMaker notebook if you want to, that's fine. And these days, you're not limited to S3 as an input source for SageMaker. You can also ingest data from Athena, EMR, redshift, and also the Amazon Key Spaces database. If you want to, you can also integrate spark with SageMaker, which is pretty cool. So if you want to use Apache Spark to pre-process your data at massive scale, you can actually use SageMaker within spark, and we'll see an example of that later on in the course. You also have the usual tools at your disposal that you can use within a Jupyter notebook. Scikit learn numpy pandas. If you want to use that to slice and dice and manipulate your data before you actually feed it into your training job, that's totally fine. So conceptually, the processing stage would look like this. You're going to have some data in S3. That's the data that you want to process. That can be whatever bucket you want, and that will get fed into the processing container that you specify. That can be one of the built in SageMaker ones, or your own user provided container and Docker that does whatever you want, whatever you can dream up. And the output just goes to an S3 bucket again of your choosing. So as long as it fits this architecture. You can work that into your SageMaker notebooks as part of your process and use that processing stage however you need to for training similar process. You're going to create a training job and that's going to take as an input the URL of the S3 bucket that contains your training data. And if you did do some processing in the previous stage, that will be the output of that processing job, right? That will then spin up whatever machine learning compute resources it needs to do that training. You will give it a URL for an S3 bucket to put the output into, and an ECR path that will point to your training code. So that can be whatever you want. Obviously, there's a lot of built in training options you can choose from. There's all the built in training algorithms that we're going to talk about shortly. You can also specify something that works with spark Mllib library. You can have your own custom code that runs in Python with TensorFlow or MXNet. Also, PyTorch is supported these days as well. You can also use scikit learn within Python and RL estimator for reinforcement learning applications. Also XGBoost. All of the models in hugging face and Chainer are at your disposal. Or you can provide your own Docker image that does whatever you want. So if you want to bring your own code, you can integrate that into SageMaker training as well. Also, there's a bunch of algorithms available on the AWS marketplace that you can purchase as well for training for things that might be more customized and things that you need to pay for. Once you have your model trained, it's time to deploy it and do something with it so you can save a image of your trained model to S3, where it can be pulled up and used as you need it. There's a couple of ways to deploy that. One is using a persistent endpoint. So if you just need something sitting there being ready to make predictions all the time from some API or external application, you can do that. That allows you to make individual predictions based on new observations on demand. Or you might want to do things in a batch process, right? So maybe you just have this pile of data that you need to make predictions based on. You can set up a SageMaker batch transform to get predictions for an entire data set, and then just shut down your model when you're done doing that. Lots of cool options along the way of training. Here we have something called inference pipelines that can be used for more complex processing, where you need to chain steps together in more complex ways and tie them all together. There's also something called SageMaker neo that can deploy your model to edge devices, and that can get a closer out to the end applications, you know, distributed around the world. And this special inference instance types for that application, they're available. There's also automatic scaling capabilities. So you can automatically increase the number of endpoints you have as needed. If you're doing a persistent deployment there for on demand predictions. And finally, there's something called shadow testing that can automatically evaluate your new model against the currently deployed one. And if it doesn't perform as well. And we can either be talking about the model's performance in terms of making predictions or its performance in terms of how long it takes. That can be used to automatically catch that error before it actually gets deployed. So there's a little safety net there you can use as well. We'll talk about these in more detail, but for now let's dig into those built in training models that we have at our disposal and go through what we have.