Let's start diving into the long list of built in algorithms that SageMaker offers. You will actually be expected to know about these things and the things that are special and quirky about each one. So pay attention, guys. Take notes. It's all important. We'll start with Linear Learner, which is a pretty simple concept, right? I mean, linear regression. That's kind of like the first thing you learn about in machine learning. And all it is, is the idea of fitting a line to some training data set. Right. So once I have a line fitted to some data, I can just say okay, given an x value, I'll use that line equation to predict its y value. But linear learner does a whole lot more than just that. It is important to remember that it's linear. I mean, not all data sets are really suitable for a linear function, right? Not all data sets are separable by a line. Sometimes you have to have more of a curve to actually get at what's going on. So, you know, you want to make sure you're looking at your scatter plots and figuring out if a line really is an appropriate fit for what you're trying to do. But if so, it can actually do more than just linear regression. It can handle both regression and classification, which is a little bit counterintuitive. I mean, usually when we think about regression, we're thinking about numerical problems, not classification problems, but linear learner can actually do both by using what's called a linear threshold function. So in the classification case it can do either binary or multi-class classification problems. So linear learner can do pretty much anything as long as the line will fit what you're trying to do, its input format. And we're going to get into this with every single algorithm that we look at. It would like to have record IO wrapped protobuf file format in Float32 data. So that's going to be the most performant option for you. But it can also take raw CSV data as well. In that case, it will assume that the first column is the label data, followed by all the feature data, and it supports both file or pipe mode in either case. So what do I mean by that? Well, in file mode in SageMaker, it will copy all of your training data over as a single file all at once to every training instance in your training fleet, whereas pipe mode will actually pipe it and stream it in from S3 as needed. Obviously, pipe mode is going to be more efficient, especially with larger training sets, right? So if you're having a problem where S3 is taking too long to train like it's getting a hard time even getting started, a very simple optimization would be to use pipe mode instead of file mode. Remember that for the exam guys, we'll get into for every algorithm some sort of things that are special about them. So for linear learner, some things you have to know are that the training data should be normalized. And you can either do that yourself or let the linear learner algorithm do that for you automatically. But you have to remember to do one or the other. Either normalize your data up front, or remember to tell linear learner to actually normalize your data for you. You also need to make sure that your input data is shuffled. That's going to be very important for getting good results out of it. Now Linear Learner is actually doing some pretty complicated stuff under the hood. It's using SGD stochastic gradient descent. You can have one of many optimization algorithms to choose from, including variations of SGD like Adam and Adagrad, and it actually trains multiple models in parallel and chooses the most optimal one during the validation step. So pretty sophisticated stuff. It also offers L1 and L2 regularization, which you can tune. Again, these are just ways to prevent overfitting where L1 is ending up doing feature selection, whereas L2 is sort of just weighting your individual features more smoothly. Some important hyperparameters. When you're actually tuning your linear learner model one is balanced multi-class weights, and you want to be able to set that to give each class equal importance in the loss function. So important to remember to set that. Also, you can adjust the learning rate and batch size, just like we talked about when we talked about tuning neural networks. Very much works the same way. And you can also adjust the L1 regularization term as well as L2. L2 goes by the name of weight decay in this particular set of hyperparameters. Also a couple of more parameters that may or may not be important for the exam. Our target precision and target recall. So with either of these, if you set the binary classifier model selection criteria to the appropriate value, either recall at target precision or precision at target recall, what you can do is set a target, a precise value that you want to hit for either precision or recall, and it will either hold the recall at that value while maximizing for precision, or hold the precision at that value while maximizing for recall. Good to know the types of instances you should choose for linear learner are either single or multi-machine. CPU or GPU. So it does help to have more than one machine, but it does not help to have more than one GPU on one machine. So important to remember that stuff just to drive home that this is not your father's linear regression here. One of the examples they give you is actually using linear learner to classify handwriting recognition using the mNIST data set. So that's kind of cool. You can actually use linear learner as a classifier and just feed in raw pixel data and have it classify things. And it actually works. I mean that's crazy right? But again, if you look at how it's working under the hood, it's not that dissimilar from how we train neural networks. So even though it's not a neural network, it works in some ways in a similar manner. So it's kind of cool. So that's linear learner in a nutshell And we're just going to keep plowing through each of these algorithms and talk about the important points that might show up on the exam.