Next, let's talk about XGBoost and its built in algorithm for SageMaker. XGBoost is really hot these days. It stands for Extreme Gradient Boosting. We touched on it a bit when we talked about boosting earlier. It is a boosted group of decision trees. That means that we have sort of a series of decision trees where we keep making new trees that are made to correct the errors of the previous trees, and they sort of build on each other to make a better and better model. It's using gradient descent as it goes. That seems to be sort of the key to a lot of these algorithms, right. And it uses that to minimize the loss as those new trees are added in. XGBoost has been winning a lot of Kaggle competitions lately, so it's really one of the hottest algorithms out there right now. And it's also pretty fast. So, you know, you're not going to pay a huge computational cost to it either. And although you tend to think of decision trees in the context of classification problems, it turns out you can also use it for regression, for predicting numerical values. And it uses something called regression trees for that case. XGBoost is a little bit of an odd duck, in that it wasn't really made for SageMaker from the ground up in the AWS implementation. They just started from the open source version of XGBoost that everybody else uses, and they've been building on top of that. Originally, XGBoost would only take. CSV or Libsvm input within SageMaker, but as of now, in fall of 2020, AWS has recently extended that to accept record I, o protobuf and parquet input formats as well. So they are kind of making it their own now, but at its root, it's open source XGBoost. Because of that, your models just get serialized or deserialized using pickle with Python, and you can also just use it as a framework within your SageMaker notebook using SageMaker XGBoost, so you don't even have to deploy it to training hosts. Or you don't even have to like use a Docker image with it. You can just use it within your notebook if you want to. Of course, it's just going to be running on your notebook instance in that case, but you can also use it as a built in SageMaker algorithm and refer to the XGBoost Docker image in ECR, and deploy that to a fleet of training hosts to do larger scale training jobs. The thing with XGBoost, though, is that it has a lot of hyperparameters, and tuning them is really a the main battle in getting good results out of it. So here are just a few of them. I mean, there's just a ton of them. There's the subsample hyperparameter. You can use that to prevent overfitting. So if you're asked how do I prevent overfitting in XGBoost? Adjusting the subsample parameter is a good way of doing that. So is eta that corresponds to the step size shrinkage, and that is also used for preventing overfitting. Other parameters include gamma, alpha, and lambda. Gamma corresponds to the minimum loss reduction. To create a partition for a new branch of your tree, Alpha and lambda correspond to the L1 and L2 regularization terms, and in both cases larger values will yield a more conservative model. So more hyperparameters that you might see on the exam. Eval underscore metric that allows you to set the metric that you're optimizing on while training. And if you're focusing on accuracy like you usually are, you'll probably set that to something like error or RMSE. But maybe you're in a situation where you care more about things like false positives. And in that case, you might want to be optimizing on something like area under the curve instead AUC. So remember you have that knob available to you. Also scale pause wait. That allows you to adjust the balance of positive and negative weights. So if you're dealing with unbalanced data where you have a lot more negative cases and positive cases, or vice versa. Scale, pause wait can help you deal with that situation. So again, if you're dealing with a positive and negative cases that are out of whack, scale, pause, wait can help you compensate for that, and it suggests setting that to the sum of your negative cases over the sum of your positive cases. Finally, let's mention max depth that does what it sounds like. It sets the maximum depth of the tree that's used in XGBoost. I think it's six by default, but you don't need to remember that. The main thing you need to remember though, is that if you set that too high, you may overfit your model. So the more deep your tree is, the more complicated the model will be. And if your model is too complicated, then you risk overfitting. So that's why max depth can be an important setting to have. As for the advice on instance types to use, keep in mind that XGBoost, at least in its CPU implementation, is memory bound and not compute bound, generally speaking. So if you're not going to go with GPUs, M5 would be a good choice to optimize for memory. However as of XGBoost version 1.2, it is possible to train on single instances GPUs when they're available. So that opens up the possibility of using P2 and P3 instances. Now, in order to do single instance GPU training, you got to set the tree underscore method hyperparameter to GPU, underscore hist. And that can train a lot more quickly. And it can also be more cost effective. So take advantage of that new capability. Also in 1.22, we've also added the G4 and G5 instance types as possibilities to XGBoost, so you can get even more power if you need it, and even better in 1.5 that was introduced in May of 2023, you can now do distributed GPU training as well, so you can have a cluster of g5's, for example, and spread out your XGBoost training over that. To do that, you have to also set the tree method to GPU hist, just like you did in 1.2. But in addition to that, you have to also set use dask GPU training to true as well. Also, when you're setting up the training input, you need to set the distribution parameter to fully replicated, and that will automatically split up your training data across the cluster for you. Keep in mind the distributed GPU training as of now only works with CSV or parquet inputs.