Next up, we'll talk about Sagemaker's Seek to seek algorithm that stands for sequence to sequence, and that might ring a bell from when we talked about RNNs. This is an example of where you just take in a sequence of tokens and you output another sequence of tokens. And like we said before, a common use of that is machine translation. You can think of a sentence as just a sequence of tokens, a sequence of words. Right. And your output would be a sequence of translated words based on that same phrase. It's also used for things like text summarization. So maybe I can take in a sequence of tokens that corresponds to words in a document, and output a sequence that corresponds to words of a summarization of that document. Speech to text. Another example of that, I might have tokenized some audio waveforms, and I want to output tokenized words in text instead. Under the hood, it can implement this with either RNNs or CNNs with attention, which is sort of an alternative method. So even though we talk about sequential data as being a fit for RNNs, they can also be a fit for CNNs as well. It expects record I o protobuf as its input, where the tokens are integers. And that's a little bit unusual because most of the algorithms in SageMaker want floating point data. But if you think about it, the sequences are going to be tokens, right? So we're going to have some sort of a sequence of things. And those might be integer indices into vocabulary files for words or something else. And it really should be record io protobuf format, because that is really custom built for being a good input into a neural network like this. So you need to provide training input in the form of tokenized text files. You can't just pass in a text file full of word documents or whatever, right? You need to actually build a vocabulary file that maps every word to a number. Because, you know, computers like numbers, not words. So you're going to have to provide it with both that vocabulary file and the tokenized text files or whatever else you're tokenizing as the input. There is sample code provided in SageMaker that shows you how to actually do that and convert everything to the record io protobuf format that it expects as input. It ends up looking a lot like that Tfidf lab that we did earlier, actually. But at the end of the day, you provide training data, a validation data set, and a vocabulary file that it can use to actually map those tokenized files to actual words or whatever it is you're trying to encode. Now, as you can imagine, building a machine learning model that can translate between two different languages is a pretty tall order. And yeah, it can take days to train these things, even using the power of SageMaker and, you know, huge fleets of training hosts. Fortunately, there are pre-trained models available. So if you look at the example notebook they provide, they'll show you how to actually access pre-trained models for translating from one language to another. The details aren't important for the exam, but you just need to know that you can do that. And there are public training data sets out there as well that you can use for a specific translation tasks. You don't need to go out there and build your own dictionary of every word in English, and how that corresponds to every word in German. For example, there are people who have done that work for you already. So again, very common use of seek to seek is in machine translation. Usually that's the context you hear it talked about in the hyperparameters for seek. To seek are the ones you would mostly expect for a neural network batch size the optimizer type Adam SGD or Rmsprop the learning rate. How many layers do I have? Um, the thing that's a little bit different about it though are the optimizers. So what are you optimizing on? You can just optimize on accuracy. So you could provide a validation data set that says, here's what I think the correct translation of this word of this sentence would be and it will measure. Well, did I get that right or not? But in the world of machine translation, the results tend to be a little bit more nuanced, right? So you're going to use different metrics more likely. For example, Bleu score can actually compare your translation against multiple reference translations. So it can have a little bit more of a wiggle room there as to what's considered correct. There's also a metric called perplexity that's used in this space. That's a cross entropy metric. But for the purpose of the exam, just remember that Bleu score and perplexity are well suited for measuring machine translation problems. Obviously, as a deep learning algorithm, it takes advantage of GPUs and you should just use GPU instance types for this. As we said, it's a very heavy duty algorithm, so you're probably going to want to throw a P3 node at it. Unfortunately, you can only use a single machine for training, so it cannot actually be parallelized across multiple machines, which is kind of a bummer given how intensive this training is. However, the good news is it can use multiple GPUs on the same machine, at least so you want to. If you're doing a very large training job with seek to seek use a very beefy host. Uh, P3 with lots of GPUs.