Up next in our SageMaker bestiary is deep R. Deep. R is used for forecasting one dimensional time series data. So it's kind of the classic use case of an RNN of a recurrent neural network. So we're looking at a sequence of data points over time and trying to predict what that sequence will do in the future. For example, looking at stock prices and trying to predict future stock prices. What's a little bit different about it over just a straight up RNN, is that you can actually train deep R over several related time series at once, so it's not limited to training over a single time series. If you have many time series that are somehow interdependent, it can actually learn from those relationships between those time series. To create a better model for predicting any individual time series, it's able to find frequencies and seasonality. So you know it's going to be better than just a straight up linear regression, sort of an approach. It can actually learn the nuances of your data over time and feed that forward into the future for you for training input. It has a wide variety that it can take. It can take JSON lines format, and that can be gzipped or in parquet format for even better performance. Basically every record of that input data has to have a starting timestamp followed by the time series values, and optionally it can also include dynamic features such as you know, was a promotion applied to the product in the time series or the product purchases. It can also include categorical features as well. So if you have that sort of additional data, it can also learn from that as well. A little example of what the input format might look like is below here. Basically you have start containing the starting timestamp and then target, which is a list of time series values for that time series. And then optionally you can have categorical features and dynamic features as well. So how is it used? What's quirky about it. Well you always include the entire time series for training, testing and inference. So even though you might only be interested in a certain window of it, you want to give it all the data you can so it can learn better. Always use the entire data set as a test set, just removing the last time sets for training. So training and testing RNNs and time series data is a little bit weird. That way you want to evaluate on the data set you withheld, but still have the original data before that to actually use for evaluation. You don't want to use very large values for prediction length. So don't try to go beyond, say, 400 data points that you're predicting in the future. Things get a little bit wiggly after that. And again, if you can train on many time series that are related together and not just on one that will unleash the full power of deep R for you. Some of the hyperparameters in deep R are the ones that you would expect with a neural network of any sort. The number of epochs for training, the batch size, the learning rate, num cells is just how many neurons we're using in it. We also have the context length though, and this is basically the number of time points the model sees before making a prediction. And that can actually be smaller than your seasonality period. But remember that the model is going to lag by one year anyhow. So even if you're doing a shorter context length that you're using, it's still going to be able to go back in time and pick up seasonalities on the scale of up to one year. That's why it's important to always give it the entire data set for training, and not just the window that you care about. That way, it can pick up on those seasonal trends based on more historical data. Here's the latest guidance on instance types. For deep R, you can use either CPU or GPU instances. This can run either on a single machine or a multi machine. So it's very scalable. You can deploy this across a cluster if you want to. However, just because you can use a GPU instance doesn't mean you should. The official recommendations from AWS are that you start with CPU instances, specifically the MLC 4.2 Xlarge, or if you need more, the MLC 4.4 Xlarge instance types and only move up to GPUs if necessary. The reason is this only really helps with larger models with deep R, so if you're using a really large model, or you're using large mini batch sizes specifically greater than 512, then GPU instances might make sense for you. This is only for training though, so for inference only CPU types are supported. Now remember you may need larger instances for tuning. The tuning stage may take quite a while and be very compute intensive so sometimes it makes sense to use beefier instances for the tuning stage and then throttle that down a little bit for the actual production stage.