Next, let's cover the blazing text algorithm, and you would think with a name like Blazing Text, it would be this incredibly general purpose, huge natural language processing thing. But in reality, it's fairly constrained in what it can do. So don't let the name fool you. What is it for? Well, it can be used for a couple of different things. One is text classification, so it can predict labels for a given sentence. If you train the system with existing sentences and the labels that you have associated with them. So this is a supervised learning system where you train it with a group of sentences and labels that you've associated with those sentences. And it can take that information and predict labels for new sentences that you pass in in the future. This is useful for things like web search or information retrieval, but remember, it's intended only for use with sentences, not entire documents. That's an important distinction to remember on the exam. The other thing it can do is what we call a word to vec. This is a word embedding layer that it creates. So it creates a vector representation of words where semantically similar words will be vectors that are close to each other. In the space of this embedding layer, basically it's finding words that are similar to each other. So you might ask yourself well how is that helpful? By itself it often isn't. But for other natural language processing algorithms it can be a useful component. So you can use that embedding layer that gives you similar words when you're doing things like machine translation or sentiment analysis and other things. But remember, word two vec only works on words. It does not work on entire sentences or entire documents. It's just giving you this embedding layer that puts similar words close to each other. That's all it does. So blazing text two things supervised text classification or word two vec, which is a word embedding layer for finding words that are similar to each other. Now the training input that it expects is very specific. So for supervised mode when you're doing the text classification, basically you're going to feed in one sentence per line. And the first so-called word in that sentence will be the string underscore underscore label underscore underscore followed by the actual label for that sentence. It also accepts what we call augmented manifest text format, if you wish. And for word two vec mode, it just wants a text file with one training sentence per line. So an example of what the input for the supervised mode might look like is below. Here you see that we have underscore underscore label underscore underscore for. That means I'm going to associate label number four with the following sentence Linux ready for prime time, blah blah blah. And notice that we've tokenized this so that every word is separated by a space with other words. And that also goes for punctuation. So you'll notice that there's spaces around the commas and the periods as well there too. We've also lowercased everything to make sure that we don't have to deal with case sensitivity in the algorithms either. So this is an example of what that actual input would look like. Remember that these input formats are actually important and could show up on the exam. The augmented text format is also shown here, which is a little bit more of a structured way of putting that together. We have a source and a label field where we have again the tokenized and pre-processed sentence and the actual label number as well There are a few different modes of operation for word two vec. One is called cbow, which is continuous bag of words and envision, if you will, a bag of words. It's exactly like that. So the idea there that you're trying to picture is that these words aren't really structured in a way where the order of the words matters. It's just a bag of disconnected words that it's learning relationships between. So the actual order of the words is being thrown out during the training process. It's just the words themselves that matter. However, it also has two other modes skip gram and batch skip gram, which are different. Those can be actually distributed over many CPU nodes. In the case of batch skip gram, which is kind of good. Skip gram we're talking about n grams there. So the order actually does matter in that case. Important hyperparameters. Again, this differs based on which mode you're using for a word to vec where we're doing the embedding stuff. The mode is obviously very important are using continuous bag of words skip gram or batch skip gram. Also learning rate window size vector dim and negative samples all are important parameters for tuning the performance of that for the text classification mode. The the usual suspects for neural networks come into play here. The number of epochs, the learning rate, and also the word n grams and vector dimension for actually seeing how many words are going to look at together. For the continuous bag of words and skip gram modes of blazing text, they recommend a P3 node, and you can use a single CPU or single GPU instance as well, but this will take advantage of GPUs. However, it can only use a single machine. However, batch skip gram can use multiple CPU instances instead, so if you do need to scale horizontally, batch skip gram would be the way to go, but you're going to be using CPUs instead of GPUs for that one. For text classification mode, they recommend a C5 node if you're using less than two gigabytes of training data, and if you need something bigger, you could go up to a P2 xlarge or a P3 dot two xlarge so it can go with either CPU or GPU on that one.