Still going further with our computer vision stuff. Let's talk about semantic segmentation. And you might recall that image classification only detects what objects are in an image. Object detection actually went further and told you the bounding boxes of where those objects are within the image. Semantic segmentation takes it one step further, so it's actually pixel level object classification. So what you get back is a mask that looks like this that says for every single pixel in the image, what do I think that is an image of what object is that pixel belong to? So in this case you can see there's probably some sort of a stuffed animal or something holding a rose with a bucket in front of it. Right. So for every single pixel it can tell you this is a stuffed animal, this is a rose, this is a bucket. And, you know, obviously that comes into play in things like self-driving cars where you really need that kind of granularity of where things are. So again, we're not just assigning labels to whole images or even bounding boxes. We're actually going down to the pixel level here and some other applications besides self-driving vehicles are medical imaging, diagnostics, robot sensing, things like that. We call this mask a segmentation mask that maps individual pixels to labels or classifications, if you will. When you're training it, it expects either JPEG or PNG files with annotations associated with them, and it needs both training and validation data, of course. It also has label maps to describe what those annotations are in plain English, and it can also accept augmented manifest image format. If you want to use pipe mode, which again can be a big performance boost by allowing you to stream the data in from S3 instead of copying everything over for inference. It will accept a JPEG image to say, okay, well, here's a picture. Tell me everything that's in it. At a pixel level under the hood, it's built on gluon and gluon CV, which in turn is built on top of Apache MXNet. And it gives you a choice of three different algorithms to use. So you can use a fully convolutional network or an FCN. Also an algorithm called pyramid scene parsing or PSP. And finally Deeplab v3. The details of how that works is not important for the exam. So I'm not going to clutter up your brain with it. You have your choice of a couple of flavors of ResNet for the underlying architecture of the neural network, ResNet 50 or ResNet 101. And both of those are going to be trained on the ImageNet database, which knows about most common everyday objects. And like the other computer vision techniques we've talked about, you can do incremental training with it as well or train it from scratch with whatever you want to do. You can train it on an entirely new set of objects, or start off with ImageNet and build upon that if you want to. Again, the usual suspects for deep learning hyperparameters here. Epochs. Learning rate, batch size. Optimizer. Also, your choice of algorithm that we talked about is obviously important when you're tuning things. And the choice of backbone as well is an important parameter to tune when you're doing hyperparameter tuning of semantic segmentation. Current guidance on instance types. For semantic segmentation, only GPU instances are supported for training. That means currently a P2, P3, G14, or G5 instance, and you are also limited to training on a single machine only with semantic segmentation. On inference, you have more flexibility. You can either use a CPU instance, they recommend either a C5 or an M5, or you can use a GPU instance if you want either a P3 or a G14.