Let's dive into Sagemaker's other topic modeling algorithm, LDA, which stands for Latent Dirichlet Allocation. I think it's pronounced d or clay. There's some debate over how to say that. Actually some people say it's Dirichlet. I think it's Dirichlet. It sounds French to me. Anyway, it's another topic modeling algorithm that's not based on deep learning. And again, it's unsupervised, just like neural topic model. It's just not using a neural network under the hood, but otherwise it works the same way. So from a from a usage standpoint, it's the same sort of a thing. The topics themselves are unlabeled. They're just groupings of documents based on what words these documents share in common. And you can actually use this for things other than words if you want to. You could even cluster customers together based on their purchases, or do harmonic analyst analysis in music if you want to, using the same algorithm. So even though it's most commonly used for topic modeling and documents, it's actually a more general purpose. You can use it for other things too, that are just based on unsupervised clustering, based on things that each object has in common. So it takes in a training channel for actually analyzing the data. And optionally you can pass in a test channel if you just want to measure accuracy. Again, it's unsupervised, so it's not really going to be testing anything. The input can either be record I o protobuf or CSV. And again we need to tokenize that data first. Every document will just have counts for every word in the vocabulary for that document. So we're just going to pass in a list of tokens, integers that represent each word and how often that word occurs in each individual document, not the documents themselves. Same deal with neural topic model. And if you want to use pipe mode that's only supported with Recordio format for LDA. Again, it's unsupervised and it will generate however many topics you specify, just like with neural topic model. And that num underscore topics parameter is going to be the main dial that you want to adjust here. Optionally, you can pass in that test channel if you just want to score the results. The score comes back in terms of per word. Log likelihood is the metric that we use for measuring how well LDA works. So functionally it's the same thing as neural topic model. But under the hood it's a very different approach. It's CPU based not GPU based. So as a result it can be maybe a little bit cheaper and more efficient, since you don't need expensive GPU instances to train it. Again, number of topics is going to be the main hyperparameter that you care about that will control how coarse or fine tuned these topics will be that it generates. And again, these are not human readable topics we're talking about. They're just groupings of documents. So we're going to end up with however many num topics groupings that you specify. And it's kind of up to you to figure out what they really mean. Another important hyperparameter that's worth tuning with LDA is AlphaZero. Under the hood. That's the initial guess for what they call the concentration parameter. So smaller values will generate sparser topic mixtures, whereas larger values produce uniform mixtures. But you don't need that level of detail probably. Just remember that the number of topics is the main thing to tune with topic modeling. And in the case of LDA, we don't have all the deep learning stuff to tune. We just have this AlphaZero parameter again, CPU only for training. And furthermore it has to be a single instance, so can't parallelize the training of this. Just a single CPU node is all you need.