Next up is KNN, which is probably the world's simplest machine learning algorithm out there. K nearest neighbors. But SageMaker does take it to the next level. If you're not familiar with KNN and how it works, it's a really simple. Basically, you plot your data points in some sort of feature space, and for a given point, you just take the k closest points to that sample and return the label that occurs most frequently. So you're just looking at the k items that are most similar based on some distance metric from your point to the other points in your training data, and return the most frequent label from those similar data points. It turns out you can actually use KNN for regression as well, so it can do more than just classification. It's just a very simple twist on it. Instead of just returning the most common classification label from the nearest neighbors, you return the average value from whatever feature you're trying to predict. So yeah, no big deal. KNN very simple classification or regression algorithm. All it's doing is looking at the k nearest neighbors quite literally of your data point in some feature space. So you can give it a train channel that contains your data. The test channel can be used if you want to measure accuracy or MSE accuracy metrics for training. It can take record I, o protobuf or CSV for CSV. The first column would be the label data, followed by all the features, and you can use file or pipe mode in either case. So like I said, SageMaker kind of takes it to the next level. First, it actually samples the data, assuming that you have too much to deal with. KNN does have some scaling problems otherwise, and furthermore it does dimensionality reduction on that data as well. So if you do have a lot of features, it will try to boil that down first to avoid the curse of dimensionality. That way it becomes easier to compute those nearest neighbors if you're in a smaller dimensional space. This does come at the cost of noise inaccuracy, of course, so you know you want to be a little bit careful in how you do that. Under the hood it has a couple of options for that sign or fault or the options there. Once that's done, it builds up an index for looking up the neighbors quickly at runtime, and then serializes the model, and then you just query the model for a given value of k. How many neighbors do I want to look at before I get back the average value or the classification that I'm looking for? Obviously, the most important hyperparameter in KNN is K itself. How many neighbors do I look at tuning? That is kind of a science in its own. You kind of have to experiment and see where you start to get diminishing returns on higher values of k. Also, sample size is an important thing to tune here as well. Otherwise though, it's straight up KNN. If you've ever done machine learning before, you know what it's about. You can train it on either CPU or GPU instances, which I kind of find kind of interesting. You can actually take advantage of a GPU for KNN, so either an M5 dot two Xlarge or a P2 dot xlarge are recommended for training for inference, CPU or GPU, whatever you want. CPU will probably give you lower latency, but GPU will give you higher throughput. If you're trying to run KNN on large batches of data all at once