Up next, K means another very common machine learning algorithm out there, and SageMaker provides it as well. And again, they take it to the next level. So what's K means all about. Well it's an unsupervised clustering technique. It's important to remember that KNN typically. And it's important to remember that KNN was technically a supervised technique where we're learning from the labels of the training data there and getting the nearest neighbors from those labels, right. K means, however, is unsupervised. So basically it's just going to take a look at your data and try to divide it up into ways that make sense in the feature space. The way it works is it divides your data into k groups. That's where the k and k means comes from, where each member of a group is as similar as possible to each other. So it's trying to find, you know, where these clusters are centered in your feature space and how to divide those clusters up. So it's up to you to define what similar means. How do I actually measure how similar two points are to each other? Often that's just a Euclidean distance in the space of normalized features. But you can make it whatever you want Really. So what SageMaker brings to the table is web scale. K means clustering. Doing this at large scale can be challenging because we have to look at every single data point in there and figure it out. So SageMaker brings to the table a way of doing this at very large scale. The training input. You need a training channel obviously to actually, you know, analyze your data. But since it is unsupervised the test channel is optional. That's only going to be used for measuring your results against some test data set that you might have. Now, when you do training and testing in SageMaker, you can specify how it's interoperating with S3. So for training you want to be using the sharded by S3 key flag when you're actually doing the training. And while you're testing you would want to use fully replicated. So this is just saying I'm actually going to copy all of my data from S3 to every single training node or not. In the case of training in this case, you don't want to copy everything over. If you want to scale better, you want to shard that data by the S3 key. So if you're going to be using multiple machines for training, that allows it to be a lot more efficient. The format itself can be either record I, o protobuf or CSV, and you can use file and pipe mode in either case. So how does K-means work under the hood? Well, we start off just like we would with regular K-means. We map every observation to n dimensional space, where n is the number of features. So you can picture this multi-dimensional space where every dimension is a feature. And we're basically measuring how similar observations are based on their distance in that dimensional space. The job of K-means is just to optimize the center of where those k clusters are, and we actually can specify in SageMaker extra cluster centers, which will further improve the accuracy. So the actual number of clusters that we want to end up with is little k. Here. The actual number of clusters that we end up working with big k is k times x, where k is the number of clusters we want to end up with. X is the extra cluster centers term. And we're actually going to be working with big K here, which is a larger set of clusters initially that we reduce down to the number that we want when we're done. So that's one little twist that SageMaker puts on things. It's actually using more clusters at the beginning of the process, and trying to consolidate that down to the number of clusters you want over time. Another extension that it has in the actual algorithm is the process of determining the initial cluster centers. So standard k means would just have you pick those initial cluster centers at random. But that can result in your clusters being too close together potentially. So to avoid that problem it's using something called k means++. In all k Means++ does is try to make those initial cluster centers as far apart as possible. So that makes the training work a little bit better. So we iterate over that training data, trying to calculate better and better cluster centers at each pass. At the same time, we're trying to reduce the clusters from big K, which takes those extra cluster centers into account down to little K, which is the actual number that we want to end up with for the number of clusters. If we're using k means++, it's specifically using something called Lloyd's method to do that reduction Important hyperparameters obviously k. Choosing the right value of k is tricky. Um. Often people use what's called the elbow method. So you plot the within cluster sum of squares as a function of k, and just try to find the point where larger values of k aren't really producing any benefit and go with that. You want to optimize for how tight your clusters are. That's what within cluster sum of squares is measuring. Also, you want to look at the mini batch size extra centre factor. That's that x parameter and the init method which will be the random or K-means plus plus as ways of tuning your k means model in SageMaker. For instance types. They do recommend CPUs for training here, although you can use a GPU instance if you want to. If you do use a GPU instance, remember only one GPU per instance may be used, so they recommend using a ML G418 Xlarge. In particular, if you want to use GPU acceleration for training for training or inference. They also support P-2s, P-3s, G4 and G4 instance types.