And let's cover the IP insights algorithm in SageMaker. IP insights is all about finding fishy behavior in your web logs. So it's an unsupervised technique that learns the usage patterns of specific IP addresses, and it automatically identifies suspicious behavior from given IP addresses so it can identify login attempts from anomalous IP addresses. It can identify accounts that are creating resources from anomalous IP addresses. So basically it's used as a security tool as a way of analyzing your web logs for suspicious behavior that might cause you to flag something or maybe shut down a session. It can take in usernames and account IDs directly, so you don't really need to pre-process your data a whole lot. It has a training channel, obviously, but since it is unsupervised, the validation channel is optional. If you want, you can use that to compute an area under the curve score, which we talked about earlier. Remember the input has to be CSV data. And it's a very simple CSV file. It's just entity and IP address. So that entity again can be a username or an account ID or whatever identifier you use, followed by the IP address associated with that entity. That's it. Under the hood, it's using a neural network to learn latent vector representations of entities and IP addresses. So it's, you know, doing some pretty fancy modeling there to try to learn what specific IP addresses do. Those entities are hashed and embedded. So it has an embedding layer to like try to organize those IP addresses together. You need a sufficiently large hash size for this to work. So that's going to end up being one of our important hyperparameters. And it will automatically generate negative samples during training by randomly pairing entities in IPS. So that's kind of a neat little twist to the algorithm there. This is a case where we have an unbalanced data set right. So it's kind of like fraud detection where the vast majority of transactions are not going to be anomalous. So it actually generates anomalous examples by just randomly pairing together entities and IP addresses. And you know, those are random fishy things that probably are anomalous. So kind of a neat idea there. The important hyperparameters, the number of entity vectors, the hash size. That's all that is that we talked about earlier. They recommend that you set this to twice the number of unique entity identifiers. So a little bit of a manual step there. Also the size of the embedding vectors is given by vector dim. Something else you might want to tune to. Larger result there could result in overfitting. So something to be careful of there. And since it is a neural network under the hood, we have the usual suspects for tuning neural networks the number of training epochs, the learning rate, and the batch size. You can use a CPU or GPU, but since it's a neural network, GPUs are recommended. If you can, a P3 dot two xlarge or higher is recommended, and it can use multiple GPUs on one machine. The size of a CPU instance would depend on the parameters that you chose if you're going to go with CPUs instead. So again, main thing with IP insights, it's used to identify anomalous behavior from IP addresses using a neural network. That's the main takeaway