Before we start, I want to start with this awesome quote by Werner Vogels. So this was a quote that he made on stage at AWS, and it really sets the stage of what we're going to be talking about here. If you think about our data and you think about just today's world in terms of like the digital landscape, we really find ourselves in a world where our data has become the most valuable currency. Our data flows through every aspect of our lives and businesses. It shapes decisions. It shapes outcomes of how businesses are going to transform. And because of that, data tends to be a frequent target of concern when we think about securing our cloud and our data centers. So again, it brings to mind this famous saying dance like nobody is watching encrypt like everyone is. So as we dive into this topic, let's keep in mind Voegele's words and adopt the mindset of encrypting like everyone is watching high level here. Let's talk about the different encryption options. Now, these encryption options aren't necessarily specific to Amazon S3 but of course, since this is an Amazon S3 deep dive course, that's the example I'm going to use here. So we have our clients or our user or it could be an application over here on the left with our person. And of course we have our S3 bucket. So the first option that we have for our data before we ever even think about moving it to a cloud or any other device is, well, we can encrypt it using something like an AWS encryption SDK or other options that we have available to us on premises. If your data currently lives on premises, we can use what's called client side encryption in order to encrypt it in our data center. Before we ever move it to the cloud, we may have something like an HSM or other solutions on prem that we can use to encrypt our data and then we can move that data into our bucket. So in that case we control everything in regards to encryption, we manage the keys, we manage all aspects about encryption. The only thing we do for Amazon is we simply just put that in our bucket. It's just a simple place to store our encrypted data. Now when we do move that data from our data center, our home or whatever up into Amazon. S3 Well, we're going to go across some connectivity. That connectivity could be across the public Internet. It could be across something like a direct connect or a VPN or some other connectivity through a partner that allows our data to be moved from our data center into Amazon's cloud. Now, when we do that, what we need to do is make sure that our data is encrypted in transit and we would do this using TLS. And when I say we would use TLS, well, by default, that's going to happen because Amazon S3, the API is going to be secured by an Amazon certificate and naturally our client is going to negotiate a secure tunnel between the data center or whatever client is going to transfer that data to Amazon S3 API or ultimately the S3 service. So by default, we're going to be able to use TLS to secure our data in transit. That, of course, means when that data is moving across the wire, when it's moving from your data center to Amazon, S3, whatever wire it goes across, whether it's fiber, whether it's copper, whether it's satellite, whatever, we want to make sure that data, when it's moving, is encrypted. And this is called in-transit encryption. And the final one here is, well, what happens when our data lands in our bucket? What happens when it's written to a device inside of Amazon's data center? Well, in order to encrypt our data in a bucket, we have multiple options here. So we have what's called server side encryption. That means when our data lands on the server, when it lands on the device, on the target platform, which in this case it's Amazon S3, it's going to be encrypted by that service using some key. It's going to write that data in an encrypted format. We're relying on the target platform again, in this case Amazon S3 in order to encrypt our data. That's called server side encryption. And a lot of times we refer to that as encryption at rest when we write the data to disk, when the data is sitting on the disk, that's generally called encryption at rest. So again, Amazon provides us with multiple ways in order to perform encryption at rest when we write our data to Amazon S3 So hopefully this brief introduction into the different options for encryption really helps set the stage for this encryption topic. And you better understand the different options that you as a customer have before you write any data to Amazon S3.