The next one I want to talk about is server side encryption, and that's generally going to be abbreviated as SSA. So, you know, the world of it, everything relies on abbreviations. So if you see SSA, make sure you know that that is server side encryption. In this scenario, here we have our objects that are not yet encrypted. Maybe these are objects that live in our data center. It could be customer data, it may be data that includes some sensitive data like Social Security numbers, credit card numbers, something like that. Maybe there's simply logs that are being outputted from your application that may contain some sensitive data. It really doesn't matter in this case, but in this scenario, we have objects in your data center at home, at wherever that are not yet encrypted. And what we want to do is we want to ensure that when we upload these objects into Amazon S3, they are encrypted at rest using keys that reside in AWS. If we take our object and we go ahead and upload these so for example, this object, it's going to be encrypted with a key and it's going to look different from the object that we uploaded. So that's why the circle turned into a diamond here, because now that's our same data, but now it's encrypted with the key that was used to encrypt our data. And so as we continue to upload our data, we can either choose to use the same key for all of our data, or we can choose to use multiple keys for our data. That's the reason I'm changing colors here for each individual object is because maybe we want to use different keys. Maybe we have a key for prod, maybe we have a key for dev. ET cetera. And we want to ensure that our data is encrypted using the desired key. So as we continue to upload data, of course it continues to be encrypted at rest and then stored in our S3 bucket. Keep in mind that when you do use SSC, the key that is used to encrypt your data follows what's called envelope encryption in order to protect the key itself. So we have our encryption key that's used to encrypt our data. And then we also have another key, a master key or a management key in order to encrypt our encryption key. Now that encrypted encryption key is stored alongside of our data. So that's why I'm showing the key alongside of our data inside of our bucket. Now, keep in mind, though, even if we are uploading our data from our data center into our bucket and our data is encrypted at rest using keys that live in AWS, keep in mind that our objects are still encrypted in transit. We're still using TLS in this process to move data from our data center into Amazon. S3 So even on the wire, when we are transferring our data from our data center into AWS, even if we're moving unencrypted objects, well, it's still encrypted in transit using TLS. Don't think that you're sending unencrypted objects across the wire. It's still encrypted using TLS. Then when it lands on AWS, it's decrypted. And then finally, the key encrypts that object and then it writes it to the bucket. At no place in time during the transfer of this data, was your data ever written anywhere or accessible anywhere in clear text? From an AWS perspective, let's take a look at the server side encryption types that are offered by AWS. So on the left we have SSC, Dash, S3. Now this is going to provide managed keys for you from S3 and it's going to enable automatic encryption on upload of any of your objects. This is really suitable for general use cases where you really don't need to manage the key or the policies that are associated with the key. You just need to know that your data is encrypted. So SSC, S3 really offers a good balance between security and convenience, automatically encrypting data on upload with keys managed by AWS. Again, it's well suited for a broad range of applications here. SSL C, on the other hand, allows clients to supply and manage their own encryption keys from their own solution. Maybe on prem, this offers a higher level of control and it's particularly useful when compliance requirements demand client manage keys. So if you haven't gathered it yet, the C for Dash C really stands for customer provided keys. It gives you high level of control because now you manage the key that is used for encryption. You can rotate that key whenever you need. You can manage that key, you can manage who has access to that key from your own solutions on prem. The final one on the right here is C dash kms. Now the name should give it away a little bit because we talked about KMS a little bit, but this is essentially the same thing except for the keys are now managed using AWS. James, you would go into KMS and you can create your own CMC's in there by doing so. You have full control over all of the keys that you create. You can manage the policies, you can manage who can use these keys, you can rotate these keys, etcetera. You have fine grained access control when you're using SSC, Dash kms. This really provides the highest level of control and transparency because now everything is auditable since we are now using another service. Well, everything that happens on S3 and ultimately going to consume keys in KMS, well, all of that is going to be logged in logs in Cloudtrail and all the other solutions that you use in native AWS solutions in order to log activity that's going on within your accounts, fully auditable, fine grained access control using KMS. This really makes it the ideal solution for protecting your sensitive data and meeting very stringent compliance needs. I present to you the three types of encryption types that are available on S3. So we're going to go into each one of these in detail.