All right. In this demo, we're going to quickly look at SSE Dash S3. Now, based upon previous labs, we already know that we've set the bucket default on our buckets to use dash S3. In fact, we already know that that is the default setting for our buckets. So if we go into Amazon Deepdive here and then we go over to our properties, if we scroll on down, you can see actually for this bucket, we change the defaults to use Xkms instead of SRC S3, which is the default. Now what we can do is we can actually modify our objects and we can actually change them from CMS over to S3 if we want. So let's look at this course cover here and let's determine how it is encrypted. This one is using the default encryption for this bucket, which is SSE dash kms. Now, if we wanted to change the encryption type for this particular object, well, we can easily do it right here by clicking edit and then we can override the bucket settings for default encryption right here and we can choose SSH dash S3 All right. So we can easily change the encryption methodology for individual objects inside of our bucket if we want to. And of course we just click save and then there we go. All right. So now if we look at our object, we scroll down. Now we're using server side encryption with Amazon S3 Managed Keys or SSC, Dash S3. All right. So really easy to do that. You can actually modify it for multiple items. All right. So if you click on multiple items inside of your bucket and then we go to actions and we edit the server side encryption right here, again, we can change it from multiple items. So all of these are encrypted with the default configuration of SS dash kms, we can override that, we can choose S3 and then we can hit save changes and that would modify all of our objects to use dash S3 if we wanted to. Now, the other thing I want to showcase is we can choose SSC, Dash S3 when we're uploading objects. So I've got some objects over here that we can upload to our bucket. So over here I'm going to click on upload, we'll grab some of these objects and actually these are all the PDFs from this course, all the slides. We'll drag and drop that over here and we can choose to override the default so we can specify an encryption key, We can override the bucket settings for default encryption, and we can choose SSC, Dash S3 Okay, So that's a way you can upload your objects using S3 if you want to. Even if you have a default configuration on your bucket that uses a different encryption type, you can easily select Dash S3 if you want to when you're uploading objects as well. So we'll go ahead and leave that. We'll go ahead and upload them. This shouldn't take but a second. They are larger files because they're bigger PDFs. All right. So all of those files have successfully uploaded. So if we click on close and we go into our bucket, you can see all these PDFs down here. Of course, if you click on one of them and view all the attributes of this particular object, if you scroll down, you can see right here we are using SSH dash S3 okay? And obviously we can change it if we wanted to, right? We can use the default settings. We can go down here, we can modify it, we can add the new dual layer server side encryption configuration if we wanted to. And obviously if you use KMS, we can also choose to use a bucket key which is enabled per bucket. So that's it for this one. Just wanted to showcase how we can use SRC, S3, modify existing objects and select SRC dash S3 when we're uploading objects. Even if we have a default configuration set on the bucket.