Let's talk about dashcams. So we've got our same scenario here where we have our unencrypted objects. We have our client and we want to move all of our data into S3. In this case, what we want to do is have our objects encrypted at rest. But now we want to use KMS keys instead of the S3 manage keys. So what we need to do now is we need to introduce KMS. Hopefully you're already familiar with KMS, but KMS is key management service and it allows us to create asymmetric or symmetric keys that are managed by AWS and we can simply use those keys for different functions inside of AWS to encrypt data. When you use KMS, we have the option to create different keys. We have a production key, we have a dev key and on most services we also have a default key that we can use. Now when we send unencrypted data from our data center, what it's going to do is going to upload our data, it's going to encrypt our data with the desired key. We are going to tell Amazon S3 which key we want to use in order to encrypt that data. If we uploaded that data there and said, you know what, we want to encrypt this data using the dev key. Well, the dev key is now used to encrypt that object. Now we upload additional data, we can encrypt that with the production key. Maybe as we continue to add more data to production. Key is now used to encrypt that object as well. Keep in mind that when we're using S3 dash kms now we are using keys that are created and managed in the KMS service in order to encrypt our data at rest inside of our Amazon S3 bucket. And of course, just like SSL dash S3, our data is still encrypted in transit using TLS. So at no point would our data have been written or been accessed in an unencrypted state except for our data center, of course. But as soon as we transfer that to Amazon S3, our data is encrypted in transit using TLS, then of course it is encrypted using our KMS key when we're using SSL dash kms. Let's talk about the key points of KMS here. Of course, it uses a key from AWS KMS service. It can use the default AWS managed CMK, but you are limited to modifying policies on the default key. That's why I generally tell people not to use the default key that's created in KMS. When you start integrating that with the service because it does not allow you to modify the policies on that default key. I recommend that you go create a new customer managed CMK. So in that way you can control policies, you create the rotation, aliases, all that good stuff. You have full control over that key. Now remember, CMCs aren't free. They are a dollar a month. Just be cognizant of that. But if you're spending tons of money on Amazon S3 by storing a ton of data and of course you want to encrypt that $1 a month is probably nothing. But if you're practicing using Amazon S3 in a home lab or in your personal account or something like that, just keep in mind that they are a dollar a month. I actually personally ran into this where I was being charged, you know, 10 or $15 a month for CMCs that I forgot I had created. So just keep in mind that maybe you want to limit how many CMCs you create in your personal account if they're being charged to you. So that wraps up everything with SSC kms.