All right. Let's quickly touch on in transit encryption when we were working with Amazon S3. So we have multiple buckets. Again, we have our Amazon S3 Deepdive and our Deepdive public. We're going to work with our public one in this example. So I'm going to go into the bucket and we already know that these objects are public, right? This big red notification on the top. If we click on Avatar and click on our item, we can actually see our object come up. All right, that's cool. Now what we can do is validate the object URL. The object URL here is https, colon slash, slash, and then our name. All right. So when we click on it at the top, we have a lock. We are secure. Now, if we go up and modify our URL and take off the S and hit enter and then maybe even hit refresh, we can see we can also get our object and we are not using Https. We're actually going over Http in this case. All right. So we have no in-transit encryption when we are interacting with our bucket. If we take off the Https in front of our URL now by default again, Amazon S3 permits Http requests to your bucket, but maybe that's not something we want for our organization, so we want to go ahead and modify that. All right. So let's go back to the console here and we're going to fix that. So we're going to go into our bucket and we're going to look at our permissions. And our permissions are simply, hey, allow anybody access to the bucket. All right. That's cool. That's what we want. But we also want to block access to our bucket and our objects if you are coming in on an insecure protocol. All right. So let's go to edit here and we're going to edit our bucket policy. Now let's go over to VS Code and take a look at what we have here. We have in addition to our policy. So I'm going to copy that. I'll paste it in here and then we'll walk through it. So I'm going to go into our statement. I'm going to hit enter, I'm going to paste in our change and then let's take a look at it. So our new permission inside of our bucket policy says enforce TLS. The effect is deny the principle is anti body again makes sense because this is a public facing bucket. The action is any S3 action right put object get object list tags like whatever anything that deals with S3. That's what we're applying this to. Now, the resource we're applying this to is Amazon S3 Deepdive Public because that's the bucket we're working with, but we want to make sure we apply that to all objects inside the bucket and the bucket itself. And finally, we have this condition down here and this condition says if you are not accessing Amazon S3 on a secure transport, a secure protocol, right, false, then I am going to apply this rule which will deny any of your actions that you're trying to perform against this bucket. Now, if you are coming in right, this doesn't match. This entire rule is not applied and then this rule is applied. Meaning I can go get any object inside of this bucket. Okay. So that's what our new bucket policy looks like. This is the key right here. This condition secure transport is false. Okay. The other way you can do that, by the way, is you can add this condition just to this rule right here. And you can say secure transport is true. All right. So it may simplify the rule a little bit, but I wanted to break it out separately so you fully understand what's going on. So we have our new bucket policy. We're going to save the changes here, and then we're going to go back to our object. We're going to click on our avatar again, and we expect we should be able to access it, right? No problem. Now, if we go up here and we change our URL again to remove the S and hit enter, it comes up, but I think it's just cached. If I actually refresh this then we get access denied. Okay. So you can see we are accessing Amazon S3 under an insecure protocol, right? Http and we get access denied. Now if we go back up to our URL and type in https colon slash, slash and hit enter, there we go. We get access to our object. So by changing that bucket policy, we are able to block anybody that's accessing our bucket coming in under an insecure protocol, meaning Http, and they're not using TLS to access our bucket and that ensures that we have in-transit encryption between all of our clients and our S3 bucket and objects.