Continuing on learning how we can protect our data that we're storing in Amazon S3. Let's introduce versioning. So again, I mentioned versioning earlier in a topic here, but we're going to dive deep into versioning and how we use it and all that good stuff. So what is versioning? Well, it provides us with this additional layer allowing us to create versions of objects in our S3 bucket. Beyond having encryption in place, we can use versioning. That adds a significant layer of data protection for our objects. So S3 is a powerful, user friendly feature that provides us with this additional layer of any of our objects inside of a bucket. It allows us to store multiple variants or versions of our object that would exist in a bucket concurrently. So by enabling our S3 versioning, we really are equip ourselves with this safeguard against both unintended user actions and application failures with versioning any modification or deletion to an object. It does not write or permanently remove the original one. Instead, what it does is it creates a new version of that object and S3 retains all the previous versions for us. This way we can easily recover to a prior version if we accidentally delete it or we accidentally overwrite it, or if something happens to our object. Now, once versioning is enabled and it's enabled per bucket, it cannot be disabled, which can be a benefit of protecting our data. Now you can suspend versioning on your bucket, which will instruct S3 to no longer create copies of the old data, but any existing data will still remain in your bucket. So suspending versioning doesn't delete your data or anything like that. Now you can also manage the lifecycle of versions using lifecycle rules, or you can roll back to previous versions if you need to. That way you can tell S3 to only maintain older versions for a certain number of days to minimize costs and the number of versions that are stored for each individual object. A lot of good stuff here for versioning. Let's talk about some of the benefits we get when we're using versioning with Amazon S3 The first one is that we generate a distinct version for each object upload. Again, a distinct version is key here. We keep all past versions intact without overwriting them. So it really makes for this great backup tool if we're writing data and then we accidentally overwrite it, well, we can get the old data. It does safeguard us against accidental user deletion. So if somebody in your organization accidentally sends a delete command against certain objects or all objects in a bucket or whatever, these deletion requests only hide the object. It actually preserves the underlying data. So we'll talk more about deletions in a minute in more detail. Another benefit of versioning is it allows us to administer past versions through lifecycle management so we can move or set expiration for objects for a certain number of days after they are no longer the current version. So a lot of benefits by using versioning. So let's take a look to see what this looks like. We've got our S3 bucket on the right and we've got a object on the left. We've got key equals robot Jpeg. Maybe again, it's our robot that we're building or something and we're uploading a picture or whatever as we progress with building it. So we have our file and we want to put our object cool. We write an object easy enough. We've done that before. We have our new object with a key of robot jpeg on here. And notice now, because we have versioning enabled on this bucket, we now have a version ID as part of our metadata associated with that object. The version ID in this case is one, 212, one. Now as we continue working on our robot or our project or our file or whatever, and we have an updated one, maybe we've made progress on it and now we want to upload that to our bucket so maybe we can share that or our application can retrieve it or whatever it is. Now again, we do a put to our bucket and notice now what happens is we simply write another object on there. We don't actually get rid of the old object. So notice now that our second object in our version bucket is still key equals robot Jpeg. The version id now is two three, two, three two. It's different than our first version. And finally, if we are uploading our object again, maybe we've made some more changes to it. We're progressing on our document. Maybe this is the final version or something like that. Again, we can put that data in S3 and again we write a new. Version of our object. The key is still the same robot jpeg. And now we have a new version. Three, four, three, four, three. So in this case, even though it's the same object, the same key, not necessarily the same object because we've modified it, but we have the same key out there. We actually are storing three different versions of this particular object in S3. Imagine if this last iteration was not something that we wanted. We could go back to the previous version if we wanted to or all the way down to the first version if we needed to. It gives us that flexibility to not overwrite the existing object, but we can still retrieve the latest object when we need it.