All right, let's talk versioning. Now, the first thing we're going to do in this demo is simply enable versioning on our bucket. So we're going to go to our Amazon S3 Deep-dive bucket here and then we go down here and under bucket versioning, we can click on edit and of course we can enable it right here. Now there's this message saying that there's a lifecycle rule attached to this bucket based upon a previous lab. So one thing you might want to do is just make sure that you validate your lifecycle rules. Remember our lifecycle rule way back in the course where we modified current objects and not the older version of objects. Right? So you may need to update your lifecycle rules to manage previous versions of your objects as you go. All right. So we're going to click on Save Changes here and now we've enabled versioning, right? Super easy to do that. Now let's go ahead and add some more objects now underneath of our objects. We've already got 25 objects in this bucket, but we've been working with this avatar file already. So let's go ahead and take a look at that. Well, we have Avatar. If you click on versions, it says it is the current version. And since we enabled versioning after this object was already uploaded to the bucket, there's actually no version ID for this particular version. Okay. But let's go ahead and change that. So if we go back to the bucket here and let's look at our files, so I've got Avatar dot PNG right here. I have a version two and I have a version three. Now. Version one is the same one we've seen before with the logo. Let's look at version to version two is actually an avatar with a TerraForm logo. All right, so I've used that in other courses, so let's go ahead and upload that one. So if I drag that over here, we're going to upload Avatar. Notice this has the exact same key name or object name of Avatar dot PNG and because it has the exact same key name, it's going to create a new version of our key named Avatar dot PNG and it's going to replace or become the newest version of our avatar dot PNG object. So I'm going to scroll down and click on Upload and we're done with that. So close it out. Now again, we already have our avatar dot PNG, but if we click on it and we click on versions, now notice that we have two different versions. We've got our original that we saw before has the logo and now we have the newest version, which is again now the current version of our Avatar dot PNG object in our bucket. And this is the version that has the purple TerraForm shirt on. All right. So if you actually look at this one right here and you do open. You can see it's our new Avatar logo here. All right. Now, if we go back one more time and we take a look at our files again, I've got a version three out here. This one has a blue hoodie. All right. So I'm going to drag and drop that on here. Go down, click on upload. Click on Close. Now we look at our Avatar object again. We look at versions. Now we have three different versions. Okay? And the latest version, the blue hoodie, is the one that we just created and it becomes our current version. Now, you can look at any of these versions if you want to, right? You can click on this one and you can click on Open. And of course, we have our purple here. If you go back and look at our avatar and look at versions, again, we can look at our latest version. We can even look at the old version. We can click that and say open and just look at our original version so you can actually view the older versions of a particular object when you have versioning enabled. Now the other thing you can do is you can delete old versions, right? So maybe we're satisfied with this new avatar picture. And you know what? We don't need to save the other one so we can actually go ahead and select these. We can click on delete. It's going to say we're going to delete these versions of this particular object. We're going to say permanently delete down here at the bottom, delete objects. Cool. We've deleted those versions of the object. Now, if I go back to Amazon Deepdyve, we still have an avatar dot PNG, but if you look at it now, click on versions. We only have a single version, right? And it's the current version. And of course that's the one with the blue hoodie on, right? So you can easily see how we can enable versioning inside of a bucket and then we can upload additional versions of our objects inside of our bucket. We can easily view the versions for a particular object. We can download or view the older versions of an object, and we can also delete older versions of an object as well.