So what happens when we delete objects in a version? Bucket works a little bit differently than a traditional bucket that does not have versioning. Now, when we delete an object, all the versions actually remain in the bucket. And what's going to happen is Amazon S3 actually inserts a delete marker as shown in the following figure. The delete marker now becomes the current version of the object. So this delete marker is actually called robot Jpeg, but it happens to be a delete marker by default. Any get requests are going to retrieve the most recently stored version. As I just said, if you perform a git object request when the current version is a delete marker, well Amazon S3 is going to return a 404 not found error. It's going to look like to the client that that file no longer exists or that object doesn't exist because there's a delete marker there. Keep in mind that a delete marker in S3 is simply a placeholder for a version object that was named in a simple delete request. So we had our client, our architect on the left just say, you know what, delete robot Jpeg. Well, rather than actually destroying it on disk, it stuck that delete marker in its place. And because this object is a versioned enabled bucket, the objects are not deleted, but the delete marker makes Amazon S3 behave as if it was deleted. So again, when you delete an object, all the versions in the bucket remain and S3 inserts that delete marker to showcase what this looks like. If our architect makes a get request for robot Jpeg and the latest version is our delete marker, well, Amazon again is going to return an error saying 404 not found. I don't have robot jpeg. Remember the delete marker becomes the current version of the object. It will result in a 404 not found, but in the back of your mind. Remember that all these objects actually still exist in S3 They're not destroyed from disk. We can retrieve them. And so let's talk about that. Let's talk about how we undelete a version object that was deleted. So again, we have our stack. We have our delete marker at the top here. If we say, Hey, I want to delete object four, four, 444, which happens to be our delete marker. Well what's going to happen is our delete marker goes away. Then if we make a traditional get request against our bucket, well it's going to return the latest version which is now 33333. In this case, now we have the ability to delete an object. But keep in mind this is enabled by using that delete marker, we can delete the delete marker, which now in a sense UN deletes our object because now if we make a request, we actually get the object returned to us. So remember, removing the delete marker will result in a get request to now retrieve the current version. I mentioned that we can suspend versioning earlier so version can be suspended, but it cannot be disabled once it has been enabled. Now maybe you only want a single version of an object or you know, maybe you want to save on costs and that could be a reason that we want to suspend versioning on our bucket. Keep in mind, any changes apply only to future requests. If we have a bucket, we've got tons of objects in there and we've overwritten those and those objects have different versions and all that good stuff. And then we turn around and suspend versioning. It does not delete our existing versions of existing data. The only thing that suspending versions will do is any future objects that we have. We will not use versioning for those future objects so it doesn't impact our data. So again, this is a benefit of using versioning because well, nobody can go delete versioning, disable versioning and delete all of our old versions. We can only impact what the future objects and versioning look like by suspending it.