The next way that we can protect our data in S3 is replication. Now, replication allows us to replicate objects from one bucket to another bucket. Replication will use automatic asynchronous copying of our objects. So if we place objects into one bucket, well object replication is going to automatically replicate that data over to a secondary bucket. And where that bucket lives is really dependent on where you need your data. Now it can live in the same region. It can live in a different region. It can actually live in different accounts as well. So it really depends on your use case and where and why you need to copy your data to the source and destination. Bucket can be in the same or different accounts. Generally in a large organization, say for log files, when I'm designing environments for customers, I always recommend to create maybe a logging account. And in that logging account there's an S3 bucket or multiple S3 buckets. And in all of our other production or workload accounts where applications are running, if we are doing any kind of logging, I have them copy that data maybe to a local bucket, maybe it's automatically sent to a local bucket, but then we replicate that to another bucket or we simply just point that to another bucket. So we have the ability to replicate data between the same account. So we have two different buckets in the same account, or we can go across accounts as well. Now keep in mind these buckets can be in different regions and it kind of gives you the ability to protect you against regional failures. So if you have all your data right now sitting in US East One, but you know, you're like, you know what? I'm afraid of a hurricane or tornadoes or something like that. That may impact us East one as an entire region. We can set up replication to replicate all of our data to either usds to us, West one, US West two, or even somewhere in Europe. We have that ability to replicate our data easily to another bucket that lives in another region. Now, when we're setting up replication, we can set it up to replicate to one bucket or many buckets. So maybe we need multiple copies of our data. We can set up our one bucket that includes our primary data to replicate across multiple buckets. And those multiple buckets may even be in different accounts and spread across different regions. Very flexible in terms of what we can do with data replication. Now when we're using replication, keep in mind that versioning must be enabled on both the source and the destination buckets. That was on purpose. We talked about versioning first. Now we're going to introduce replication because it requires versioning. All the configuration of replication is going to be done using rules. So you're going to go and create rules inside of AWS that says, You know what, I want this subset of data. I want this entire bucket, I want this prefix, I want to replicate that over to another bucket. All those are done with different rules. When we set up replication, we've got a lot of choices that we need to make on how our data is treated. Now the first thing we need to think about is encryption. We already talked about how we encrypt our data, but encrypted objects that live in S3 bucket can be re encrypted at the destination with the KMS key of your choosing or using S3 or whatever you need. When you set that up, you would specifically say, Hey, I want my data to be encrypted using this format when it lands at the destination bucket. Keep in mind that KMS keys are regional if you happen to be using KMS. And so you can say, okay, I want my data in US East one to be encrypted by production key number one and then I want my data in US West two that gets replicated to be encrypted with production key number two different keys would live in different regions when they are created. Now you can also change the storage class of your replicated objects. So if your replicated objects are simply a copy of your data and you're just making sure you have another copy somewhere, you're probably never going to use that well, it may make sense for you to change the storage class of that data to be a lower tier, so it's cheaper to replicate that and save that data in S3 In the other region. Maybe you can even go to Glacier or one of the infrequent access storage classes just to save on costs. So another choice you have is whether you want to replicate the delete markers or not. And of course, because this is a version bucket, we have delete markers by default when S3 replication is enabled and then an object is deleted in the source bucket, S3 actually adds a delete marker in the source bucket only it doesn't replicate the delete marker across to the other bucket. Now this protects. Data from malicious deletions. If you have delete marker replication enabled, the delete markers are copied to the destination bucket and S3 behaves as the object was deleted in both the source and the destination bucket. So it's really up to you on how you want S3 to behave regarding delete markers. Another feature you can use for replication is RTC or replication time control. RTC helps you meet compliance or some of these business requirements for data replication and helps provide visibility into S3 replication times. RTC will help replicate most of your objects that you upload in S3 within seconds. So it's super, super fast and it guarantees that 99.99% of those objects will be replicated to the other bucket within 15 minutes. So if you have data that's very critical and it must be copied over to maybe another region very quickly, you can use RTC to do that. Now there is an extra cost by using replication time control. But again, if you need that feature, you probably don't mind paying that small fee. And finally down here, you can automatically change ownership of the replicated objects to a different AWS account if you need. So if your other bucket happens to live in an AWS account, when that data is replicated from one S3 bucket to another, you can have it change ownership to that account if you want to. So again, lots of choices and things to think about when we're setting up replication, when we are setting up replication, there are more choices, of course, to figure out. Now what we need to do is select the data that we want to replicate. We can easily say, Hey, I want you to replicate everything in this entire bucket or you have the ability to limit the scope of the data that you want to replicate. Maybe you don't want the entire bucket to be moved over, but you just want a subset of the data to be moved over. Well, you have that ability as well. You can use replication to make copies of your objects that also retain all of its metadata, such as the original object creation times and the version IDs and all that good stuff. So if you use this capability, it's important that you ensure that your replica is identical to the source object here. And finally, one thing to keep in mind with replication replication only replicates new data. If I go to a bucket that already has a lot of data already inside of my bucket and I set up replication, well that's only going to impact existing data if you need to replicate existing objects that are already in that bucket, well you can use S3 batch operations. So let's talk about existing data versus new data that we were just mentioning. Existing data is not replicated. Any objects that already exist in the bucket before you enabled replication, they are not replicated to the other bucket. Only new data is going to be replicated objects placed in the bucket after you configure replication. That's what's automatically and asynchronously replicated. And finally, if you need existing data replicated, maybe you have a bucket that has a lot of data in it. And I don't know, maybe you have a new requirement that your data must be replicated to another region. Well, replication is not going to do that for you. You need to use S3 batch operations in order to copy these objects. So my example over here on the right, I've got two buckets Bucket A and bucket B, and before I enable replication, I've already got data in my bucket. So at this point I'm going to enable replication. I'm going to say any data in bucket A I want to replicate that to bucket. B Well, there's existing data over there, so it's not going to replicate it. However, when I write new data to bucket, a S3 replication is going to go ahead and replicate that data. But again, it will not replicate existing data. You must use S3 batch operations in order to copy those existing objects over to your bucket.