Beyond replicating existing data. Let's talk about additional limitations that keep in mind. Now, if you have multiple buckets and you have multiple rules out there, replication will not replicate data that was created by another replication rule. So what does that actually mean? Well, say, for example, I've got these three buckets on the bottom. I've got bucket, A bucket B and bucket C and A create a rule in there that says I want all my data in bucket A to be replicated to bucket B, And finally, I want all my data in bucket B to be replicated to bucket C, So let's take a look at that data to bucket A and it gets replicated to bucket B. Now what's not going to happen is that data in bucket B will not be replicated to bucket C because the data in bucket B was created by another replication rule. However, if I do put an object into bucket B, replication will indeed replicate that data over to bucket C because that data was put directly into bucket B, it was not put there by another replication rule. So keep that in mind. If you have multiple rules out there, you will not actually replicate data that was created by another replication. Rule Replication will also not replicate data that was already replicated. If for some reason you changed the destination of an existing replication configuration, S3 will not replicate those objects again for you. Let's take a look at this. If we have Bucket A here and I have a rule that says, okay, I want all my data to be replicated from bucket A to bucket B, Cool. We write some data in there. We replicate all that data to bucket B, and then for some reason we're like, You know what? Maybe we want to change that. Maybe we want bucket A to now replicate to bucket C instead. Bucket A will not replicate that data again. So you would have to use something like an S3 batch operation in order to migrate that data from bucket A over to bucket C. Now any new data at this point that's written to Bucket A would now be replicated to bucket C, but it's not going to replicate that data that was already previously replicated. So one more to keep in mind here. Replication will not replicate data stored in glacier flexible retrieval or deep archive. Now this is probably a good thing considering, well, the retrieval costs of all your objects if they're living in flexible retrieval or deep archive and the time it might take to retrieve that data from those storage classes and then replicate those objects to the secondary bucket. Something to keep in mind here when you're setting up replication, if you have objects in standard, they'll easily be replicated over. But if you have objects in Glacier, it will not be replicated to bucket B So again, limitations to keep in mind here.