The last concept I want to talk about really quick is bi directional replication. So we've got a bucket in US East one and we have a bucket in EU West one as well. Now maybe we want to set up replication to say any data that's written to us. East one, We want to also store that in EU West one, maybe we've got another data center or applications or customers or other teams out there that are performing analytics on this data. We can easily set that up to replicate that data over there. But we also want to say, okay, maybe our team in us one, maybe they're writing results or they're maybe they're writing other things to our bucket that we want to replicate that data back to us. East one Well, we can set up bi directional replication, which is just really creating another rule to say anything that's written to EU West one. We also want that to replicate to us East one, we can set up this bidirectional replication so we have the same data regardless of which bucket that that data was written to. So why would I need bi directional replication? Well, maybe we have shared data sets. Maybe we want to build these shared data sets across multiple AWS regions. Now with replication, you can easily replicate the metadata changes such as ACLs, object tags, object locks or replication objects across multiple regions. So this two way replication is really important If you want to keep all objects and all metadata changes in sync. The next one is keeping data synchronized across regions during a failover so you can synchronize your data between multiple AWS regions by configuring two way replication rules using cross region replication directly from a multiple region access point. So this would allow you to ensure that your data is the same in both of those buckets. That way you can properly fail over if you're failing over to another region and finally making your applications highly available. So even in the event of a regional traffic disruption, you can use two way replication rules to keep all metadata and objects in sync across your buckets during data replication. So these are all great examples of why you would need bidirectional replication.