Let's touch on S3 batch operations. We talked about that we would need S3 batch operations to perform large scale batch operations on Amazon S3 objects. Remember, replication does not replicate existing objects, so we need existing objects migrated well, S3 batch operations is going to do the job for us now. S3 batch operations can perform a single operation on lists of Amazon S3 objects that you specify. So when you're setting up S3 batch operations, a single job can perform specified operation on billions of objects containing exabytes of data. So you can use one job to move tons and tons and tons of data. In this example here again, I've got two different buckets and two different regions. I've got existing data that lives in one bucket. Maybe at this point I've set up replication so anything new would be replicated, but the existing data would not be. So if we want to copy that data from one bucket to another, well we can simply use a batch operation, copy all that data to our second bucket. Remember, batch operations is a one time operation. It's not continuous replication. It gives us the ability to really seed a secondary bucket for continuous replication if we use our traditional rules. But again, it's a one time operation that moves objects from one bucket to another. In the event that we do write new data to our bucket, well, that data is not replicated using S3 batch operations because it's a one time operation. In the event that you created a replication rule between these buckets, then it would be replicated. But if you're only using batch operations, that new object that was written would not be replicated. So quick breakdown of S3 operations on where I would use it again, replicate existing objects is probably one of the primary use cases of using batch replication. In fact, for a long time S3 didn't even have a way to replicate existing objects natively. They didn't have their own tool, and so they finally introduced a tool that allowed us to do that and seed buckets here. Another reason we would use batch operations is to maybe replicate objects that previously failed to replicate. So in this case, we could filter a batch replication job to attempt to replicate objects with a replication status of failed. And finally, maybe we want to replicate objects that were already replicated. We talked about some of the limitations of replication. Well, maybe we do want those objects to be replicated to a new bucket. We might be required to store these multiple copies of your data in separate AWS accounts or regions or something like that. Batch replication can replicate existing objects to any newly added destinations. So that's batch operations for you.