The next topic here is MFA Delete. So let's talk about that. First, I want to introduce MFA, just in case you don't know what MFA is. MFA is multi-factor authentication and MFA really relies on three different keys. Something you know, something you have or something that you are. Now something you know is, you know, a password or a pin that you've memorized something you have maybe a token or a device with a code like your mobile phone, maybe a Google authenticator or something like that. Something that you are a fingerprint, a facial scan. Multifactor authentication usually requires at least two of these in order for you to authenticate. Using MFA will prevent somebody from learning your password and then gaining access to the system. They must also have a token. They must also have a device. They must also have a fingerprint in order to authenticate as you. So by using multi-factor authentication, even if your password is compromised, they would still need a token to access your account. Now MFA delete in Amazon S3 World helps us protect against accidental deletions by adding an additional layer of security to our S3 bucket. MFA will require your credentials like your AWS credentials and an MFA code in order to delete an object version or change the status of versioning on the bucket, like suspending versioning that we talked about. So how does MFA delete work? Well, it requires two forms of authentication in order to allow you to delete or change an object. Now it requires your security creds and that six digit code from an MFA device. So in the example here, I have a user on the left performed a delete object on a bucket that does not have MFA delete and well, the object can be deleted, no problem. In the event that we enable MFA delete and the user tries to delete an object but does not provide the MFA code. Well that delete is denied. They must provide that six digit code from the MFA device in order to delete the bucket. So of course if you have this enabled and you have access to the MFA code, whether that's a device or a token or something like that, and then you submit a delete object request and you provide the required credentials and the MFA, well, the objects can be deleted if you have access to the MFA token. So pretty easy there. Now to enable or disable MFA delete, you would use the same API to configure versioning because it's kind of locked with versioning. You must have versioning enabled in order to use MFA delete. Only the bucket owner or the root account can actually enable MFA delete on a bucket and MFA delete can only be configured on the AWS CLI or the API. You cannot configure this inside of the console. You cannot delete objects that have MFA delete enabled using the console. You can only delete objects using the CLI or the API if you have MFA delete enabled and keep in mind that you need the proper credentials in order to delete an object that has MFA delete configured. So you need those credentials and you need access to that token. So if you are in an organization, you may have a security token that's locked in a safe or somebody has access to it. You need to get access to that token in order to get the code, in order to properly delete objects that have MFA delete. That's it. On that one, just want to showcase what MFA delete is. Again, another way that we can protect our data by ensuring that no one can delete our objects unless they have proper security credentials and they have access to an MFA device like a security token that gives us access to that six digit code.