So now let's talk about AI services for the medical space. So we've seen Amazon Transcribe, but there is a version of Amazon Transcribe that is specifically geared for the medical space. And this allows you to automatically convert medical related speech into text. And the reason why this is specialized is because we have HIPAA compliance, that means that you should be able to use it in regulated environments. So your audio is going to go through Amazon Transcribe Medical, and you're going to get text out of it, but it specializes in medical terminologies, such as the medicine names, the procedures, the conditions, and diseases. So you have the option to do real time with a microphone or to upload files and get batch transcription. And the use cases for Amazon Transcribe Medical is to create a voice application that will enable physicians to dictate medical notes or to transcribe phone calls that will report on drug safety and side effects. So once from the audio you have text, then you can do even more things. So you can, for example, use Amazon Comprehend Medical, again, a version of Amazon Comprehend geared for the medical space, and Comprehend Medical is going to detect and return useful information from your text. It's going to understand the physician's note, the discharge summary, the test results, the case notes. For this, it uses the natural language processing, but this time, it's going to also be able to detect protected health information, PHI, to make sure that you're not sharing information that you shouldn't. The data can be from Amazon S3. You have a real time feature to analyze this, using Kinesis Data Firehose, and then you can combine it with Amazon Transcribe to get a flow from the audio all the way to the comprehension of this audio. So here's an example. This is audio that has been transcribed by Amazon Transcribe, and we're going to pass this into Comprehend Medical. And Comprehend Medical is actually able to understand the full relationships of all the words. So if you look, for example, on the top right, we'd see it's a 40-year-old mother. It can understand the age, it can understand the profession. Then for the medicine, it's able to understand the name, the dosage, the frequency, and so on. And so from some text that has been very unstructured because it's just text, we're able to create a very structured pattern thanks to Comprehend Medical. So that's it, you just need to know these services at a high level and what they do. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.