Okay, so let's have a look at Amazon EC2 to see the instance types that could be good for machine learning purposes. So here, we can launch an instance, and this is how you would launch a virtual server in the cloud. So let's scroll down, and what we're interested in too, is the instance type. So we can actually get advice right here, if I click on get advice, I'm going to get some advice, and we say the kind of workload we had, and then we're going to get advice on the instance type. For example, we can say deep learning interference, and then get advice, and we get some recommendation around G5g, C7gn, and we get some information into why these things can or cannot be selected. You can click here to have more details around these families of instances, and we get some information around the number of VCPUs they have and so on. But it doesn't really say anything about GPUs here, which can be disappointing for now, but right now nothing about the GPU. But you will find for example, on the documentation itself of AWS, that there are some GPUs. For example, here you see there's NVIDIA T4G Tensor Core GPU, but it's not put here in this table. So you can close this, but you can also look for your own instance type. So for example, here I can type trn1, and we know these instances are going to be great for training your use cases. So we can click on it, and as you can see, we have some information around the pricing. So these instances are very powerful and they cost you $21 to use per hour. So don't ever launch an instance with this right now. This will cost you a lot of money. For inference, we have inf2, or 1, and for example, we have this one, inf2.48xlarge, that's the instance name, costing you $14 per hour as well. Very good for inference. So this is all I wanted to show you. This is where in this UI, we set up the settings for selecting the instance type we want to be able to perform machine learning, either training or inference, or more general use cases as we've seen before. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.