So let's practice using code artifacts. So to do so, I'm going to create a repository and I'll call this one Demo Repository. And optionally, we can select an upstream. So we want to pull packages from Python. So I will use this Python store. So I will click on next. And next we need to define a domain. So domain is where do we want to store the artifact data? All the repos, all the the packages data. So we choose our accounts and as you can see there's no domain in our accounts. And so therefore we need to create a domain. And this domain represents your company. So I want to name it, my-company. Additionally, for the domain where all the packages are going to be stored you need to specify a KMS key for encryption and I will just simply use the AWS managed key for this. I'll click on next. And as you can see what is being created now out of it is my demo repository, which will have one upstream repository called this pypi-store. And then out of it this upstream repository has one external connection to the public pypi store. Okay, so we're going to now create this repository. And if you go one level up now we see two repositories in here. We have the one that has an external connection which is the pypi store. It says here connected to a public repository. And then we have the demo repository that we have. Okay? As we can see, we have the pypi store as an upstream repo, and we could, for example edit the upstream repositories and add multiple ones if we wanted to. Okay. But how do we actually now leverage this demo repository. For this, we need to view the connection instruction, but let's go and open CloudShell in another tab because this is where we're going to be running our commands. So let's clear this. Okay, now let's go back into code artifact and view the connection instruction. We're going to use pip and we have two ways of doing it. The first one is that you can just use the CLI to configure pip for you. And if you try to run this command, I will show you right now I'll copy it and I will paste it in CloudShell. Because of a CloudShell bug or a code artifact bug, I'm not really sure which one it is but it says pip is not found. That's because actually pip3 is installed, but not pip. And this is just code artifact not being good at using pip3 or CloudShell not installing pip, whichever it is. But this does not work for now. So what I'm going to do is the manual setup, which is good because we'll see as well how to manually set up this. So the first thing we have to do is to use code artifact to get an authorization token which is going to be authenticated to my domain, my domain owner, my region. And the idea is that we'll be able using this token to connect pip to it. So we'll export this and then if I do echo and then the actual code artifact token I can see this token has been generated. Now it's valid for 12 hours and after 12 hours it will have expired and I won't be able to connect to pip to my repository on code artifact therefore, we'll have to rerun this command. Now we can just run this pip conflict command which will not work until you actually modify the beginning of the command and use pip3. So we have pip3 config set, and now we are connecting to our code artifact repo automatically. So now if I do pip, install and response which is the name of a package, and press enter, and actually I do need to do pip3 install response. This is actually going to connect to code artifact and it's going to pull this response dependency from it. And of course, if this package depends on other things then it's going to download the rest as well which is why you see a lot of information in here. So now it's being installed and we're done very soon. And what we see now is that if you go to code artifacts, and then you refresh your packages, now you see as you can see all the packages that were pulled. So we have the response package but also any other package that response was depending upon. And this is inserted into my demo repository, but if I go into my other repo that has an external connection, as you can see, they're there as well. So because we keep one copy on the repo that has an external connection, and one copy on the repo that we connected to which is the demo repository. So if now if I click on response, I can see have version 0.5.0 which is the latest but I can for example, try to install another version. So I do == 0.4.0, and this is going to install a previous version of this package. And I go back to code artifact, I refresh this page and this can take a bit of time. Sometimes you have to wait 30 seconds, as you can see now I have version 0.5.0, and version 0.4.0 now available within my demo repository which is pretty cool. So other things I want to show you is, for example around repository policy. So you can apply a repo policy at the repo level, and here we have the read-only access read and publish access or full access and we can choose the type of governance we want which will edit the policy, and then we can simply paste it in here to determine access. Other things I can do is go to my domain, click on it. As you can see, my company has two repos, but what I can do is I can apply a domain policy, and again here the example policies for contributor domain access or full domain access for an IAM principle or an organization. So this is very handy and we've basically seen how cloud artifact works. Now you can go ahead and create more repositories and then define which ones are the upstream of which, and then configure for example, Python pip to pull from them. And automatically, as you can see, dependencies will be stored in our repositories. So that's it. Now to just finish this hands on just take this repo and you delete it. You take the second repo and you delete it as well. And next, you take your domain and you can simply delete it and you're good to go. Okay, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.