Welcome back. You may remember from the earlier lessons that data discovery is one of the four key areas of data governance solution offered by Unity Catalog. We're going to focus on that in this lesson. Generally, Data Lakes tend to have a huge amount of data, and it's not always easy to find what you need for a project. Not being able to find the data is equivalent to not having the data itself. Unity Catalog provides a solution to catalog all your data in the Data Lake and also the processes that are interacting with the data. For example, notebooks, dashboards, ML models, etc,. You've seen most of this already, but I'll quickly take you through the capabilities of it. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Firstly, let's take a look at the global search option available here. It's quite powerful and it lets you search for a word within most of the objects within the Databricks workspace, so it can be things like your data objects such as schemas, catalogs and tables, or it can be things like notebooks, dashboards, your workflows and things like that. So I'm going to search for the word drivers because I know that I've got a table called drivers, so let's have a look at that. And it brings back every object which is referring to this word drivers. In this case, we got a couple of tables which are named drivers as well as we got notebooks which are reading from the table drivers, or you've got just the markdown language with the drivers as a string there. So if you wanted to further look into only the tables, you can go to this tab here to see tables and even you've got the option to filter the results you are getting here. So for example, if I wanted to look at only the catalogs within formula1 dev, then I can just do that. We know that actually both objects are in the formula1 dev catalog in our case, but if I wanted to filter down to only the bronze schema, then I can do that and I get that information. And if I wanted to navigate to the drivers table, I can simply click on the link and then that will open that in the Data Explorer for me. And similarly, you can go to notebooks and you can see all the notebooks which have the word drivers in this case. And also you can simply open the notebook if you wanted to. So it opens the notebook within the workspace for you. And you can take a look at that. And let me go back to this. Similarly, you can do the same thing for jobs files and repositories, dashboards, etc,. And it's quite powerful and I use it all the time to find the objects I'm looking for within the workspace because it can get too tedious when you are having a big project with a lot of objects. So let me close that and let's now navigate to the data Explorer. And as you know, Data Explorer uses the Unity catalog Metastore behind the scenes, and you can see every object you've got within the Unity Catalog Metastore. And I'm not sure whether we went through this before, but from here you can search for any objects you want to find. For example, again, if I wanted to search for the drivers table, I'll just simply type here. And if you expand these catalogs and the schemas, you will see the tables and you can do the same thing on a schema. So let me click on Bronze, for example, and then you can just simply search for the table you want. In this case, we've only got two tables, so it doesn't matter. But when you're on a big project, you may want to have this capability to search for the things you want to see. And again, you can drill down further so you can, for example, go into drivers and then look for the columns by searching here, for example, I'm just looking for the date of birth column. And I found that here. So it's quite powerful that way. You can do the same thing for every object within this Metastore. So far we have been doing everything using the UI here, but as you know, we've got the system information schema tables which has got the same information. So if I go to system catalog within that, I've got the information schema and here you've got the same information you're seeing within the UI. It may be slightly confusing, but let me take you through with a concrete example. So if I wanted to see the tables within the metastore, I simply have to query the tables table here and let's show you some sample data. And as you can see, this table here is in the catalog formula1 dev and the schema is Silver, and the table name is results. So this is exactly what the UI uses to show you everything in the user interface. So instead of going through here and searching for things, you can simply write SQL statements and get the same information. Let's do that. I've got a new folder called Unity Catalog Capabilities and I've got a notebook called Data Discovery. So let me open that. And it's got the default language of SQL and it's attached to my cluster. So I can simply write a select statement, Select * from and I can query the catalog system.information schema as the schema. And we want to query table tables. And within that, let's say we want to find the table name equals results because that's what we were looking at previously. And that should bring back the one record that we were looking at. And as you can see, we've got two records. That's because actually we've got the same table in the Silver schema and the Bronze schema. So that's why we got them. And we've got all the information that we were seeing in the UI, it's things like table type as external, and the owner of the table which is me in this case. So you got all of that information from here as well. So you can use the information schema to discover your objects within Metastore as well. And you might be wondering why I'm using the system.information schema rather than the actual catalog.information schema, you can do both. The difference between this information schema here within each of the catalogs and the one on the system is that system information schema gives you all objects within this metastore, whereas the one within the catalog only gives you the information within the catalog. So in this case we could have just used the catalog information schema. So let me just quickly change that and show you so that you're sure. And let me quickly run this and we should get the same results in this case. But if you have many catalogs and if you want to search across catalogs, then you will have to use the system.information schema. Let's go back to the Data Explorer. And I think I took you through the comments within the tables previously. So every table you can add a comment. Similarly, every column you can add a comment as well. Comments are not searchable at the moment, but Databricks is bringing in something called tags, so you can add a tag to a column or a table and you will be able to search using tags. This is in private preview and it's a great feature because imagine you want to search every table which is got personally identifiable information or which should be compliant with things like GDPR or CCPA. At the moment we can't do that, but with the tags you can add a tag to every table which has got personal information in and then you simply has to come into the catalog or the schema and just search for the tag as GDPR or PII, for example, and you will see everything. That would be really great. But that is in private preview, which is not available in my workspace at the moment, but hopefully it will be available by the time you come to take this course. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.