Welcome back. Once we have produced the data, we should be able to see whether the data is used in the manner in which it's supposed to be used. We should be able to see how the user is using the data and how often and when it's being accessed. So we need some audit information of the data accessed to be logged and made available. Unity catalog lets us capture an audit log of all the actions performed against the Metastore. This enables the administrators to access fine grained details about who accessed the data and the actions they performed on a given data set. Let me quickly show you how to enable this. Here we are in the Azure portal. At the moment, in order to get the audit information about the meta store, you will have to enable diagnostic settings in your Azure Databricks service. So let me show you where to do that. So you go over to the Databricks service and then under monitoring you will find Diagnostic settings and then you need to add the Diagnostic settings and you pick Databricks Unity Catalog from the category here. So if I scroll down, the Unity Catalog is here, so you take that and then you can send the logs to one of your destination choices, which can be a log analytics workspace. From there, you can run queries or you can send it to another storage account and you can consume it from there, or you can send it to Event Hub and consume it in real time. And also you've got the choice to send it to another partner solution as well. This is the current solution for consuming audit information. But Databricks ahs got another better solution, which is in private preview in which they're going to expose the data as tables within the system catalog here. So under System Catalog, you will see another schema called audit logs and you will see set of tables which will have the audit information. I haven't signed up for that private preview, so I don't have that schema at the moment. But if you have already, you will get the audit information there and also hopefully it will soon be available for public as well. Once that's available for general availability, I'll update this lesson to show you how to query the audit log as well. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.