Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to look at Data Lineage capabilities offered by Unity Catalog. Some of you might not be familiar with the term Data Lineage, so let's first define that. Data Lineage is the process of following or tracking the journey of data within a pipeline or a workflow. So basically, at any point within the data journey, we want to know where the data has originated from. Also, we want to know how it's changed or transformed within its journey. And finally, we would want to know the destination of the data so that we can be confident about its usage. Data Lineage offers all three of these. I know this is a lot of words, so let's go over these concepts using a data journey within the context of the medallion architecture. Let's take the example of the mini project that we developed in the previous lessons. In this project, we had ingested two tables into the bronze layer in their original format, which was in JSON format. We then did some transformations to the data in those tables and stored in Delta format in the silver tables. The data from the silver tables were then joined and aggregated to create the Gold table. We then created a workflow to execute all of these notebooks. So let's say I'm looking at the lineage for the silver table. A good lineage solution would tell me that the silver table originated from the two upstream tables in bronze, and also the data flows through to the downstream table in gold. And also it would tell me the transformations applied to the bronze tables to create the silver table as well as the downstream table as the gold table and the aggregations applied to get there. Also, it should tell me about the workflow that produced these tables. Unity catalog provides this level of information. It will give you both the upstream and the downstream table. It also gives you the notebook that created the silver table. And also we get to know the workflow that executed the notebook so that we can see when it was refreshed and any further downstream and upstream lineage we might be interested in. Now that we understand what date lineage is, let's talk about some of the benefits it offers. It's not uncommon to see incorrect data in the dashboards or reports, and most of the time this is due to data quality issues. You would want to know where the issue originated from. With the help of lineage, you can trace the data back to its source to identify any data quality issues. As Data Engineers, we get to implement changes to the data pipelines frequently. It's usually a challenge to identify the downstream impact of any change so that the users can be notified. Having a visual data lineage can help identify those downstream impacts and communicate effectively. Data Lineage also helps us identify the right data compliance rules to be implemented based on the data. For example, GDPR regulation requires us to treat personally identifiable data or PII data differently. Knowing the flow of PII data will help us identify the compliance rules to be implemented for each of the tables. Finally, knowing where the data has come from and being able to trace back the source of the data increases reliability and trust amongst the consumers of the data. Having said that, there are some limitations in the data lineage offered by Unity Catalog. As you can imagine, Unity Catalog is a new feature and things are being added. So please take a look at the full list of limitations in the documentation. I'll give you some important ones here. Firstly, Data Lineage is only available for tables registered in Unity Catalog Metastore. It's not available for tables in Legacy Hive Metastore or files in Cloud Object storage. The lineage visualization is computed on a 30 day rolling window. So if you run a job 30 days ago and didn't run it afterwards, that lineage will not be shown. Also I'm seeing some column level lineage at the moment, but not all column level lineage is captured, so I think it's still evolving. I hope you've now got a good understanding about the data lineage solution offered by Unity Catalog. And let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and I'll show you a quick demonstration. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's go over to the Data menu and we've got the Data Explorer here. In order to see the lineage, you go over to the table you are interested in. So let me go over to the silver table, as I said, because that's the one which will give us the most information. So let's go to the Silver Table and I'm going to pick the driver's table. And as you can see, we got lineage here under this tab here. So let's click on Lineage. You can see the lineage graph by clicking the button here. We'll have a look at that in a minute. But let's go through the options here. So under Tables, you can see the Upstream and the Downstream lineage of this Silver Table here. So for the silver table, as you know, we use the bronze tables to produce the silver table. So the upstream lineage tells us that that was the table which produced this one. And also under downstream, you will see the downstream table, which we produced in the gold layer, which is driver wins. Similarly, if you go to notebooks, you will see the notebook that created this table, which is our Create Silver Tables notebook. And the consumer of this table, which is the silver driver table, will be the downstream notebook, which is the create gold tables. And similarly, you can see the workflows as well. As you can see, this is the workflow that produced as well as consumed this table, which is the silver.drivers table. Similarly, if you have a dashboard or a query, you will see them here as well. So let's now take a look at the lineage graph. I'm going to click on the lineage graph and you get a visual representation of the lineage like this. So that's the silver table we were talking about and that's the upstream table, which is the bronze table. And you've got the downstream table, which is the gold table. But if there are other tables involved in producing the silver table, you can see that by clicking the button here to expand it. But we know that there was no other tables involved. Similarly, if there was another upstream impact or upstream lineage for this table, you can see that from here and we know there isn't anything. At the same time for this table here, the gold table we know that there was another upstream table, which is the results table. So if you click expand, you will see that one as well. So as you can see, these two tables together produced the driver wins table. And similarly for this silver table, there is an upstream lineage as well. So in order to see that, you click on the expand button and you will see that as well. And we know there isn't anything else further up. And similarly, there was nothing downstream either from here, so you won't see it. One more thing you can see is all the columns in these tables as well. So you can simply click expand on these to expand the columns. And as I said, there is column level lineage as well. So if you wanted to see which column from the upstream table produced, for example, this column here code, you will be able to see that. As you can see, the code came from this table. And similarly on this one, on the Gold table, you can see which table produced the name column. As you can see, we've got the line going over here. So the name basically came from drivers, but the number of wins was an aggregated result. It would have been nice if Unity Catalog is able to show us that the position resulted in the number of wins because we looked at the position as being one and then we did a count. But that's not the case. But that's okay. So as you can see, you get a nice visual representation of the lineage here, which is really helpful because for example, if you had a problem here and the name was incorrect, you can simply come in here and see which table produced the name and then go and look at this one and say actually, that's come from this table here. And let's have a look at the data here and see if there is any problems. It makes it a lot easier for you. In this case, we got name only on this table. But in a lot of cases, when you're working in production scenarios, you may have multiple tables producing one table and most of them have got the same information as well. And it's really helpful to identify any issues at that point. So it's a great feature. In the past, people had used third party tools to produce something like this, but now it's out of the box in Unity Catalog. So let me close this graph and let me also show you things like notebooks. As we said, actually, we've got a notebook which produced the table here. But in order to see that, you can just simply click on that and that opens up in another tab for you and you can go through the notebook and identify if there are any issues when you come across. And similarly, if you wanted to see the workflow that produced the data in this table, you can simply click on that. That opens up in another tab. And you can even see actually when that ran last time and all of that kind of information and when we went through the workflows, we also looked at the lineage for a workflow here, which is available here. As you can see, this workflow consumes these five tables and produces these three tables. As you can see at the moment, the lineage is kept for 30 days, but I think that will be configurable in the future. So I hope you've now got a good understanding about the Data Lineage capability offered by Unity Catalog. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.