Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to look at Data Access Control capabilities offered by Unity Catalog. Unity catalog Security Model allows us to secure every single object that exists in the Metastore hierarchy. Let's take a look at who we are securing the Metastore objects against. There are three types of databricks identities you can secure the object against. First one is Users. User is someone like you and me who logs into the user interface using the email address to interact with databricks. Next one is the Service Principle. Service Principle in Azure or application objects created in the Active Directory, they can be considered a system users created to help with automation of tasks. Managing access to every user in a team separately can be challenging and error prone. So Databricks recommends using groups. Groups can include one or more users or Service Principals. It is recommended to use groups where possible. By default, Databricks employs an access control list or ACL Based Access Control model to secure the objects in Unity catalog. But there are some exceptions to this for the users based on their roles. So let's take a look at that first and then we'll talk about ACL Based Security Model. A User in Unity catalog can take one of these four roles. Account Admin is the highest level user in Unity catalog. They have full access to every metastore associated to the Databricks account. They're the only ones who can create a Metastore. When a Metastore is created, they become the Metastore admin by default of the newly created Metastore. But they can then assign another user or a group as the Metastore admin for the metastore. Metastore admins will have similar capabilities to account administrator, but they will only have access to the metastore, they are the administrator for, whereas account admin will have full access to every metastore in the Databricks account. Metastore admins will also be able to transfer ownership of objects in the metastore as well as able to delete the metastore. Each object within the Metastore has a Owner. By default, the Owner is the User or the Service Principal who created the particular object. But the ownership can be transferred to another user by the current owner, or either the Metastore administrator or the account administrator. Owners will have full access to the object without any explicit permission being granted. Finally, object users are the standard users who are not the Account Administrator, Metastore Administrator or the Object Owners. This will be the majority of users in an enterprise. Databricks employs an explicit access policy which requires them to be granted access to the objects they need access to. So basically they'll have no access to any of the objects and they'll need to be explicitly granted privileges. Please note that we are only focusing on roles specific to Unity Catalog here, so I didn't include roles such as workspace admin here. Let's now take a look at how to assign privileges to the standard users or the Non-admin users using Access Control Lists or ACLs. There are a number of privileges you can assign to the users depending on the type of objects they are assigned to. This can be done using grant or revoke statements in SQL, Data Explorer UI and also the Databricks CLI and the API. There are different privileges available depending on the object to which they are granted to. Let me take you through the privileges available for each of these objects in the Unity Catalog Metastore Object model. As you know, we are not focusing on Delta share here. Also, until we understand the concepts, let's keep it simple and remove the storage credential and external location from this diagram. Finally, there is no difference between the access control for external and managed table, so let's also remove that from this diagram. Let's start from the bottom. The specific privileges available for a view is SELECT, a table is SELECT and MODIFY, and a function is EXECUTE. So if you only want a user to be able to read from your table, you should grant the select privileges on the table to the user. But unfortunately this will not work due to the hierarchical nature of Unity Catalog Object Model. As the owner won't have any privileges on the containing schema and the catalog by default. So as a minimum we need to provide the USE SCHEMA privilege on the schema as well as the USE CATALOG privilege on the catalog together with the select on the table, in order for the user to be able to traverse through the hierarchy and select data from the specific table. It may look a bit confusing at first, but it is very similar to file system permissions where being able to access a file also requires the user to have access to the folders containing it. You can consider catalog as a folder schema, as a sub folder and table as a file in this example. So you also need to have some kind of privileges on the catalog and the schema in order to be able to access the data from the table. Now that we know the privileges required to be able to select or modify data from a table, let's now think about the privileges required to be able to create a table or a function. Databricks offers the create privileges for the table and the function, and you can grant them against the schema. Similar to this, we can grant, Create schema privilege on the catalog and also we can grant the Create catalog privilege on the Metastore to enable a user to be able to create a catalog. This is great for some use cases, but it can become tedious for granting privileges on each of the individual objects in the hierarchy. Let's say I want to grant select privileges to the Data Analyst group for all the tables in a specific catalog. I will have to provide use catalog privilege on the catalog. I also have to provide use schema privilege on all the schemas in the catalog one by one. And finally, I need to provide explicit select privileges on all the tables in every single schema. Even after doing this, it only applies for existing tables and schemas. When you create any new tables in the future, you will have to repeat this for the new tables too, and it becomes tedious and error prone. Unity Catalog Inheritance Access Control model Solves this problem. It makes the privileges for the child objects available at the parent level in the hierarchy. Under this, we have the Select, Modify and Execute privileges available at the schema level. So you can grant select privilege on all the tables in a schema with one statement. This will also be applicable for all the current and future tables created in that schema. Similarly, you get all the privileges from the child objects in the catalog level. So if you wanted to grant select privilege on all the tables, in every schema in a catalog, you can simply run one grant statement at the catalog level to achieve that. On top of this, Databricks also offers a privilege called All Privileges at every level. All Privileges include every privilege available for the object and the child objects. So you don't have to explicitly specify each of the privileges, you can simply say, I want to give all privileges on a catalog or a schema, for example. So granting all privileges for schema will not only grant USE schema and create table or function privileges, it also grants the Select, Modify and Execute which are applicable at the views and tables and function level. Finally, let me quickly walk you through the privileges available for storage credentials and external location. It's quite simple as they don't have any children, so things like Inheritance Model doesn't apply for them. Storage Credential has the privileges, read files, write files, create external table and create external location. They're all self-explanatory. External location has an additional privilege called Create Manage storage. This lets you assign a managed storage to the catalog or schema at the time of creation via the external location. Similar to all other objects, all privileges is also available as a superset. I hope you now have a good understanding about Unity Catalog Access Control model. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and I'll show you some of these.