Here we are in the Databricks Account console. Let's start with Role Based Access Control and then we'll look at Privilege Based Access Control Model. Let me go over to User Management and I'm going to show you account administrator first. As you can see here, my user is currently the account administrator. I've also got a couple of other users, one called Azure Data Analyst and the one called Azure Data Engineer, and they both dummy users. I've set them up just to demonstrate use some of the capabilities here. And let's assume that I want to make the Azure Data Engineer as the account administrator as well. In order to do that, I simply have to navigate to the user, go over to roles and simply turn on account admin from the roles here. Once the user becomes the account administrator, they've got full access on every metastore within the Databricks account. They can also create users as well as Metastores. Let's now talk about the Metastore admin. In order to find the Metastore admin, you'll have to simply navigate to the metastore. So that's under data and we've got the metastore here. Let me navigate to that. And as you can see again my user is the Metastore admin here because that's the user which created the metastore. If you wanted to assign the Metastore admin role to another user, you simply have to click on the edit button here and then pick a user or a group to make them as the Metastore admin. And as we saw previously, once an user becomes Metastore admin, they've got full access on this specific metastore, but they won't be able to create another metastore or they won't be able to manage users, which is the responsibility of the account administrator. But this user will have full access on the metastore. So that's everything about Metastore admin. Let's talk about the object owners. So in order to see the object owners, you will have to navigate to the Databricks workspace and to the Data Explorer. And as we said, every object within the Unity catalog has got a object owner. Let's start with the Catalog. So if I simply click on catalog, you will be able to see the owner here. As you can see, the owner is again my account here, so which is azadm1. So in order to change the owner, again you can simply click on the dropdown here and edit owner and assign an user or a group. So let me close that. And similarly you will see owners on every single object, so you can see that in the schema here. Again, the owner is here and you will see the same in tables as well. And every owner can be changed from this user interface or from SQL statements. While we are here, let me also show you how to use SQL statements to change the owner. So here is the documentation. As you can see, you need to run the alter statement on the object in order to change the owner. So here you type in the securable type, which can be catalog or schema. You can't change the ownership of a metastore from here. As it stays here, you will have to go over to the admin console to do that and you specify the name of the Securable object, which will be the catalog name or a schema name. And then you specify the owner too, and then you specify the identity. They call it principal within the documentation. It's the same as the identity. So it's either the user or the group. So if I scroll down, there will be an example. As you can see, we got the Alter table orders and owner to the group accounting. So they've got a backtick here, not a single quote. So if you have any special characters within your username or the group name, make sure you use backtick. Otherwise it won't work. So in your usernames, normally you have email accounts with at symbols and dots, so make sure to use backticks when you are running the SQL statement. So that's all the Role Based Access available at the moment. So we've talked about the account admin, Metastore admin and the object owners. So let's now talk about the Privilege Based Access Control Model. So let me go over to my Data Explorer and let's start with a table. So let's start with drivers. And as we've seen previously, you can go over to permissions and you can grant or revoke permissions on the table. So on a table, as we said, the privilege is available for you are SELECT and MODIFY. And if you tick All Privileges, that will give you both the privileges. And you can also pick the user to whom you are giving access to. So let's say I want to grant privileges to my Data Analyst user and as it says here, when you grant privileges on table specifically, you will have to make sure that the user has got USE CATALOG and USE SCHEMA's, otherwise they won't be able to navigate to the table. So let me grant privileges here and in order to grant privileges on the schema, you will have to go over to schema and I'm going to do the same thing here. So it will be use, sorry, USE SCHEMA privilege, I need to grant for the specific user and I also have to grant the USE CATALOG privilege for the user from here. So let me do that as well. And that will be for the Azure Data Analyst User. And let me click Grant. So as you can see, just to give access to one of the tables, which is the driver's table, it took three steps, but as we discussed before, we could use the Inheritance Model to make it simpler. So when I navigated back, you may have already seen that the schema already had the privileges SELECT and MODIFY, so I could have selected use schema, SELECT and MODIFY. You can even make it a lot simpler by giving the privileges at the catalog level. That's probably what you may have to do. In this case, we got formula1_dev as the catalog and you may want to give privileges to all the developers on this catalog, whether it's a schema or a table. In that case, you come over to the catalog and give the privileges. But that's not always the case. You may want to give just permissions on one table to someone in another team. In that case, you would give the USE CATALOG privilege on the catalog, USE SCHEMA privilege on the schema, and then give the select privilege on the table in question. So you got no choice there. But in this case, you can simply use the Inheritance Model to grant privilege from the catalog level. So let me show you that. So let's say we want to give All privileges to the Data Engineer on this catalog, so you'll have to come over and you can pick the privileges you want to provide. So in our example, we wanted to give USE CATALOG, USE SCHEMA as well as SELECT and MODIFY on the table. But if you wanted to give All privileges, you can just simply click All privileges as well. So let me show you this and then we can go to the schema and table and see that actually they've just propagated through. So let me give that to my Data Engineers, I could do it to the group because I've got a group as well, but I'm simply going to use the user to make it a bit more obvious for you. So let me click Grant, and as you can see on the catalog, I've given these privileges to my user and let me go over to one of the schemas. It will be applicable for all schemas and let me go to my Bronze schema and let's click on Permissions, and as you can see, this user here az.instra1 which is my data engineer user has got MODIFY, SELECT a new schema and if I go over to the table, I will be able to see the user has got SELECT and MODIFY privileges as well. And also you will be able to see where the privilege was applied. So that will be available here under Object, because when you come to revoke privileges, you will only be able to revoke from the object from where you gave the privilege. That's brilliant. But when you're working on projects, you're more likely to be using SQL to grant privileges and revoke privileges. So let me show you the documentation around that as well. So here is the documentation to grant and revoke privileges. As you can see, it's quite simple. You just say grant privilege type, which will be USE CATALOG or USE SCHEMA or SELECT on the securable object, which will be your catalog schema, table or function or whatever to again the user. So I called it in the presentation as identity, but it's the same as principle here. So you either give the name of the group or the username. In this example, they've used the team here, so that's everything I wanted to show you. With that, I hope you've got a good understanding about Unity Catalog Access Control. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.