Hi. So in this lecture, let's understand how you can centrally manage the IP addresses across your AWS state. And for this AWS has a tool called IPAM. As the name suggests it is IP address management. So in this lecture, we'll talk about what's the problem with, you know, managing your IP addresses, then what's IPAM and then what are the components of the IPAM to help you manage these IP addresses? Then I will just show you quickly how you can create IPAM pools and then use those pools to allocate IP addresses to your VPCs. And then we'll touch upon how can you track and monitor your IP addresses with IPAM. So if you are starting with AWS, probably you would have just a couple of VPCs and your on-premises network and then you will create these VPCs allocate CIDRs and then make sure that these VPCs can communicate with each other using say Transit gateways or VPC peering connection. Now, one thing that you need to take care is that the IP addresses or CIDR blocks for these VPCs are non-overlapping. That's for the reason that if they are overlapping, then there is a problem connecting these two VPCs. So it's the best practice to, you know, manage these IP addresses in such a way that no two VPCs probably have the overlapping CIDRS. So that's better to manage your growing network in the future, right? So when you begin, probably you can have simple Excel sheets in which you have the list of VPCs and corresponding CDR ranges. So that whenever some new VPC has to be created, you can just look at your Excel and see, OK, this CIDR block is not used. So for the new VPC, you can use a new CIDR range and that works well if your AWS footprint is small, but over the time, if you are using multiple AWS regions, multiple environments and lots of VPCs, then you can imagine that pain if you are managing this IP address location mapping in some kind of Excels because there will be multiple network administrator and then probably it will be Excel hell going forward. So exactly to address this problem, AWS has come up with this tool called IPAM, which is IP address management. But at very high level, you create the pools of IP addresses and then you make sure that when you create VPCs, you allocate the VPC CIDR from those pools only. So that irrespective of how many number of VPCs you create, you are sure that this VPC will never get the overlapping IP addresses. So that essentially is IPAM. Now, if you talk about the IPAM components, then IPAM has something called scope. So IPAM scope can be public or private. So as the name suggests, public scope is for managing public IP addresses and private scope is for managing private IP addresses. And in this lecture, we will mainly focus on the private IP address space. Because for public IP addresses, you need to Bring Your Own IPs (BYOIP), which unfortunately, we can't do here. So when you enable the IPAM, the public and private scopes are created for you and then once you have this scope, then you can create the pools. Now these pools are like collection of CIDR ranges and then you can have layered pools. That means you can have a top level pool and inside that you can have sub pools. For example, if you see this diagram, there is one single Global pool and inside that you can create pools per AWS Region. Now that's just an example and it's up to you how you want to organize your pools. But you can create this kind of sub pools. And then when you create the VPC, you can allocate VPC CIDR from these sub pools and this make sure that you are organizing your big address space into a smaller pools and then you're allocating your VPC, CIDR from those small pools. So that's how the IPAM works. Now, if you have a single AWS account, which is not part of AWS organization, then also you can use IPAM or if you use AWS organization, then also you can use IPAM to manage IP addresses across all member accounts in your AWS organization. OK? Just to give you an example about the pool structure, so you can have a Global address space, which is again the collection of CIDR ranges. And then you can divide this top level pool into regional pools. And within that, you can create a pool specific to a particular environment, for example, for Development, Staging or Prod. And now when you create a VPC, you first decide that this VPC will be for Development environment in a particular Region. And then the VPC will be allocated IP address range from that particular development pool. And this is how you can manage your CIDRs for your VPCs. Now another example, you can also do the other way around. For example, you have the IP address space which is a Global pool. And inside that first you create the pools as per your environments, for example, production development. And within that, then you have the regional pools and just to talk about another example, you can also create pools as per your line of businesses. And then you can have multilevel pools as you can see here for business unit one, I have regional pools and inside that I have environment specific pools, right? So it really depends on how you want to create these pools. And if you're interested, you can just check out this blog which talks about some best practices for creating the IP Pools. I hope that is clear. Now, earlier, I mentioned that you can use IPAM with AWS Organization as well and for that, there are a few considerations. So let's talk about that. Now, if you see this diagram, this is a control tower based landing zone diagram. If you don't know what is landing zone or control tower, just read about it. But essentially, it is kind of best practices to manage your AWS organization accounts so that there is a separation of duties, security is taken care, network is Centralized and all member accounts can have their own control. But still you are having the governance at the management account level. So this is a kind of, you know, AWS organization structure. And again, this is very flexible and this is just one representation of control tower landing zone. So IPAM can be integrated with your AWS organization structure. And for that, what IPAM suggests that you should have a separate network admin account in which you enable the IPAM. And then using this account, you can manage the IP addresses for rest of the account in your AWS organization. So there should be a Dedicated IPAM administrator account in your AWS organization. And this account of course, should be a member of AWS organization. Now, additionally, while using the AWS organization, what you can also do is you can enable the SCP policies. Now, SCP is service control policies which enforces that all the members account in my AWS organization should not be able to perform, you know, some actions. And here it makes sense to have this kind of action which says no member account can directly assign the IP addresses to the VPCs. That means all the IP addresses should be assigned using the IPAM. Now if you put this governance policy in place, then you are sure that all the member accounts will have non-overlapping IP addresses which is assigned by using the IPAM. So here this is just an example to enforce use of IPAM in the member account. But then you can also modify these policies and say a particular AWS account can use a particular IPAM pool or you can also say that this particular organization unit in AWS organization can use a set of IPAM pools. So this is all flexible and if you're interested, you can just look at the AWS documentation around how to write these policies. So the point here is that you can use IPAM with AWS organization and you can enforce the use of IPAM for the member accounts. Okay. So moving forward IPAM also allows you to write rules, which means when you create the VPC, you can specify that this IPAM pool should only be allowed to be used if you're having the right permissions. That means you have right AWS account, you're operating in a particular Region and you are requesting for, you know, particular VPC size, so minimum and maximum and your VPC has a particular tag. So in IPAM you can write the rules with all these conditions. And now when a user is trying to create a VPC, these conditions can be evaluated. And if all these conditions meet, then IPAM will respond with the CIDR from the IPAM pool. And then you can use this to allocate to your resources, for example, to your VPC. And if any of the rule doesn't meet the criteria, then of course, IPAM won't be able to allocate CIDR and then you won't be able to create the VPC. And this doesn't really work only for the VPCs, but you can use this CIDR for non AWS resources as well. For example, if you are setting up your on-premises network and you want to have some private CIDR range, then you can also ask IPAM to provide you the range and then that range you can use to allocate to your on-premises network. Okay. So once you have the IPAM pools created and these rules configured, then you can put everything into the automation. For example, in the beginning, maybe you might have been asking your network admin for the CIDR ranges and then you create a cloud formation template provide that CIDR range and cloudformation will create the VPC. This is a flow before IPAM, I will say and over the time you will use the IPAM and now developer can directly ask IPAM for the CIDR range and provide it to the cloudformation and then cloudformation will create the VPC. But here you can completely take out even this step. And cloudformation itself can directly make an API call to the IPAM and get the available CIDR range and create the VPC. So this is a way in which you can automate using the IPAM. Okay. So with that, now, I just wanted to quickly show you how can you use IPAM in your AWS account. So this is kind of one of the way in which we can implement IPAM. And as I said, it's up to you how you want to create this IP address space and how you want to then divide into multiple pools. So if you see here, I have a Global pool with /12 prefix which gives me around 1 million private IPS. And then I'm creating the regional pool with /16 prefix which gives around 65,000 IPS. Now, within every Region, I would have multiple environment pools and these pools are created with /18 CIDR which gives me around 16,000 IPS. And then while creating the VPCs, I can restrict that VPC can be created with maximum CIDR of /24. So that no VPC is more than 256 IP addresses. And which means that for every environment I can create at least up to 64 VPCs of size 256 IP addresses. And now let's go to the AWS console and see this in action. Ok. So I'll just say IPAM and then you can go to the VPC IP address manager and then you land here. Now, very first thing we have to do is to create the IPAM. So you have to just make sure that you accept this. And then there are 2 pricing options. Now, the difference is that in free tier, you can only manage the public IPv4 addresses. But in our case, of course, we want to manage the private IP addresses and that's where we will go with the advanced tier. But which also means there will be some cost for this IPAM use. Now here you can say the IPAM name. So I will say MyIPAM doesn't really matter. And then here in the operating Region, you should select all the Region in which you want to use the IPAM. So by default, Mumbai is selected because we are operating in Mumbai. So that's the base Region for the IPAM, but you should also add other regions in which you want to use IPAM. So I will also select us-east-1 which is North Virginia and then I'll create the IPAM. So this is just, you know, setting up the IPAM. And as you do this, it automatically creates two scopes, as I said, a public scope and a private scope. And now for the next part, we are going to use our private scope only. Okay. So the next step is to create the pools. So let's go here and let's make sure that we use the private scope. So let's create a pool and let's call it the Global pool. So rest of the settings as default. And just one thing here is a local. Now, local means that in which all AWS Region you want to use this pool. Now, this is a Global pool. So I don't want to restrict it to a particular AWS Region because we will be creating a regional pool as a sub pool. And at that time, we will select the local. So as of now, let's leave it blank. Now see CIDRs. So as we know, we want to create 10.0.0.0/12, which gives me around 1 million IP addresses rest of the settings as default and let's create the pool. Okay. So this is my top level pool and now we want to create the sub pools. So let's refer to our CIDR allocation slide. So we just created this one and now let's create a regional pool. So we'll just do it for one Region, but you can definitely replicate this for other regions if you want. So in Mumbai, we will create a regional pool with /16 CIDR and within that, we will create environments specific pool with /18 CIDR. So let's do that. OK. So I'm in the pools and now I will say create a pool within this pool and I will say a Mumbai pool and here most of the settings as default. And here in the local, I will say I want to enable it for Mumbai. So let's select that. And as an input CIDR, I will say 10.0.0.0/16 for my Mumbai which gives me around 65,000 IP addresses. That's it. And let's create the pool. Now, once you create the Mumbai pool, now you can create the environment specific pools, right? So once it happens, we will create the next level of pool. Okay. So now if you go to the pools, you select the Mumbai pools and then in action say create a pool within this pool and this is my development pool and I'm just going here, I'm keeping the things as default. OK? So this is my development environment and I want to allocate 16,000 IP addresses out of 65,000 for the Mumbai pool. So I'll say 10.0.0.0/18. And at this time, I also want to make sure that all the VPCs which are created in the development environment, they are of size /24 and they have the specific tag which says environment equal to development, so I can enforce this kind of rules for my IPAM usage. And if you remember we had seen that in the earlier slide. So let's configure the allocation rule setting for this IPAM pool. So here we say that the minimum net mask for my VPC is /24. The default is also /24 and maximum is also /24. But if you want, you can define the minimum and maximum different and then default as a different length. And additionally, we will say every VPC that you create should have the environment tag as a development. Then only IPAM can allocate this to the VPC, right? And rest of the settings as it is and let's create the pool. Okay. So development environment has been created. So you can create, for example, testing with 10.0.64.0/18. And then you can also apply the similar rules for the tagging and VPC prefix size as well. But it's just a repeatation of what we did for development environment. So I'm skipping that part. Now let's go to our VPC console. So we have required pool created. So let's go to the VPC and let's go to the Mumbai Region and let's create the VPC and let's call it, say MyVPC. And here you can select that I want to create a VPC with IPAM allocated IPv4 CIDR block and it shows you all the blocks which are available. So within Mumbai, we know that there is a development block which we want to use and here it automatically picks /24 prefix because we had configured that as a rule. Now, rest of the settings as default. Now to begin with, I'm not putting the tag for the VPC and now I'm trying to create this VPC and it says that there was an error because the resource is missing one or more resource tag required by the IPAM pool, right? Which was expected. So let's go here and say environments equal to development and create this VPC. Okay. It did not work. Maybe because we made some mistake somewhere. So let's go back and check our IPAM and in the pools, if you just go to the development pool, let's look at the compliance requirement and is key OK? So I made a spelling mistake there and that's where it's not allowing, sorry for that. But now let's use this as an environment. So let's go here and modify this and create the VPC. OK? So you can see that VPC has been created successfully and it automatically allocated this CIDR range. Now let's do one more thing. Let's create another VPC in the same pool. So let's call it, say my project X VPC. And we are allocating from the same development pool. And again, we need to add, I would tag as development and then create the VPC. And this time you see that it allocated the next available CIDR in /24 range. So this makes our life much, much easier. That means you don't have to worry about. Now, this CIDR ranges, it will automatically be allocated by IPAM. So that was a short demo for this. And now let's go back to our discussion. So if you are designing IPAM for your organization, what I will suggest that first you plan it and for that, I would say put everything onto the paper, like how exactly you want to create these pools and how many IP addresses you should be allocating to these pools. And while you do that, don't just consider the current AWS landscape but also consider the future state as well as your on-premises network with that. Let's just quickly talk about a few more features of the IPAM. So IPAM also allows you to track and monitor the IP address usage. And for that, you can go to the IPAM dashboard and you can see everything out there. So I leave it up to you to explore the IPAM dashboard, you can also filter the CIDR ranges as per the resources. For example, if you want to see the allocation to VPCs or to the subnets or to the ENIs all that can be done through the dashboard. Now, IPAM is also integrated with cloudwatch, that means if you're close to exhausting the IP ranges from a particular pool, then you can create an alarm for that and then you can take necessary action. Further IPAM also allows you to see the IP address history. So you can track down for a particular resource which all IPs were used in the past or if you have an IP address, then you can see this IP was allocated to this ENI and then it was allocated to some different ENI all that can be traced down using the IP address history. And finally IPAM also provides you public IP insights. So this is applicable for all the public IPs that AWS provides to you as well as the public IPs that you bring in as a Bring Your Own IP (BYOIP), which means you get to see what all public IP addresses are there in use. And this is particularly useful from February 2024 because AWS will charge you for the use of public IPs. So using this public IP insights, you can figure out how many public IPs are there, how many are unassociated and then you can go and release those public or elastic IPs. So in order to get an entire view of public IPs, this feature will be very useful. OK? So essentially those are the additional features of the IPAM. Now, for completeness, I have provided few slides for every feature that I just talked about. So if you want, you can refer to these slides for the same. OK. So quickly, the IPAM summary IPAM allows you to organize IP address space into separate domains. This could be business Domain or security Domain or Environmental Domain. It is up to you how you design your IPAM. Then it automatically allocates the CIDRs to your VPCs with specific business rules and then it also monitors your IP address space that's in use and monitor the resources that are using this IP against the set business rule, which means it can also show you the compliant and non compliant resources. Further, you can see the history of the IP address assignments and one more point that we probably did not touch upon, but you can share your, bring your own IP addresses across the Region and across AWS account using the IPAM. And finally IPAM provides you two pricing option in free tier. You can manage the public IP space and for private IP space, you have to enable the advanced tier and there is a small cost when you enable the advanced tier. Okay. So that's it about the IP. So I hope this helps you for any questions in the exam around IP address management in AWS. Thanks for watching and stay tuned.