Hello and welcome to this lecture, AWS Service Catalog. So at the last lecture we saw AWS cloud formations which help us automate the creation of AWS resources. And for that, you have to write the template in JSON or YAML format, and then cloud formation does the rest. Now AWS service catalog is just one level above that. That means it abstracts the use of AWS cloud formation templates and then dependencies between the resources, the permissions for launching those resources, everything is wrapped inside a product and then end user will just see it as a product, they can browse through the product list and they just launch it. So AWS service catalog allows users to launch group of approved IT resources as a product in a self-service manner. So if you grant access to those users for those products, they can only launch those products and then you can very well control which user can launch which products, which users cannot, all that can be managed. Now underlying it users, cloud formation as I said, so ultimately administrator has to create a cloud formation template but then end user doesn't need to care about that. These products can also be shared across AWS account, AWS organization units or even across AWS organization. That means if you create the service catalog products in your management account and then there are member accounts in the organization, all the member accounts can launch the products if these products have been shared with those users. Now with respect to the IAM permissions typically for launching cloud formation template or creating cloud formation stack, users needs to have all the permissions which are required to create those AWS resources but then with AWS service catalog launch constraint you can define what are permissions this product requires to launch AWS resources. So irrespective of whether user has that permissions or not, you can still manage those permissions as a part of launch constraint. So, and again, the benefit is that you don't need to grant users all those permissions, but then you are managing those permissions internally. Users can also optionally provide the parameters. So if you know about the cloud formation, if you want to parameterize something, maybe EC2 instant size for development environment, you want that user can choose different sizes. Similarly for production environment or staging environment, there are different kind of parameters available for users to choose. Now, same parameters can be applied for the AWS service catalog products as well. So this gives bit of flexibility to your users to put or select the right parameter according to which enrollment they're launching these products for. Administrator can also provide details like support email. Now this gives users an experience like they're launching any third party products, right? If something goes bad or user need help, they need to write to someone. So as an administrator, with your products and portfolios you could also provide a support email in that case. And then finally, the output section, similar to the cloud formation where you can write an output section so that after creating the cloud formation stack, user may know what their EC2 instance IP is if you include that in your output section or maybe your cloud formation is creating a web server then what the URL of that web server, all this can be managed through the cloud formation output section and the same thing is applied to service catalog products as well. So those are kind of features of service catalog. And if you want to just look at how it works, so administrator will write a template. Ultimately someone has to write the template, and then administrator will create multiple products out of those templates. And then he or she can group those products in the form of product portfolio. And then once the portfolio is created, now this portfolio can be granted access to different users either from your same AWS account or different AWS account or an account in different AWS organization. Now the user who gets this access can then browse all the products for which they have the access to and they will just launch those products. In the back end, AWS will create a cloud formation stack according to the products that user has chosen and then users ultimately get access to those stacks. Now, if you look at from the user's lens, then it is as simple as just browsing through all the products, selecting the product and launching the product. That's it, it's as simple as that. So ultimately, AWS service catalog is a service which gives product as a service experience to your users and underlying its uses AWS cloud formation. So we have just seen this at very, very high level but if the question talks about productizing your network stack and then hiding the complexity of cloud formation, then AWS service catalog is the right service. So that's it for this lecture. And we'll see more AWS management and governance services here. So thanks for watching.