So now let's talk about STS, which is a service that is so important in AWS, which isn't going to allow us to assume roles across different accounts within the same accounts, and also enable us to do identity federation, so let's get started. First, we define IAM role within your accounts or across accounts that we want to assume. Then we define which principals can access this IAM role, and we'll use the STS service, which stands for Security Token Service, to retrieve credentials, and they're gonna be temporary, and this will allow us to impersonate the IAM role we have access to using the AssumeRole API, and the credentials are going to be temporary, as I said, between 15 minutes to 12 hours, so the diagram, what does it look like? Our users wants to access a role, for example, it's within the same or another accounts, and so, to do so, it's going to use the AssumeRole API on STS. STS will check the permissions and make sure the setup is correct, and we'll go into details on how that look likes, and then, we'll get security credentials back. They're gonna be temporary, and these security credentials will allow us to access the target role, so in which situations would we want to assume a role using STS? Well, first of all, if you want to provide access to an IAM user in an AWS account that you own or your own accounts to another resource, or maybe you want to provide IAM access users in other accounts, third parties access to your account as well. Maybe you want to also help your AWS services do what they need, so using service roles, and then, maybe we also want to perform identity federation, and we'll have a deep dive onto identity federation in this course because you need to know them all. Now, for STS, there's this feature which allows you to revoke active sessions and credentials for a role, and so this is very simple. You just need to change the policy and add a time statement or use the AWSRevokeOlderSessions manage policy, and that's perfect, and so using this time condition, you're able to say, "Okay, this role cannot be used anymore," and so that gives you an extra level of security. Remember, when we use STS, when we assume a role for it be a user, an application, or a service, we give up our original permissions, and we take the permissions assigned to the role, and so we already had a discussion as to whether we should use a role or a resource-based policy, but just a slight reminder here. Okay, so here is the deep dive a little bit on providing access to an IAM user in your or another AWS accounts that you own, so this is within your circle of trust, in which case, we can, for example, create a role in Account A or A*. It could be another account that you own, okay? To terminate EC2 instances, and so this is very important that this is all the accounts that you own because in the next slide, we'll see about the accounts we don't own, third parties, so in this case, the user will assume a role, and that role will be allowing us to terminate EC2 instances, and the benefits is that, is that we need to explicitly grant our users permission to assume the role to perform the Terminate EC2 Instance action. We can also force the users to switch to that role using the Management Console or the CLI and the AssumeRole API, and so the idea is that we have an extra level of security here. We can also add multifactor authentication protection to the role so that only users are assigned using MFA can assume the role, and so what this gives us, as well, is least privilege and auditing using CloudTrail, so by using this intermediary step to do terminate EC2 instances, we have a lot of extra security added to it, and that is a very common pattern in AWS, something that a solutions architect should be thinking about a lot. Okay, but what does it look like in practice when we have STS cross-account access? Again, just a reminder, but something you've already seen before, probably, so we have a production accounts with an S3 buckets and a development accounts with two groups of users, for example, testers and developers, and we want to provide developers access to the S3 bucket production app. Okay, so the first thing we do is that in the production accounts, the admin will create a role that grants the development account read/write access to the productionapp bucket, so this role will allow us to access the S3 buckets. Then, in the development accounts, we're granting the members of the developer group access to assume this UpdateApp role, so what happens then? The users of that group, the developers group only, can access or request access to the role using the STS API, and STS will return the role temporary credentials, and using these credentials, the users can access the S3 bucket using the role credentials, so very, very, very simple. Again, just revision, but I want to make dead clear how STS works because it gets a little bit more complicated right now, and this is probably something new for you, but very important to note going into the exam, so in case you want to provide access to AWS accounts owned by third parties, there's going to be an extra thing called external ID, so this is text, and then I have a diagram, so there's a zone of trust, and the zone of trust is all the accounts and organizations that you own, and outside of that zone of trust is going to be third parties. For example, you work with a partner, and they provide you a service, and you want to give, like I say, consulting company, and you want to give that consulting company access to your accounts. They're outside of your zone of trust. They're not directly in your organization, and so you can use IAM Access Analyzer to find out which resources in your accounts are outside of your zone of trust, okay? Which account, which resources, for example, your S3 buckets are going to be granted to third parties, and so if you wanna grant access to your third parties to some of your resources, you can get something called the third-party AWS account ID, which is a very obvious, and the most important thing here is you define an external ID, and this external ID is a secret between you and the third party, and you have to define it, and this is because if you give access to the third party to a role in your accounts, you want to make sure that only that third party has access to this role, so this is to uniquely associate the role between you and a third party, and you must be provided when defining the trust and when assuming the role, and we'll see why, and it must be chosen by the third party. You define the permissions in the IAM policy, and you're good to go, so let's have a look at a bit more details to make this a bit more clear about this, why this external ID is so important, and this is called the confused deputy, so this is a diagram directly coming from the documentation, and so we see here is that we have your AWS accounts on the left-hand side, and we have the third party in the middle, and we have another AWS accounts on the right-hand side, okay? And what the account on the right-hand side that we don't own is going to try to attack us on the left-hand side, and to attack us, it's going to be using the account in the middle, so let's see what happens when you don't use the external ID and how this attack is possible and what happens when the, once we have the external ID, and how this prevents this attack, so in the first case, our AWS accounts right here has created an ExampleRole right here, and this ExampleRole is going to be able to be assumed by the middle accounts, so we're saying, "Okay, here is the ARN of this ExampleRole, and you are able to assume this role and access some of our resources within our accounts using this role, so this is everything we've seen so far, and then, the other AWS accounts is going to try to attack us, so it's going to say, "Hey," to the middle accounts, "Hey, I have a role for you, "and this role is going to allow you "to access stuff in my accounts," but instead of providing a role in their accounts, they provide the exact same AWS1 ExampleRole ARN to the middle accounts, so this one doesn't know. It can't verify whether this role belongs to the accounts on the left or on the right, and so it's going to assume that role, and by assuming that role, instead of assuming the role on the right-hand side accounts, it's going to assume roles in the left-hand side accounts without knowing it, and so, therefore, it's going to think that it's going to be performing actions on the right-hand side accounts, but actually, it performs action on the left-hand side accounts, and this is called the confused deputy because the account in the middle is confused. It thinks it's going to operate on the right-hand side accounts, but it actually operates on the left-hand side accounts, and so this is why AWS defined this external ID thing, and let's see how this protects against this attack, and this is an exam question, so this is why I'm going go deep into this, so we have now the same setup, but this time, we also define an external ID to assume this role, and this external ID is something secret that is shared between your accounts and the account in the middle, so we're saying, "Okay, here is the ARN of the account you should assume, but when you do assume this ARN, you need to pass in the external ID that we have defined together, and so, as such, okay, it's able to access this role because we know we both know the secrets, okay? And when we look at the other AWS accounts on the right-hand side, which is trying to attack us, it's going to try to use, again, this role on the left-hand side, but it doesn't know the external ID, and so it's going to give another external ID to the account in the middle, and this time, by providing the wrong external ID, this is going to be preventing the account in the middle to access our AWS accounts because the external ID is not matching, and therefore, we have added an extra level of security, so bottom line is you don't need to know exactly all the steps, but I want to show you exactly how that works and not just tell you using external ID prevents this kind of attacks, so bottom line is still if you are using third-party accounts, and they need to get access to your AWS accounts, and you need to secure that, the answer is to use the STS AssumeRole API, but also to define an external ID, and this, hopefully, description of how this works helps you. You can also use session tags in STS. The idea is that when you assume an IAM role, or, for example, you have user federation that leverages STS, it is possible for you to pass a session tag, so how does that work? Well, your user is going to, for example, do the STS AssumeRole API call and pass a session tag as part of the API call, for example, for Department=HR, and STS will then return temporary security credentials for that user with the session tag, so why do we do this? Well, then, in our IAM policies, we can use a condition called the aws:PrincipalTag, and the idea is that using this, the tag of the condition is going to be compared to the tag passed to the STS AssumeRole, and so this allows us to have conditions to make sure that the principal making the request has the specified tags. For example, we have an S3 bucket named hr-docs, and it contains this S3 bucket policy. As you can see in the condition, there is a StringEquals PrincipalTag/Department equals HR, and therefore, only a user that has done an AssumeRole with that specific session tag will be able to make an API call into the S3 buckets, so this is particularly helpful when you federate users in STS and you want to have some conditions in your IAM policies based on some tags passed through the federation, so finally, to conclude with STS, there's a few important APIs you need to know. The AssumRole is the most basic one, which is to access a role within your account or across accounts. AssumeRoleWithSAML, which is to get credentials when we are federated with SAML. AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity, which we are using a IdP, and so that includes Amazon Cognito, Login with Amazon, Facebook, Google, or any OpenID Connect-compatible IdP, and so we'll be seeing this in detail in the federation section, and overall, just so you know right now, AWS does not recommend to use the AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity API anymore. It recommends to use Cognito instead. Then we have a GetSessionToken, which is used for MFA, so when we log using MFA to get credentials back, or GetFederationToken, which is usually to get a credentials, temporary credentials, when we have federation using a proxy app, for example, when we have something that distributes tokens within a corporate network, okay? So at a high level, these are the important APIs you need to know. The most important ones are going to be the first four. I don't think the fifth one is going to be in the exam, but still, for me, good to tell you what it is, okay? So that's it. I will see you in the next lecture for some identity federation.