Okay, so now let's discuss Identity Federation in AWS. So the idea is that you want to give users that sit outside of AWS permissions to access your AWS resources in your accounts. And the idea is that because the users already exist within your corporate directory, then you don't want to create specific IAM users for them because you'd like to do user management outside of AWS. So this is why we need Identity Federation. So the use cases is, for example, your corporation has its own identity system, for example, Active Directory, or you have a web and mobile application that needs to access AWS resources. And so this is where we need Identity Federation. So at its core, here's what it looks like. So the user wants to access AWS, and we have an identity provider. First, and this will not be represented on any following graphs, but just on this one, obviously you need to set up a trust relationship between AWS and the identity provider to tell AWS that it's fine to get an identity from this one provider. Then the user will perform a login onto this identity provider, will receive back credentials for AWS, and will access AWS using these temporary credentials. So Identity Federation can have multiple flavors. It could be SAML 2.0, a custom identity broker, Web Identity Federation with or without Amazon Cognito, and then IAM Identity Center. So I'm going to discuss the first three, single sign-on will have its own lecture, and this is the more recent generation of Identity Federation, but still from an example perspective, you need to know about all of them. So let's go ahead with SAML 2.0 Federation. So SAML 2.0 stands for Security Assertion Markup Language, and it's an open standard used by many identity providers such as ADFS. It supports integration with Microsoft Active Directory, which is nice, or any SAML 2.0-compatible IDP, which is identity provider with AWS. Using this, we can access the console, the CLI, or any API using temporary credentials. So we don't need to create IAM users for each of the employees in your ADFS. And you need, for example, of course to set up a trust between IAM and your SAML 2.0 identity providers both ways. So under the hood we'll use an API called AssumeRoleWithSAML, comes from the STS service, and that will give us temporary credentials using SAML assertion. So as I said, SAML 2.0 Federation is the old way of doing things. And now IAM Identity Center is the new managed way and simpler way of doing things, yet we still have to learn about SAML 2.0 Federation. So the best way to understand this is to go through a diagram. So we have our corporation where our identity provider sits, and AWS, and our user wants to access an S3 bucket. Now inside of our corporation, we'll have a portal or identity provider, and the user will make an authentication request to the IDP. The IDP will verify the request through an identity store, for example, LDAP-based, and then it will return a SAML assertion if the login is successful. So this SAML assertion is the proof that the user is who they claim to be, and therefore with this SAML assertion, the user can call the STS service with AssumeRoleWithSAML API, and STS will verify the assertion, make sure that yes, it is the one that is trusted, and then say, "Okay, here are some temporary security credentials for you." And the user will be able to access the AWS APIs using that mechanism. It is very similar if the user wants to access the console of AWS. So very similar setup. So we still have the IDP and the LDAP identity-based store. We have the authentication loop, as I said from before, but this time we post to AWS sign-in in this endpoint with slash SAML. And what this will return is that it will return security credentials through the STS service, and this will return a special URL, the sign-in URL for the AWS console. And this URL will be used by the user to be redirected into the AWS management console. And from there on, everything is good. So these two flows are very similar because they use the same SAML 2.0 Federation. Now if we have ADFS, it's something you may have. Well, this is the exact same mechanism as before. The only difference is that on the left hand side, we have the Microsoft Active Directory Federation Services on the top left, and then on the bottom right, where the user sits, is Active directory itself, okay? So this is for you to understand what is the difference between the IDP, so ADFS, and the directory itself, which is Active Directory. Okay, more complicated and definitely older is that if your identity provider is not compatible with SAML 2.0, then you need to use a custom identity broker. So let's say we want to access AWS services and the management console, and we have our corporation identity provider, we'll have a custom identity broker. Now the user will login to the identity broker, which will verify the login itself, but then the identity broker will be the one to authenticate and request temporary credentials from AWS. So this time, there is no AWS API that can be used. So therefore the custom identity broker has admin power and can request temporary credentials directly from the STS service, which will be returning these credentials themselves. Now that means that the identity broker is responsible and must determine the appropriate IAM role for that user. So it pushes the management of the users into the identity broker itself. Then the only way for it to work is to use the AssumeRole or GetFederationToken API from STS directly from the custom identity broker. So once the security credentials are retrieved, then they're passed on to the user, and the user can access the APIs of AWS or be redirected to the management console. So again, these are the old ways of doing things. SSO will come up later in this course. Now with web identity federation, we have two flavors, we have without Cognito and with Cognito. So without Cognito is not recommended by AWS anymore. You're recommended to use Cognito instead, but still you need to know about it. So what is Web Identity Federation? So this time we have an untrusted environment. So before, it was our corporation, so we knew the clients, but in this case, we have AWS Cloud, and we want to access services from our client directly, but we are going to authenticate with a third party identity provider. It could be Amazon, Google, Facebook, or any OpenID Connect-compatible IDP. So this obviously will be set up with AWS as a trust mechanism. And so the flow is that the client will log in into the IDP, the third party IDP, and then the web identity token is going to be shared back with the clients. The client will use a special STS API called the AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity API. And then by trading that token, it will receive temporary security security credentials for AWS. These credentials will be used to access AWS resources directly. So this is the old way without Cognito. With Cognito, it's a little bit more secure and more simple. So it's preferred over Web Identity Federation because here in Cognito, we can create IAM roles with the least privilege needed, and then we just need to build the trust between the OIDC IdP and AWS. So now we have the Cognito service, the client still authenticates to a third party identity provider, gets a token back, but then the token is exchanged with Amazon Cognito, which will return a Cognito token. That Cognito token can be exchanged with STS to receive temporary security credentials for AWS. And then the client will be able to access the AWS resources directly. So why should we use this mechanism with Cognito? Well, Cognito will support anonymous users, which is a plus. It will support MFA, and it will have data synchronization. So in that instance, Amazon Cognito operates at what's called a token vending machine because it exchanges token for credentials. Okay, so when we have Web Identity Federation, can we restrict IAM policies? The answer is yes, you can use an IAM policy variable. And so here is an example of a policy that allows the user to only list a bucket with a prefix as the user ID, and also to get, update, and put objects in with that specific prefix. So the idea is that when you have a Web Identity Federation, you can use some special variables. For example, going to identity.amazon.com:sub or amazon.com:user_id and so on to restrict your IAM policies with conditions and make sure that the users really have the restrictions they need, okay? So that's it for Identity Federation. These are the old ways, obviously, except when we're using Cognito. And we'll see SSO in the future lecture. So I hope you liked this, and I will strongly suggest you revisit this lecture one more time before the exam and it should all make sense, and I will see you in the next lecture.