In this lesson, we are going to look at a few examples of simple aggregate functions built into these parquet library. Examples of this are things like sum, count, min, max, etc. These functions can be applied on the dataframe object via the Select method, which we've seen previously. We generally apply them on an entire dataframe and the output will be a single record with the aggregation applied. To get a better understanding of those, let's switch over to the databricks workspace and look at some examples. Here we are in our databricks workspace. Just to save a bit of time, what I've done is I've created a notebook called already and the notebook resides in the demo folder, that we used for a filter and the join before. And the new notebook is called aggregation demo, and that's attached to our cluster as well, which is in my case, databricks course cluster. And the first thing we do here is to run the includes configuration, which is going to give us access to the folder parts and things like that. And the next thing we're doing is reading the race results file, that we created as part of our joins lesson. And that's going to have all the races and results and the drivers and the teams associated with that as well in one dataframe. So let's have a quick look at that. And we can then work on that data and apply our aggregations to that. Okay. As we said here, we got the race here and the race name and the circuit details and things like that and the driver details and the team details and also the points and things like that. So that's all we need. But one thing we want to do is we want to cut down this data, because it's quite a lot of data to work with. So let's just filter on 2020 race year. So we have a small dataframe to work with. So that dataframe is going to have one lead data related to 2020, and that's what we're going to work in this lesson. And that is 340 records. Before we start writing the code to use the aggregate function, so let's look at the API reference and I'll show you where to look for. So under Functions in the API reference if you go, you'll see a lot of functions. So for example, this one is an aggregate function. So if you search for aggregate, you're going to find the ones. So you've got an average and you've got collect list, collect set, you've got count, first, grouping, all of those things are aggregate functions. So we're going to look at a few of those. We're going to look at count, count distinct and some to be precise. So I'm going to import those first. So they are now imported. So let's write the count on this dataframe. So in order to do that, you would do demo_df and then select and you can use count, any of the aggregate functions here, any of the built in functions like you would normally use. So in this case, it's going to be just a count, you could do count * for example, and that's going to give you the number of records in this dataframe. So in this case, it's going to give us 340, because that's what we saw there. But let's say that we don't want that. We want to look at the race names. So let's pick a column and you're going to get the exact same number because it's counting every single record where the race name is not null. That's what you're going to get. But if let's say our objective is to look at the unique number of races that happened during 2020, we can use countDistinct for that. So let's do that. So all you would do is instead of count, you would do countDistinct, and that should give us the distinct race names. So as you can see, it's 17 races that happened in 2020. Normally it's between about 20 and 22, but because of COVID, actually there were less races in 2020. So let's say now we want to use the Sum function and Sum will just add the values between different records. And in this case, let's say we want to see the total number of points being awarded in last year's race. So that's going to be Sum of points here and that will come up with a massive number, so which is 1734. And if you wanted to look at how many points, for example, Lewis Hamilton scored, then you could just do demo df, which is our dataframe dot, and then you can apply the filter transformation for that. So as you can see, he's had 347 points out of the 1734 and we had 20 drivers. So that's why he's a champion. He scored most of the points. So one more thing I want to show you before we move on is, you can put as many functions as you want. So in this case, we've used just a Sum of points one function all the way through, but at the same time, if you wanted to get the distinct number of races he's raised as well, we can just put that function in here. And that's going to give you two columns here. The sum of points is 347 and the count of the distinct races is number 16. He hasn't raced in one of the races, that's why it's not 17, because he had COVID for that race. So one thing you may have noticed is the column names look a bit weird. As you can see, it's got Sum of points rather than just points, a total points. So as we have already been through, we can use the withColumn rename to rename the columns as well. So that's what you should do. Otherwise, when you come to reference this column, you're going to have problems. As you can see, we've got new column names, so if you just store that in another dataframe and then reference it later on, you can reference using these column names. So that's one important thing you need to remember, when you are using the aggregate functions within Select like this. But as you've noticed, actually we're only getting back one record, which is not normally what you would be looking for. And we've done a filter on driver name as Lewis Hamilton, that's why all of this makes sense. But in a production scenario, you would normally want to have every driver being listed with their appropriate total points and the number of races they have raised on, for example. So in order to do that, you need to use Group By. So that's what we're going to see in the next lesson. See you then.