In this lesson, we are going to look at grouped aggregations. Let me explain what I mean by that. In this example be filtered the dataframe on the driver name Lewis Hamilton. And we've got a record, which gives us the total points and the number of races for Lewis Hamilton. But in a production scenario, you would want to have a dataframe returned, not just with one record, you would want to have total points and the number of races for every single driver. So let me switch to Excel and show you what I mean by that. What I did is actually I took the demo_df output and put that into the spreadsheet and we're going to go over that. So as you can see here, each driver has had 16 or 17 races or whatever really in 2020. So what we want is, we want to group the data based on the driver name. So in this case, Alex Albon is the driver and we've got 17 records. So we want to group all of these and we want to add the total number of points here, as you can see, which is 105 for him and 17 races. And we want to get one record out of this, with Alexander Albon as the driver name and the count as number 17, which is number of races and the total number of points as 105. Similarly, if we take Lewis Hamilton because, we were looking at his data, so we have got Lewis Hamilton here. So what we want to do is we want to group all the data related to Lewis Hamilton here, and we want to get the total number of points for him in the last year, which is 2020, which is 347 points in total, and he raised on 16 races. So that's what we want. We want one record for Lewis Hamilton, one for Max Verstappen, one for Lando Norris and as we said, every driver would have one record. So that's what we aim to do in this lesson. So let me switch back to the notebook. And as we said, so in order to do that, what we do is we apply a groupBy method on a dataframe with the columns we want to group by on. In our case, it's the driver name and that returns back something called a grouped data object. And on a grouped data object, Spark lets us apply number of aggregations and that's what we would apply. Let me show you what I mean. So if I just take this dataframe, which is our demo_df dataframe, and if I apply groupBy on driver name, what you get back is a grouped data object and Spark gives you a number of aggregations. You can apply on that. So let me go back to the API reference and the if we look under Grouping, you have got a number of methods you can apply on grouped data object. So you've got the agg, you've got the average, count, min, max, mean and all of those things. So that's what we would do. So let's switch back to the notebook and what we can do here is, for example, in our case we wanted to get the total number of points. So in this case, let's do Sum of points. If I did that, the output should be a dataframe, as you can see here, and that contains the driver name sum of points, and let me do a show on the dataframe and see the data. That should have the driver name, which we gave us the groupBy, which is the driver name here and the Sum of points. So we got a record for each of the driver. And as we discussed previously, Lewis Hamilton Scot got 347 points. And if I find Alex Albon, that he should have 105 as you can see here. We have got one more aggregation to apply as we did previously, which is the countDistinct number of races. So that will tell us how many races he raced. You would think you can just do this, as countDistinct and then the race name and that would give you the output, which is not going to be the case. That's because, as it says here, dataframe object has no attribute, countDistinct. In order to apply countDistinct, you need to have the grouped data object. But as soon as you apply some here, your output is going to be a dataframe. So let me go back. If I just take this out and run it. As you can see, the type of the Sum here is a data frame, rather than a grouped data object. So let me undo that. So when you try and apply countDistinct on a dataframe that's not really available. So basically, what we're seeing here is you can't apply more than one aggregation when you do it this way. But interestingly, Spark gives you another method that's called the GroupedData.agg. For this method, you can give an expression with a number of built in functions. You can give more than one. That's what we want to do. Or you can give a pandas UDF as well. But we're not going to focus on pandas CDF here. We're going to focus on these ones. So let's do that. Let me switch back to the notebook and instead of Sum, we're going to use agg, and within the agg, we using the built-in function rather than the function on the grouped data object and we're going to do both them and we need an extra bracket here. And if I run this one, we should see the output we expect to see. So as you can see, we got the driver name, Sum of points and the count of race name. And if I again go to Lisa Hamilton, you've got the three and 347 and 16 races here. And similarly, Alex Albon's got 105 points and he raced on 17 races. As we did before, you may notice that actually we don't have a proper column name for this one. So we got the sum of points and the count of race names rather than total points and the number of races. You can use the withColumn renamed like we did here or there is a shortcut, you can do an alias here. So as you can see, the column names have now changed to total points and number of races, and we've got the data, as we would expect. So that's how GroupBy works. Just to summarize again, GroupBy lets you group your data based on the columns you've specified here, you can have more than one column, we will use more than one column in the forthcoming lesson. And also you can apply any number of aggregate functions you want to apply on the data, but it applies on your specific groups and produces one record out of each of the group and that's what you get out in your output. I hope that makes sense. In the next lesson, we're going to look at Window Functions. I'll see you then.