In this lesson, we are going to look at Window Functions. But before we start, let's create a dataframe with some data which will make sense to use a window function so that I can explain it better. So let's get started. The first thing I want to do is, I want to create the dataframe with more than one year's worth of data. So I'm going to get the data for 2019 and 2020, because we've been working with only one year's worth of data so far. So that demo df is now going to have 2019 and 2020 data. Let's do that. And as you can see, you've got a race year 2019 and you will see 2020 as well, which is great. And while working on this, I'm going to also show you how to use multiple column names on the GroupBy. So let's copy this again and use it here. And instead of driver name, let's use the race year as well, because we have got two years worth of data here. That's brilliant. As you can see, we've got every driver having now two records. Some drivers didn't race in 2019, so you won't see them in 2020 and vice versa as well. But if you had a driver who raced on both, then you're going to see him on board. So for example, Sebastian Vettel raced on 2019 and 2020 and his points are here as well. So let's put this into a dataframe. I've got this data exported into a spreadsheet, so let's have a look at that and I'll explain what we want to get out of this. So as you can see, this is exactly the same data. All I've done is I've ordered it by the total points and the tax year. So we've got the 2019 data here, 20 races and then you've got the 2020 data. And as you can see, Hamilton would be number one and Bottas number two and Verstappen number three like that. So what we want to do is in our output dataframe, we want to create a new column, call it rank, and we want to give them the rank based on their total points descending. So in order to do that, Spark gives you something called a Window Function. So you create initially a window specification, in that specification, you tell Spark how to partition the data and what to order by, and then you tell it what function you want to apply. So there are three things I just said. One is how do you want to partition the data? In this case, we want to partition the data by race year, because we don't want to mix the data from 2019 with the data from 2020. We want to treat 2019, separate to 2020. So because of that, our partition by column is our race year. And we want to order by something. So in our case, the order by is the total points. And we want to order by descending the highest to the smallest. And then, we want to apply a function to produce the output here. In this case, Spark gives you a function called a rank. So that's what we would use. So let's switch back to our notebook. And the first thing we want to do is we want to create a window specification. So in order to do that, you need to import window. So let's do that. So we have created our window specification. As we said, we have imported window and I call my specification as driver rank specification, because that's what we're going to do and that will be Window.partition By, that is our partition by column and then orderBy, we want to order by on the total points and descending because descending is a function, we need to import that as well. So the next thing we want to do is to apply our window function, which is the rank to our dataframe, using the window we've specified here as well. Let's do that. So our dataframe here is the demo grouped df and we want to say DOT. In this case, we have to add a new column because that is what we're doing, and that is going to be called rank. So let's do that. And that column is going to have the rank function applied using the window specification we've specified. So all we have to do is in order to do that, you have to say over and then you give the window specification that we've created already. So if I go back again, so we apply that on a dataframe and add a new column called rank, and we're going to use the built-in function rank, to go over our dataset using the specification that we've created. So it'll go over this dataframe using the specification here, which is the race year, partition by and then the order by total points descending. So one more function we need to import is a rank, because we're using that function here as well. So let's do that. And that's worked. So the output we've got is a dateframe with the race year, driver name, total points and the number of races and rank. So let's see whether that's got the output we wanted. And as you can see, it's done the job. So for 2019, Lewis Hamilton has scored 413 points and he's number one ranked. And it goes in that order and it's got the top 20 record. So if I did show 100, it's going to bring all the data back. Because we would have about 40 odd records. So 2019 goes all the way and then you've got 2020, again Hamilton's won the championship and then you've got Bottas, Verstappen and Perez. So it goes all the way like that. And they've got some ties as well. As you can see, we've had people with the 4 points, is that total points, Yeah. So we've had Giovinazzi and Raikkonen having 4 points and both of them are ranked number 16. And similarly these guys haven't scored any points and they're all number 21 here. So that's how it works. You have got a number of other functions you can use against a window specifications and they're called Window Function. So the way you find them is you come over to the API reference and under Functions, If I now search for rank, that's going to say it's a window function. So similarly, if you look for window function, you are going to find all the window functions. So let me do that. And these are all window functions, so you got lag, lead and all of those things. And if you wanted to look at the window specifications and all of those kind of things, you can look them here and we use the orderBy and the partitionBy, but you have other things like rowsBetween. So within a window you can specify which rows you want to pick. You can go one above, one below or all of those kind of stuff. So I would encourage you to read this documentation for that. So that's the end of this lesson. I hope you've now got an understanding of how to use the window function within Spark. I'll see you in the next lesson.