Now that we understand how the aggregate transmissions work and we've seen some demos, let's put that into practice. So for this one, again, we're going to take some inspiration from the BBC website. So let's assume that we got a expose the data to an API that will pull the data into a website or something similar. So I'm on the BBC website and if I go under Formula 1, under Standings, we will see both drivers and the constructors standings. So we're going to try and replicate the driver standings first. So in order to do this, we need data related to the driver. So as you can see, we got the driver's nationality in the form of flag, and then you've got the driver name and the team for which the driver is racing for, which we call constructors in our data. And the number of wins he's had and the number of total points he scored in that season. So what you're seeing here is for the current season, which is 2021. But we would make sure that we have data for all of the seasons. So in our demo we did most of these things. We did the driver details, the team details, and we also did the total points and we ranked the drivers as well. So we can put that together. But one thing we didn't do is the number of wins. So in order to do that, we have got another attribute in our results table. So let's switch to the data model. As you can see here on the results table, we have a column called Position, and that has the position in which the driver finished the race. So if he is won, that means he won the race. So that's the one we can use in order to find whether the driver won the race. And then we'll summarize it for the season and then output how many races he won. So let's switch to the databricks workspace before we start. You may have noticed that, the user interface has slightly changed. Yesterday was the Data and AI conference for 2021 and Databricks announced a lot of new things and they rolled out a lot of new things and one of them seemed to be the user interface. It's not vastly different, they've grouped things together. So we have got a dropdown here for Data Science and Engineering and Machine Learning. So things like Experiments, Feature store and Models are grouped under Machine Learning, but we're working on the Data Science and Engineering. Here, mostly everything looks the same, except that actually you got some shortcuts here to create Notebooks, Tables, Clusters and Jobs. But everything we went through previously still holds true, because you can go into the workspace and then create whatever we were creating previously. So you have the option to do those as well. And these are just shortcuts in the outer user interface. So let's go to the workspace. And before we start doing this aggregation work, we want to do, we want to make changes to what we did previously because position is a new column we want to bring in, which we haven't got at the moment. So let's go to trans and under race results, we want to pull in the position as well. So we got the points here, so let's add position column as well and we can do a Run All. But before we do that, I have missed my naming standards here, so I was having numbers at the beginning. So this is 1.race results. So I've just done the change as well and let's do a Run All. Okay, that's now completed. And as you can see, we've got the position here. And on the 2020 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, Max Verstappen scored 25 points and he finished the race first as well. And then you've got Bottas second with 18 points, things like that. So this is what we want. So we're going to use the position as number one to indicate that he won the race. So let's create the new notebook for us to have the driver standings. So I'm going to create a new notebook and call that as 2.driver standings. So the first thing we want to do is to run the configuration so that we we get access to our own points in the folder paths. So the next thing we want to do is to read the data, which is the race results into a dataframe. So let's do that. So we now have the data in our races_results dataframe. And I'm going to just display that so we can work on that data. So let's read that into a dataframe. So I'm going to put that into a dataframe called driver standings_df. And we want to read the race results_df. And the first thing we want to do is, as we said, is to group by the data. So let's do the groupBy. So we want to group by race year obviously, because we want that. And this is driver standings. So we want to have the driver name. And as we said, we need the driver nationality. And also, if you remember, we've got the team as well. So these are the columns we want to group by. So which is the driver nationality, name and the team name, and these are the aggregations we want to perform. So let's go back here and add the team name as well. And the next thing we are going to do is to do the aggregation. So in terms of aggregation, we know that we need the sum of points. So let's do that first. And let's also import the Sum function because we're using this built-in Sum function here. So let's run that through just to see the data. And I'm going to do a display on the data here. And as you can see, we've got the total points and we got the race year, driver name, nationality and team. So I'm going to just do a filter on one of the years so that it'll be easier to look at the data. Okay, so that looks good. So the next thing we want to do is the tricky one, which is to count the number of wins. So I'm going to add that, as we said before, within the agg function, you can have as many aggregations as you want. So we know for a fact that we need the count, but it's not a simple count we're looking for. We are looking for a condition. So then the position is one. So we've got positions here and if the position is one, we want to consider that as a bin. So in order to do that, spark gives you another function called the When. So I'm going to use that. And you need to import when as well. Within, then we want to say if the position is one, then count it, otherwise don't count it. So I'm going to read the position column here and then say when that is equal to one, because it's a Python notation, you've got to use double equals there and that is equal to one. We're going to be going to say that's True, otherwise it's False. So the count is only going to count the True's here. So with that, we have got the count done, but let's do an alias for that into a column called wins. And now we should have the wins in our dataframe as well. So I haven't  imported the column function count, so let's import that as well. And again, I haven't imported the column function, so I've done that as well. So now this dataframe should have the wins as the column. So let's run this to see whether we have got that. So we have got the new column wins, so let's order by the total points descending. And then as you can see, 2020 was won by Lewis Hamilton and he's had 347 points and 11 wins. So he has had a very dominant year there. And Bottas had two wins and things like that. So we have got all the wins here as well. So this is kind of what we wanted. So if we go back there, so we've now achieved the wins and the points. So there is one more thing to do, which is to have the rank for the drivers. In order to do that, we now know that we need to use the window function. So let's get started with that. So I've just imported the window and the descending and the rank functions we would need, and the next thing to do is to create the window spec. So let's do that. So our partitionBy column would be race year, because we are ranking the driver within the race year, which we did in our demo lessons as well. And we need to do an orderBy. And the orderBy has to be based on the descending total points. And we could use another orderBy, because if the total points a driver has tied, then the ranking could be based on the number of wins, for example. So I would do an ascending, sorry, descending and that would be number of wins as well. So once we've done the total points, if if there is a tie, then based on the win, actually the driver with the most wins would be given the highest ranking. So that's done and we need to create the dataframe now with the window spec being applied. So let's do that. So that will be this dataframe, the old dataframe we've created already with a new column being added. And we're using the rank function, as we said. And that's going to be all over the spec we just created here, which is the driver rank specification. So that should give us a dataframe which would contain the rank as well. So I'm going to do a display on the final dataframe. So let me copy that. And as you can see now, we've got the rank if you look at the 2020 data. So Lewis Hamilton came first and all of this, but we've got a tie here and they've both been given the rank of six. But if one of them had a win and the other one didn't, then they would have a higher ranking compared to the other one, which you can see here. Gasly and Stroll has got 75 points, but Gasly had been so that's why he's being ranked higher than Stroll. So that's how you do the window functions. But the last thing we want to do is to write to the Parquet file. That data is now written. So that's the end of this lesson and I'll see in the next one.