Now that we produced the data required for the driver standings, let's look at the constructor standings. And as you can see, it's quite simple. So we got the team name, which is the constructor name in our case, and it's the number of wins the team had, including both drivers. So the team, as you know, has two drivers and two cars racing. So it's a combination of both drivers. Wins are counted here and the points from both drivers are counted as well. But for you, it shouldn't matter if you bring all the data together, you do the aggregation against the team. And once we've done that, we want to rank the team as well in the order of their points first and then the wins. Similar to how we did the driver standing, we can drive the constructor standing of the race results dataset as well. So now that we've done one of those for the drivers, I would like you to do this as an assignment and come back to the video one if you get stuck. Good luck with that. Hope you managed to complete the assignment successfully. If not, I'll show you how I would go about doing it. The first thing I want to do is to take the driver's standing notebook and clone it so that we can just use the logic in the driver standings. And I'm going to call this notebook as constructor standings. And as we said before, we can use the same file, which is the race results, which is got the team details as well. So that'll be good for us. But we want to rename the dataframes to constructor standings because that would make sense. And in the groupBy, we don't want the driver details anymore. We only want to do the summary on the team detail, so that both drivers details are summarized. Uh, the sum. The aggregations are exactly the same. It's just that we've taken the driver details of the groupBy, so the summary is going to be on the team as supposed to the two drivers in the team. Let's change the dataframe name here too. And in terms of doing the ranking, again, it's the same logic within the race year, we want to see which team ranked first, second and things like that based on the total points and the wins. The one thing I would do is to rename the specification name here as well as the dataframe details. And also when we write the data, we want to write it to a new file called constructor standings. So I think I've done all the changes we needed to make. So let's run it through and look at the data. So one thing you may notice is when we clone the notebook, the notebook is not attached to the cluster we want. So you've got two choices either click, Attach and Run or go and Attach it here, so you can cancel out and then go back and do it. So I'm going to just do Attach and Run, and that should attach to the cluster, which it's done and it's running the notebook now. And that's successfully completed. And let's have a look at the outputs. So as you can see, this is our final output for 2020, Mercedes were the champions and in the two drivers, the total number of points is 573 with 13 wins. So the ranking has been applied as we expected and all the data looks good to me. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.