-: Hey, in this video, we're gonna walk through the practice test for labels and selectors. So the question is, we have deployed a number of pods. They are labeled with a tier ENV and BU. And how many pods exist in the dev environment? So we have to use selectors. So first let's do a get pods. And we see that there are a number of pods. Now we've got to filter it and identify the pods that are in the dev environment. So I'm assuming ENV is for environment. So that's the label. And the, so this is the key and this is the value. So if we have to find pods using the selector and then we'll say ENV equals dev. And we see that these are the pods in the dev environment. So that's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 7 of them. If you want to find So now let's say since there are just seven, it's easy to for us to just count. But let's say there are a lot of them there that now where it becomes difficult to count mentally, one thing you could do is just do a word count, right? So you could do a word count dash L. Now the problem with this is this also counts this top line which is the header. So there's a way to print this without the headers and that's using the no headers option. And when you run that you just get the output without the header. And then we can do a word count on that. And that's seven. So seven is the answer here. Okay, so the next question is how many pods are in the finance business unit? So we saw that the that label key is BUS for business unit. And the business unit, we are looking at is finance. And we'll just use same command for this. And this time is six. Okay? And how many objects are in the prod environment including pods ReplicaSets and any other objects. So let's use the same command and change the labels. So the environment is prod and now we are only listing the pods. So to list all objects what you could do is give all instead of pods So all lists all the objects in that name space. So here we have pods, we have surveys, and we have replica sets, right? So if you count this, that's, let's do a word count. And so that's number seven. So there are seven objects. And then the next question is to identify the pod which is part of the prod environment, the finance BU and the front end tier. So one that has all of it. So the environment is prod. Then we can just add additional labels separated by a comma. BU equals finance and tier is front end. Okay? So that happens to be this particular pod, which is, it starts with ZZXTF. It's this one right here. Okay? The final question is about, again, labels. So there is a file called ReplicaSet definition file. And the request is to create the ReplicaSet. And, but there's an issue with this, so we've got to fix it. So let's try creating it. Okay? And it says the ReplicaSet is invalid. Invalid value selector does not match template labels. So selector is this and template labels, so this template and template labels is this. So the error message is that this does not match this. Now we know that for ReplicaSet to manage the pod so this is basically the pod definition. The ReplicaSet needs to have these two match otherwise it won't be able to manage the pod. So that's the validation error here. So we're gonna fix this by changing this to the value below. Save that and let's create pod, sorry the ReplicaSet and it's created. That's verify creation. Yep, that's working. Okay, so that's the end of this lab.