-: Okay, so in this lab we're going to look at rolling updates and rollbacks. So rolling updates mainly. So I'm going forward, I'm going to try and use the alias K for kubectl. So I've already set an alias K for, for kubectl, so I'm gonna try and use that going forward. So we have deployed a simple web application inspect the pods and services. So let's do, get pod. So there seems to be a front end, a set of front end pods. Most likely there is a deployment we look at. So there's a front end deployment which deploys for pods, then wait for the application to fully deploy and view the application using the link called the back portal. So there is a link here you can click to view the application and opens it up in a new window. It's called, it just says, "Hello, front end moment". Okay, so let's, let's look at the first or second question. So what is the current color of the web application? So if you look here, it is blue in color. So it's blue. Now run the script named "Cold Test" to send multiple requests to the web application. So we have roll test here. So I'll run that. And as you can see, all it does is it paints the application and returns to color. So the color is blue and it just keeps running that for a few seconds. So that's, that's done. So we're gonna use this script to run tests on to kind of simulate accessing the web application by now either like multiple users, so, or, or sending multiple requests to the web application. So we'll, we'll use that to basically just do a small round of tests on, on the, on the application. Now inspect the deployment and identify the number of pods deployed by it. So we just looked at that and we saw that creates four parts. So it's four. That's the answer here. Now what container image is used to deploy the application? So let's look at the deployment in more detail and content. And here we have the pod template. You have containers, image. The image is codecloud/webappcolorv1. So it's this one right here. That's the image we've used to deploy the application. Now inspect the deployment and identify the current strategy. So if you look at this we have the, the strategy type given here and that is rolling update. So that's, that's the rolling update is the current strategy. Now, if you were to deploy, if you were to upgrade the application, now, what would happen? So we know that the rolling update takes down one pod at a time and brings up the new pod. So it does not wait, it does not take all of it down and, and bring the new ones up. So answer here is all ports are taken down before upgrading. No, that's not the correct one. Ports are upgraded a few at a time. So that's the correct one. Now let us try that, upgrade the application by setting the image on deployment to Code Cloud, web app, color V2. So we're going to update the image. Now, one way to do that is you could do a kubectl edit and deployment and front end and then go here and change the image. Another way to do that is just using the kubectl set command. So you could do a set image, run the help to find that out. So that's a kubectl set image. You can, you can say deployment, deployment name and then the container name and the image, right? So let's try that. So that's kubectl set image or the deployment. The deployment name is front end and the container name. We need to find out the container name. So let's do a deploy front end. The container name is "Sample Web App". Okay, so let's do that again. Kubectl, set image, deploy front end, container name is "Simple Web App", equals test the image. And that's updated. Let's make sure it's updated from the describe command again. And we see that the image is set to V2. Okay, that's success. So let's run the curl test again and see what we're seeing. So we are still seeing blue, but we see green occasionally. So we're, so there's a lot of blue and there's, there's some green. So green is the new version that we have deployed. And blue, blue is the older version. And now we, we see, we have a lot of green, right? So if you look at this, there was a lot of blue at first and then there's some green and then there's green and blue at one point of time. And then we just have green. So that's how it's up, updated, the application deployment. So that's the, the, the rolling update. Now up to how many parts can be down for upgrade at a time. Consider the current strategy settings. So if you look at this, the strategy type is rolling update which we have already seen. There's rolling updates, strategy, the additional details here. So 25% max unavailable. So that means it's going to take down only 25% of the pods at a time before bringing the new ones up. So you have four replicas and 25% of that is, is just one. So let's select one. Now change the deployment strategy to recreate and delete and recreate the deployment if if necessary. So let's go ahead and try and change the deployment strategy. So let's do a kubectl edit deployment content and we'll just go here and we'll just change this strategy type to recreate. And the recreate does not require the rolling update parameters, so we're just going to get rid of this. Okay, and let's verify. And we see the strategy type is changed to recreate. Okay, now the next one is to upgrade the application by setting the image on the deployment to V3. So currently we have V2 and we've got to change it to V3. And let's use the same command the, the kubectl set mage deploy command. And we'll just change this to three. Okay, so that's updated. And next let's run the call test again. And when we run this, this time, unlike the previous time we see a lot of failures. So some of the requests are failing and this is because it took down, it took down some of the, the pods as part of the upgrade because we are doing a recreate. So let's just give it some time. If you look at the application here, it says "Bad Gateway". Okay, and now we can see it started to respond. We have the red colors coming up and when we refresh this you see that we have application B3 and the red colors are coming up. Okay, so that's the end of this lab.