-: In this video, I'm gonna go over the solutions for the deployment strategy lab. For the first question, it says, a deployment has been created in the default namespace. We need to figure out what is the deployment strategy used for this deployment. So we'll do a kubectl get deployments, and here we have one deployment called frontend. So I'm gonna do a kubectl describe frontend deployment frontend. And if we go up to strategy type, we can see that it is a rolling update strategy. The deployment called frontend app is exposed on the node port via service. Identify the name of the service. We do a kubectl get service, we can see that we have the frontend-service. And if you wanna just double check and verify that this is the right service, we could do a kubectl describe service, and we could just make sure that the labels or the selectors are a match up. So here we are using a selector called app=frontend. And if we go back to the deployment, we could see for the pod template, we have a label of app=frontend. So the answer to this question, is gonna be frontend-service. For the next question, it's asking, "What is the selector used by this service?" We already saw that it's going to be app=frontend. Next question is just telling us to take a look at the web application by clicking on the web app button right here, and that's gonna be the application. The next question, "I need deployment called frontend-v2 has been created in the default namespace using the image listed below. And this deployment will be used to test a newer version of the same app. Configure the deployment in such a way that the service called frontend-service routes less than 20% of the traffic to the new deployment. Do not increase the replicas of the frontend deployment." So if we do a kubectl get deployments, we can see that the frontend, the original version one has five pods, and then frontend v2 has two pods. And if we go back to the service, you can see that we're using the selector app=frontend. So let's take a look at the selector used on the frontend-v2. (mouse clicks) And we can see that it's also using app=frontend. And so that means it's traffic's gonna get load balanced across both of these right now. And so there's five here and there's two here. And so what that means is, to see how much or what percent of the traffic is going to frontend v2, is just gonna be two outta seven, which roughly equals 28%. So to get that down below 20%, we're gonna just remove the number of pods down to one, or the number of replicas sets down to one. And so to reduce the replica sets down to one, we're gonna run the command, "kubectl scale deployment -: -replicas=1" and then we're gonna call, frontend-v2. So that's gonna scale it down, if I do a kubectl get deployments now, we should see only one pod for frontend v2 and that's gonna be a one out of six now. And that should be less than 20%. So let's check this. All right, so let's check out the app now. So if we open this up in a new tab, you can see right now it's still v1, but remember less than 20% of the traffic will get hashed to v2. So we just have to keep refreshing a couple times, until we get to v2. There we go, and I went right past it. And so we can see it's about, a little bit less than 20%. And so this is just saying, that we've now established that the new version two of the applications working expected. And so now we wanna safely redirect all users to version two. And to do that, we need to scale down version one down to zero replicas, and scale up version two to five replicas. So we can run the same command, basically. This is just gonna be frontend and so we call version one, and then we're gonna set the replicas to zero. And then this time we're gonna call v2 and set the replicas to five. This is gonna force all traffic to go to just v2. If I do a kubectl get deployment, we can see zero to frontend v1, and five to frontend v2. Now delete the deployment called frontend completely. So I'll do a kubectl delete deployment frontend, and when we do a get deployment, we should see only frontend v2. And now if we reload the web app tab, we should see that only version two of the app exists. So I'm gonna refresh, version two, version two, version two, it's always gonna be version two. And so that's going to wrap up the deployment strategy lab.