Welcome back. In this lecture, I'll give you an introduction to Databricks Delta Live Table or popularly known as Databricks Delta Pipelines. So let's start. Let's start with a very simple question. What is Databricks Delta live table or DLT. So in simple terms DLT is a framework for building data processing pipelines. And it is a declarative ETL tool. We use this framework in two steps. So basically your pipeline development or DLT pipeline development happens in two parts. The first part is we write declarative pipeline code since it is a declarative ETL tool. So we write declarative pipeline code. And then second part of it is create a DLT pipeline using Databricks Workflow UI. So for using DLT we have two steps. And DLT in general is a declarative ETL tool. But what is declarative ETL tool. So let's try to understand what is declarative ETL tool. I am assuming that you already know what is ETL or traditional ETL. So in ETL we do three things extract, transform and load the data. We work with the data with three steps uh, extract, transform and load. But in a traditional ETL pipeline we explain or write code for how to do things. So first thing we do how to extract data from a given source system. And that's E of the ETL tool. Then we next step explain how to transform or validate data after extracting. And that's your T in the ETL transform. So we write code for transforming and data validation etc.. Finally how to load valid and invalid data after transforming. And that's your load part or L in the ETL. So basically in a traditional ETL we define how to extract data, how to transform and validate data, and then finally how to load the transformed or validated data into a target, uh, table and all. Once all this is defined, we stitch all these three parts together using an orchestration tool, um, such as Apache Airflow. Or maybe if you are in Azure Cloud, you might want to do it using Azure Data Factory. But what is declarative ETL tool? Declarative ETL tool is a new idea where instead of defining how to do, we define what to do. We still write code, but we write code for defining what to do. So in a declarative ETL tool, instead of defining how to extract data from a given source, we define what to extract data from a given source, and after extracting, we define what are your data quality expectations. So instead of defining how to validate data, we simply tell what are our data quality expectations, what we expect with the good quality data and what is a bad quality data. And once that expectations are evaluated, we define what actions to take when expectations are met means we have a good quality data. Similarly, what actions to take when expectations are not met? So what do we do with the poor quality or bad quality data? That's how declarative ETL works. And in a typical case, a declarative ETL comes with an integrated orchestration. So in Databricks, DLT is a declarative ETL and it comes with an integrated orchestration capability. And that's why when I said we implement DLT pipelines in two parts, the first part is write declarative pipeline code. And then second part is create a DLT pipeline using Databricks workflow. And this DLT pipeline is the orchestration that I mentioned here, which is integrated with your, uh, DLT code. So that's what the DLT pipeline is at very high level. DLT pipeline in Databricks allows us to define what to do. And along with that, it also offers a lot of other features, inbuilt capabilities like it can give you a dashboard or a UI to see your data lineage or visualize your entire pipeline. Like this. Right? It gives you a nice presentation of your, uh, pipeline. And it also gives you a report about the data quality. What is your data quality? What percent of data is high quality? What percent of data? Is poor quality. All that details it gives and also it gives you. Capability for monitoring your pipeline error handling and a lot of other things. So that's what the Databricks DLP is popularly known as DLP. But full form is Delta Live table. And that's all for this lecture. To understand DLP in a best possible way, we will have to understand some scenarios and start implementing it. Right. So that's what we are going to do. In the next lecture onwards, we will define a scenario and try to implement it to learn the DLP pipeline. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.