Welcome back. In this lecture we want to implement the scenario that I explained in the earlier lecture and do it using DLT pipeline. So basically we will be creating our DLT pipeline. Uh, before we start writing code, let's look at the scenario. Uh, the first step in this scenario is to ingest customers raw data and invoices raw data into these two tables from the landing zone. Right. That's what we want to achieve. And then we will talk about what is next. So let's do these two things as the first step. We want to ingest data from the landing zone into the customer's raw and similarly invoices into the invoices raw. And we want to do it using auto loader. So we will use auto loader in the DLT to ingest data from the landing zone. So let's start. So I am in my Databricks workspace. Uh let me go to my workspace in my home directory. Uh, I have set up one simple notebook. Basically it's empty. And we will be writing our DLT code, uh, in this notebook. So the first step is to create your bronze layer table ingesting from the landing zone. And what do we want to create in the first we want to create our customers raw table. So but we haven't created any customers raw table. The table does not exist. So I want DLT pipeline or the DLT code itself to create the customers raw table and then load data into the table. So two things we need to define here. Uh create customers raw table. And then second part is load data into the table. So how to do it using DLT DLT code can be written using a spark SQL like syntax and also can be done using Python. So in this uh lecture we will learn how to do it using SQL like syntax. Python. We will learn later. So first step is to create a table for customers raw. So how do we do that uh in DLT. So we start with create. Or refresh. That's the difference. Normally in Create table DDL we say create or replace or simply create table if not exist. But here we will say create or refresh. So if table does not exist, DLT should create a new table. If table already exists, it should refresh the same table with the data from the source. So create or refresh. And then what do we want to create or refresh. We want to um create or refresh our. Table. Right. And then give a table name. So let's say table name is. Customers underscore raw. Right. So create or refresh table customers underscore raw. But we want DLT to create a. Table and fill that using incremental approach. So what do we want to do. We want to create a streaming table. So that's the trick here. Uh we have to right. Create or refresh a streaming table. Customers raw. And that's the way we tell DLT to create or refresh a table which will be filled with a incremental data set. So so we create a streaming table. What is the next step. We want to tell DLT from where to get the data for this table. Right. So create the table this first part. But we also want to load the data into this table. So from where to get the data. And that can be told as simple as like select star. From. And maybe in the from clause you can tell get it from the cloud files right. So cloud files is our autoloader. So we have a cloud files function. And then in the cloud files function you can pass on the parameters to define your auto loader configuration and your landing zone directory. So the first parameter is your landing zone directory from where cloud files should start ingesting the data. So I'll simply paste the location here. So that's the cloud files location. Uh, we want to ingest data from the customers directory in the landing zone. And then next thing immediately we will have to tell okay, what is the file format. So maybe next parameter is CSV. So we tell what is the cloud file format. So data file is coming as CSV. What is next. The next step is to specify any necessary cloud files configuration or auto loader configuration. So with DLP this cloud files function uh comes with some decent defaults. So it automatically configured uh with your uh schema evolution, uh, automatic schema inference and uh checkpoint for uh, storing the schema across the microbatches all that is taken care of by the DLP pipeline itself. And if required, we can give some additional configuration. So I want to give one configuration. So we learn how to give the additional cloud file configuration. So let me paste the code here. So any additional, uh, autoloader configurations can be provided as a map. And the map is nothing but a comma separated list of key value pairs. Right. So you tell the configuration and give the value. And then if you want to give more configurations, put a comma, give the next configuration and then value and then comma next configuration and so on. So this is enough for our scenario. All I want to tell a cloud file to infer column types don't make everything a string. So try to infer column types. So that is pretty much all uh for ingesting data from a landing zone into customers route table rest. All will be taken care of by the DLP itself. Uh, but I want to give one more field here. So we take everything from the, uh, data file. But I also want to add a current time stamp, uh, to my, this table, uh, specifying at what time we ingested which record. So let me paste a code for that here. So I want an extra field called load time, which is current time stamp. So whatever time we ingest the record, it should be time stamped with the current time stamp. And we keep that as load time. So that's all. That's all the code I have for, uh, ingesting data into customers raw. Uh, can you write the same kind of, uh, data ingestion code for invoices Raw. Right. It's very simple. Next step is to ingest invoices raw. So let me paste the code for the invoices raw I'm not going to type it again. Here it is simple. Create or refresh streaming table invoices raw as select star. Take all the fields plus current time stamp as load time from where to get the data from cloud files. This is the location data file is coming as CSV, and we want cloud files or auto loader to infer column types. So that's all my bronze layer ingestion is done. What is the next step in our requirement. So let me go back to the uh slide and see what is the next requirement. Okay so here we are. So next step is to read data from customers raw and apply some data quality checks. Uh to filter out the poor quality records and fill data into customers cleaned table. So we want to create one more table. Table name is customers cleaned and fill data from customers raw into the customers cleaned. Uh, filtering out some poor quality records. So how to do that in DLT. That's the next step. So let's try learn that. So I'm back on my same DLT pipeline notebook. And next step is to create your silver layer tables reading incremental data from bronze layer. So uh I'll write code for that here. Uh how to write DLT code. There are always two parts of DLT code. You create a table and then fill the data into the table. Right. So we want to create a new table. And table name is customers cleaned. Uh I hope you already learned how to create tables. So in DLT. So I'll simply paste that line here. Here it is. Create or refresh a streaming table. Customers clean the entire silver layer we want to create using incremental data processing approach. Right. So all the tables in the silver layer are going to be streaming table. And this is how DLT knows that this table should be created using incremental data processing. So uh, customers clean will become an incremental uh table or simply called streaming table. Uh, but we also want to implement some data quality checks. Right. So in DLT, in the declarative ETL, data quality checks are performed through expectations. What is an expectation? It is simply a constraint. Like in traditional relational databases we implement constraints, right. So we add constraints to this table. Uh, and those constraints in DLT are known as expectations simply called data quality expectations. So how do we define expectations for this table I maybe put a parenthesis here. And in the parentheses we will define the expectations. So let's define it. Uh expectation is defined or the constraint is defined as. Constraint and then give a constraint name. Let's call it valid. Customer constraint. And then we say, okay, we expect this constraint. What we define the condition. For example, uh, I want customer ID to be non-null. So simply say customer ID is not null. Simple, right. So what we are doing we are telling we are defining a constraint. Constraint name is valid customer. And we expect that customer ID is not null. So if customer ID is null, constraint is violated. If constraint customer id is not null constraint passed. Uh, but what do we want to do. Uh, after that, what do we want to do if constraint is passed or constraint failed. Right. So that we can define here on. Violation. What do we want to do? Let's say drop. Row. That's all. So the what we did so far looks very simple. Create or refresh a streaming table. Table name is this. And this table has one constraint only valid customer and this constraint. Expect this rule to pass. And if this rule is violated, drop the row. Leave that row. Do not insert that row into the customer's cleaned. That is all. We are done defining a table and we are also done defining a data quality expectation. Now. We need to fill the data into this table. Right. So we need to specify the second part, uh how to fill the data. So that's as usual as like we did earlier as and then we do the select expression where to get the data. So as uh let's say select star. Or maybe you can uh, type a specific column names, assuming that there are so many columns coming about the customer from the source, we don't want to bring all the columns. We are interested only in a specific column. So you can do that also. So let me paste uh uh select expression here. Simple. So I'm um bringing customer ID and renaming the column as customer underscore ID. So I'm taking customer name and renaming that name as customer underscore name. So basically I'm also implementing a standardized version of the column names. And then load time. And from where this data will come from. And this data should come from the. Customers are table from my bronze layer table. So from, uh, this table. But this table is a DLT table. It's a streaming table created by the DLT pipeline. Uh, I am not specifying any catalog name or database name here. Uh, so where do we find this table? In which schema or in which database? I can find this table? So tables that are created within the DLT pipeline by the DLT itself can be referred using a keyword called live. A live is like a. Intermediate or temporary, uh, schema created by the DLT, where all these files, uh, can be found or referred. So all these tables that we are creating within the DLT pipeline itself, uh, can be referred using live dot table name. So live is like a schema here. And since my source table, uh, this table is a streaming table, I'll also wrap this, uh, table name inside a stream. So I'll simply say stream. And that's all. So that's how we refer DLT tables within the DLT pipeline. So customers raw table is created within the DLT pipeline. So I can refer it using live customers raw. And since it is a streaming data set it's an incremental table. So I have to specify it with a stream. To read it as a streaming table means I want to read it in incremental using incremental approach. I don't want to read the entire table, I just want to read the incremental data from this table. And that's why this stream is important. If you don't give that stream, uh, keyword here, if you don't wrap it, then this code will try to read the entire table. But we don't want that. We want to read only the incremental data. And that's why I'm putting a stream here. And that is kind of all my customer cleansed or cleaned. Uh, table is defined in the DLT. Similarly you can define your invoices clean table also uh code is similar. I hope you can write that. So let me paste that code here and quickly walk you through the code. That's the code for invoices cleaned. Uh looks long, but there is nothing much new here. So what I am doing create or refresh streaming table because this table also I want to build, uh, as a streaming table using incremental data. Table name is invoice cleaned. And within this pair of parenthesis I am defining a constraint. So constraint is uh valid invoice and quantity. What is the rule that I expect it to pass? Uh rule is simple. Invoice number is not null and quantity is greater than zero right. So both the conditions should pass on violation. Drop the row. So we drop this record. And if these two constraints failed. And that's how we check the data quality. Uh but I also want this table to be partitioned so that flexibility is also there with the DLT. It's not like that. You can create table only. You can also create a partition table. So I want this table to become uh partitioned on invoice year and country two columns. The reason is that this is my fact table. It's going to be large. Uh, fact table is assumed to consume and collect a lot of data. So it's advisable to keep this partition, uh, so that rest of the queries, the aggregation queries can perform faster. So I am implementing partition. Where is the data coming from this table? Uh, as select and simple I have a select uh expression. And this select expression gives me an opportunity to implement some kind of transformation. Also. So if I am simply doing simple transformations like invoice number renamed as invoice underscore number, these column is also uh renamed Right Quantity and invoice date. Maybe it is coming as uh string because while building my uh bronze layer here here I have not defined uh date time format and all that so that it can infer the date time columns correctly. So I am assuming that invoice raw will infer the date time column as uh, string. So I want to fix that. So I know invoice date will be uh inferred as a string. So I want to fix that, fix that, convert it into a two date and rename the result as invoice date. Similarly unit price, customer ID country all that fine invoice date. Again I'm, uh, adding two extra columns. So invoice year invoice month. So how to derive the value for invoice here, taking invoice date, converting into a proper date and then taking year part of the date of the invoice date and keeping it as invoice year and then invoice month. And finally I also take the load date or load timestamp from the bronze layer. And this is the column which I am using for, uh, first level partitioning and country column for the second level partitioning and source uh for this is invoice is raw. Uh, it's created in the DLT pipeline itself. So I can refer invoices raw using live dot invoices raw. If I don't use live Dot, then maybe pipeline will try to find this table in my. Default database, right? Uh, but I know this is not created in the default database. It is created as part of the delta. Delta live table pipeline. So I can refer it using live schema. And I want. Don't want to read this table full. Uh, every time I refresh this, uh, clean table, I don't want to read the entire table. I only want to read the incremental data. So that's why I am using a stream here. So read only incremental data. That's what this stream tells. And that's all we are done with the, uh, first intermediate table or high quality data table for, uh, my silver layer. What is the next step? Let's go back to our. Uh, diagram and try to see what is the next step. So here is the slide. Uh, we prepared these two tables, right. Customers cleaned and invoices cleaned. Next step is to prepare the customers table and similarly invoices table. But these two are completely different. Uh, customers table should implement SCD type two. So when a updated customer information comes we want to implement SCD type two for the update. Right. And you already know what is SCD type two. What do we do in the SCD type two. The old record will be closed and marked inactive with the timestamp. And then new updated information about the customer will also get inserted in the in the customers table and it will be time stamped marked as active. So it's like um till 15th January. The old record was active and from 16th January the new updated information has arrived. So, uh, customers information is active from 16th January onwards using the new record. So that's what we want to implement here. So let's let's finish this part and then we will come to this uh, let's code this because this is completely new. Uh, we want to implement SCD type two. Okay. So step three is to build your SCD type two dimensions using CDC from silver layer. So how do we do it? Again there are only two parts of every DLT statement. Part one is create the target table and then part two is fill the data into the target table. We specified two things. So first part is create the target table. Target table name is customer. So how do we create the target table. Same statement. Let me paste it uh create or refresh streaming table customers. This table also I want to be an streaming table which will be filled only with the incremental data. Uh, it won't be refreshed again and again completely. So only incremental data will be processed. So create this. And then we put a semicolon here because we want to write a separate statement for um how to fill what data to fill in this table. Now earlier we were writing it create or refresh table or streaming table invoices cleaned give any constraint if you want. And after that we, um. In continuation of this same statement, we give how to fill data using as and then build our select expression. Right. But here what we want to do we want to implement a CD type two, which behind the scene is done using merge statement or a complex logic. Uh, plus a merge statement because it is duplicate removal. And duplicate removal is done simply using the merge statement. Right? If record already exists, update that record, and if record does not exist, then insert that record. That's what the merge statement does. So in DLT, applying merge statement uh comes with a separate syntax a different syntax. So let's try to learn what is the syntax for implementing the merge statement. And we will put up some configuration so that that merge spit statement is extended to implement SCD type two. So let's try to learn that. So statement is as simple as apply. Changes into. Into which table into customers table. Right. But it is a live table. So live dot customers table. So apply changes into customers table. And then we tell, uh, what is the source. So from and from is my customers clean table. Right. So. But I want to read only incremental data. So I'll put it in a stream function or wrap it inside the stream. And then it is, uh DLT created table. So I can refer that using live dot uh customers clean. So apply changes into this target table from this is the source table. And what is next. You know merge statement. Merge statement. We define the join condition how to find the record already exist or not. Right. So to define the join condition we simply say okay keys and tell what is the unique key. It's a single column or a composite column. So whatever the unique key, uh, is there in your, uh, customers table that you have to tell here. So what could be the unique key? Uh, maybe customer ID? That is what we want, uh, to be non-null always. So let's make customer ID as unique key. So key is a single column key, uh, which is customer ID. So we are kind of writing merge statement, uh, in a different syntax in, in a declarative syntax we are not telling how to merge. We are simply saying apply changes into the customers table from customers clean table using only incremental data and for merging match the records using customer ID and what is next? What to do next. Next is a very powerful feature of, uh, DLT apply changes. We call it. Sequence by. Sequence by and in sequence by. I want to tell, uh, one field, uh, kind of load time. Right. So sequence by load time, what does it mean if we have received two updates for the same customer? Right. One is, uh, update at maybe 10 a.m., another update at maybe 11 a.m.. So we will have two updates and target is one record. So which one of these two we should take for building our, uh, SCD type to dimension? Maybe you should first implement it using first record, then implement it using the second record. First record is 10 a.m. record. Second record is, uh, 11 a.m. record. So all that makes your logic very complex. If you are coding for that, you will have to, uh, implement a sorting and then implement it step by step for both, or ignore the first one and implement the second one. But DLT is a declarative tool. We simply tell, okay, if there are duplicate inputs for the same customer ID, sort them by load time and then implement the SCD type two. And that's what the sequence by will do. So it's a magical, very powerful feature, uh, of DLT. And what is the next we are done. Uh, but we need to tell that we want to implement SCD type two because DLT gives you options for implementing SCD type one. SCD type two. CDC simple override the same record CDC multiple options. So we want to tell okay in this scenario for this customers table. This customers table we want to implement SCD type two. So that can be told as stored. As a, c, d. Type two. Right. And put a semicolon. We have two statements in this single cell. This is the first statement. This is the second statement. So it is mandatory to use semicolons to separate these. And that's all we are done. Build your city type two dimension using uh your silver layer table which is your this clean table uh into your final dimension. Super simple. And we will run it and see how it implements. What is the result. But we are done. So we are done with the, uh, customer dimension. What is the next step. Let's go back and uh, look at our requirement diagram. So here it is. So we built, uh, this and now next one is this invoices. So we want to build the invoices fact table. And in the fact table we don't want duplicates. We want one record for one invoice which should be the latest information. It is possible that invoices coming as update. Right. So it is possible that you got 9 a.m.. You got one invoice and 915 you got another update for the same invoice ID and that's possible, right? So how do we handle that simple. Merge the 915 record after the 9 a.m. record into the same table and overwrite the data or update the existing record. And that also can be done using merge statement. Merge means merge into the target table using the source records, and if record is matched, update that same record. If not, insert it. So how do we implement merge simple merge which is not a CD type two, which is kind of change data capture. Right. So. Uh, how do we do that? Let's do that for invoices. So here I am. And the next step is to merge into fact table using CDC from the silver layer. So how do we do that again two steps. Create the table. Create or refresh the table. And then step two is to provide the details how to fill data into that table. So let me copy paste the code for creating the table. That's simple. Here is the code. Uh, create or refresh. I want this also to be a streaming table, which should be filled using incremental data. Uh, table name is invoices. And I want this table to be partitioned by invoice year and country. So earlier also we tried to partition the invoices, cleaned table using invoice year and country. Same way. We also want to partition our fact table using invoice year and country. So I'm specifying that option. So table is defined. What is the next. The next step is to provide details how to fill data into this table. So let's do that. So in this case also we want to implement merge statement. It's not a single Select statement. So in DLT there are only two syntaxes. One is your select. Read data from source. Do some transformation as part of the select expression and write it into the target table. In our case, we are reading from one table, but you can do all kind of things. Like you can join two tables, you can do an aggregation. Whatever you want to do, it's you have the full flexibility of the SQL expression and build complex transformations. Other option is apply changes, which is a kind of merge statement. And with the merge statement or with the apply changes, you have multiple options. We used uh SCD type two here. Uh, but um, this time we want to implement a simple merge statement. So syntax is same apply changes. So let's do apply. Changes into what is the target table? This is my invoices table. Same like earlier, but it is a live table. Uh, I can access it using live dot. And then we tell data where is data coming from? So from and from where data is coming. Data is coming from invoices cleaned. Right. And. I want to read only incremental data. So put a stream there and use live dot invoice stream. So data is coming from, um, invoices cleaned. And then once we have the data we have to tell what are the keys for matching. Right. So what is the key in the invoices. Uh, maybe let's go look at it. Maybe invoice number is a good key. Right. So we put invoice number here, but, uh, let's think it about it a little carefully. Uh, invoice is coming with the invoice number. Looks like for each invoice, we will get multiple records, right. Uh, for each invoice, uh, basically this is invoice line item. So if in one invoice, there are three items sold, uh, we will get three records, one line item, one records, and second line item, second record, third line item, third record. And that's why we have a stock code and description quantity price. All those details are there. So basically invoice number is not a unique key. So I'll have to use some composite key. So I think. Using a stock code and invoice data is a composite unique key for my invoices record. Based on my data set. So that's how you can use composite key for matching right. So that's pretty simple. So we defined apply changes into this from this table. Match it using this. And it will automatically assume if not matched when not matched insert when matched update. That's what we want. Uh, merge statement to do. Right. But we still have the sequencing problem, right? What if, uh, two updates arrived for the same invoice? Um, one update arrived at 915, another at 918. Do you want to implement 915 first and 918 second? Yes. If we implement 918 first and then 915 second, then we are overwriting the new information with the old information which will corrupt our data. So sequence is a very critical thing here. So um, whenever you are doing merge, even if you are manually implementing merge in your fact or in dimension, you should implement a sequencing logic there. But, uh, DLT gives us an easy way, uh, to implement sequencing. So sequence by and what is the field here. You have to have some field which identifies the order in which the transaction happened. Uh, I am using load time here, but ideally, um. Your record itself should have a created time stamp, right? Uh, and you can use that for sequencing. Uh, but since my input data set doesn't come with the created time stamp, I purposefully created load time stamp. So at least I know what time I'm which record I'm loading first and which record I'm loading second. And then, uh, I can do sequencing based on the load time, but in best case, your data should. Tell itself that what time this transaction happened and which transaction happened first and which transaction happened second. Uh, and that's all we are done with that. Put a semicolon and we are done with, um, implementing our fact table. That's all. So what is next? Let's go back to the diagram. So we kind of implemented all up to here. We implemented bronze layer. We implemented a silver layer. Uh we haven't written more than 50 lines yet. The last step is to create this, um gold layer table. And we want this table to, uh, refresh itself, uh, fully. So full refresh means what you have two options. You can create a view. So view is always refreshed when you query that view. Right when you use that view. So but view has a disadvantage. Uh, every time you touch that view the query is fired and it will go and query the base tables once again. Right. So views are, uh, typically slow. What is the alternative approach. Think about the databases or data warehouses. We have materialized views right. So materialized view is filled with the data. So it is refreshed. When there is any change in the source table we refresh the materialized view. And once it is refreshed, your customers or consumers can query the materialized view. And it should perform fast. Because this this is a reporting table which is small aggregated table. And um it should perform fast. So full refresh in DLT is done using implementing a materialized view uh for your table. So in this last step, what we want to do, we want to create a daily sales UK 2022 materialized view. So far we have been creating streaming tables which are incremental tables. Those are tables right? We load data into those tables and those are incremental tables. But this one we want to implement as a materialized view. So let's see how to do that. You can also implement it using view but we prefer using Metalised view. So let's see how to do that. So here I am. The last step is to materialize your gold layer summary using silver layer Fact. So how do we do that? Uh, simple here. Also, all I have to tell. Create or refresh a table. And how to fill data for that table. So we'll give a SQL expression for that. So let's do uh create or refresh. Um, what do we want to do? Earlier, we wanted to do an streaming table, which is an incremental table. This time we want to do a materialized view. So the keyword in DLT for creating a materialized view is live. So we want to create or refresh a live table. And table name should be. Daily Sales UK 2022. So simple. We want to create or refresh live table and this live represents a materialized view. Um, if you are want to build an incremental table, you will build uh, streaming table. If you want to create a materialized view, which is fully refreshed every time there is a change in the source data set, uh, you will create a live table. That's why the live means it is live. It always, uh, refreshes and gives you the latest live state of your data. And once this is done, you can specify how to create that materialized view. So as and put up your aggregation query. That's all. So let me put up uh paste the aggregation query here. Here is the select statement. So what do we want to do. Select country invoice here. Investment invoice date and sum of quantity into price. Round it to two uh digits and rename it as Total sales. So basically we want to calculate total sales by country, invoice year, Invoice month and invoice date. And since it is only for UK and year 2022, I want to apply a filter where invoice year is equal to 2022 and country is United Kingdom. So that's all. Uh, and for creating this sum aggregate you have to group by so group by country, invoice year, invoice month and invoice date. That's all. One more important thing. Uh, we don't want to create this aggregate using incremental data only. I want to create aggregate reading the full record. So I'm reading, uh, full invoices table. So I'm not using stream keyword here. So that's all we are done with the writing DLT code. So I hope you learned how to use, uh, declarative ETL in Databricks. What is the Databricks DLT pipeline code. So we are done with the first part. If you recall your earlier lectures we talked about DLT can be implemented in two stages. First stage is to write your declarative ETL code. We are done with that first stage. Second stage is define your DLT pipeline, uh using the Databricks Workflow UI. So that's what we are going to do in the next lecture. Define your DLT pipeline so that it can be scheduled or executed on a regular basis, or can be scheduled to run as a continuous pipeline. Uh, all that we will learn in the next lecture and, uh, test this code. Also see you again. Keep learning and keep growing.