Welcome back. In the earlier lecture, we learned to write declarative ETL code for our DLT pipeline. So we are done with the coding. In the earlier lecture itself. In this lecture, we want to learn how to create a pipeline and schedule it to run, uh, at a regular interval or as a continuous, uh, workflow. So let's get started. So creating a DLT pipeline can be done from the workflow menu. Uh, you can come to workflows in the Databricks environment and come to the Delta Live table menu. Uh, it is also available in the data engineering menu where you have Delta live tables. This will directly bring you to Delta Live Table. So Delta Live Table. Here is a UI that allows you to create the pipeline. You should have done coding already. And that code could be available in your source file or in your notebook. So that is done. Let's learn how to create a pipeline and see what a Delta Live table pipeline means. So hit the Create Pipeline button. You can give a name to your pipeline. Let's call it uh uh. NY, says DLT. Pipeline, whatever name you want. And, uh, product edition. So they have core Pro. Advanced. Advanced comes with all the features. So let's go with the advanced and then pipeline mode. So this tells, uh, how your pipeline will be executed. You want it to be triggered at a regular interval. Or you want it to keep on running all the time. So we want to go for a triggered one. So triggered means you can schedule it maybe every half an hour or every day. Uh, in our scenario we want to build a daily sales reports, so maybe triggering it once in a day is enough, right? So you can choose the pipeline mode. And then next step is to tell where is your pipeline code, where is your source code. So uh, just do the browse. You can have your code in the repo or you can have in your code in the workspace. So I have in the workspace I'll simply go and choose my um. Delta pipeline code or the notebook. Select it. And that's all code is, uh, done. Uh, then. Next step is to tell where your DLT tables will be created, in which catalog or which database. So hive Metastore means your workspace, local catalog and unity catalog which is in preview mode. Earlier this feature was not there with the DLT. DLT is a tool which is in active development, and with every new release, you keep on getting new, new features. Now, Databricks is continuously improving and adding new and new features. So earlier unity catalog was not supported by DLT. So what does it mean. The target table. We are creating customers raw table invoices raw table. And we are creating a customers and invoices fact tables gold layer tables. Those tables should be created in a catalog and in a database. Right. So earlier uh DLT didn't support Unity catalog. Now you can create those objects in the, uh, Unity Catalog object and then manage privileges properly. So choose your catalog. Which catalog do you want these tables to go. Uh, dev catalog I that's what I have. And within the catalog you choose your database. So which database I created? Demo database. Demo DB database for that purpose. So let's choose that. So my all the tables that I'm creating as part of the DLT will go and sit in this uh database and then uh cluster policy. So we don't have any cluster policy none. So leave that for now. Uh, and what is the cluster mode. So uh, cluster mode we have enhanced auto scaling, legacy auto scaling, which should go away in the future versions and fixed size. So what kind of cluster do you want for your DLT pipeline to run? Right. It's a job. It's going to run as a job. So do you want uh, cluster which can auto scale to a larger size depending upon the workload. Or you want a fixed size cluster. So whatever you want, you can choose. I'll go for a fixed size cluster. And what is the fixed size? Five worker nodes. That's too much for a simple, uh, learning scenario. So I'll go with a single worker. So what it will do DL this pipeline will launch a multi-node cluster because DLT pipeline requires a multi-node cluster, uh, with one worker and one driver. And that's how it says two DB per hour. So that's what my, uh, cost uh, is going to, uh, become two DB per hour. Do I want photon acceleration for this cluster? No, I don't want. And then, uh, other things are like notification. Do you want to configure some notification for starting for, uh, finishing, for errors and all that? Uh, all those facilities are there. I'm not going into those details in the advance. If you want to add some additional configurations, you can add those configurations for your cluster. Uh, what type of channel do you want. So this is interesting. Current is whatever is, uh, ready for production and comes with the Long Tum support. And preview channel is including those features that are still in preview. So we want to go with the preview channel, uh, because we know we are using Unity Catalog for this scenario. And Unity Catalog is in preview. So it is kind of necessary to go with the preview channel. But maybe in a couple of months very soon, uh, this will, this feature will also become, uh, production ready. So that's all uh, maybe you can see the UI, uh, Json for this. And if you want to automate this using Rest, API or CLI, this is what, uh, you can use, uh, but go with the UI for now and hit the create button and it will create a pipeline. Right. So it's a basic pipeline. Uh, show. And this is the pipeline UI. Uh, this is where what you will see. So maybe if you want to come here again next day, you can come back to workflow, come to Delta live table and you will see the same pipeline here. Right. Hit the pipeline and you will see the pipeline home page. So what do we have? Uh, this is the central area where pipeline will show the entire hierarchy visually. But for that we have to run the pipeline at least once. So the entire hierarchy is shown here. Here you will see all the messages, events. What is successful, what is failing. You have the pipeline details here. Like this is the ID. What is your source code run as which user update details? Uh, cloud is Azure and product edition is advanced. So and you can see uh two tabs here development tab and production tabs. So they have uh prepared two modes actually. So this is production mode and this is development mode. So we are in the development mode. So I'll go for the development mode. But once your pipeline is developed tested, uh, you uh set it to production mode and then run it. And if you want to see some settings are here, you will come back to your, uh, page, uh, the creation page, all the settings. You can change it from here, cancel it and come back here. And then, uh, we have an option to schedule things. Right. So if you want to schedule, you can add a schedule. And add schedule will allow you to run it at a regular frequency. That's simple. Maybe. Let's try it. So what is your schedule? Let's give a unique name for your job. Delta job. Do you want manual or you want, uh, automated schedule. What is the frequency? Every minute, every hour, day, month, all that you can schedule and set the alerts for start, success, failure, all that. Uh, we are still in the development phase, so I don't want to schedule it, but you have an option to schedule this pipeline, and it will keep on running at a regular interval. Uh, you can start it from here. So we have two modes for start, uh, full refresh all and then validate. Validate will simply you already have the code will go look at the code and try to validate it. So you have two modes. So let's run it in the full refresh mode. This is first time we are running this DLT pipeline. So it should be full refresh mode. So let's run it. Uh hit the start button and it will start. These are the steps that it is going to uh perform. And it's a job right. DLT pipeline will create a job, uh, and run your, uh, code that we defined, uh, in the notebook. So for running that job, it is first step is to create a cluster. So basically it is waiting for resource in the background. It has launched a job cluster a DLT cluster. Once that cluster is ready, the job will start executing. Maybe if you go to compute menu uh you can come to compute menu. This is my multi node cluster that I created earlier. If you come to job compute you will see a DLT execution ID blah blah blah. There is one job cluster being launched. Its state is still starting. So and you can see here the pipeline is waiting for the resource. So it may take some time uh, to start the cluster and finish the job. So I will pause the video and come back when my cluster is ready. And, uh, job is supposed to start doing its work, so I'll come back. So my cluster looks like it is started and it's moved to initializing stage and my pipeline is running. I'll see all the events here. If something fails, I should see the failure message. If everything, the entire pipeline works smoothly. Uh, I should see a bunch of success messages here. So maybe you can expand it a little bit. Okay, so it looks like it's in the final stage of running. All the setup is done and we can see these four tables are refreshed. Now these two are getting refreshed. Uh, maybe I can zoom out a little. Move it here so you can see the entire pipeline. Right. So these two are currently refreshing. All done. I think this one is refreshing. Now all these are done. So all the dependency is automatically identified. Right. Based on our code. And we see a nice visualization here. And it looks like it's completed. Everything worked uh perfectly fine. And if you see uh, update details here, uh, is updated, status is completed and update type was refresh all uh creation time duration this including the cluster start time one minute 41 second is the runtime. This is the compute resource. So all that details are here. So it worked. It worked. Now uh, let's go back to my workspace and open my setup. Uh uh, script. We earlier we created this setup script. Uh, and basically we ingested some data files, uh, in the landing zone, and we stopped here. Right. Create and run your dldt pipeline. So I've done creating Dldt pipeline, running that Dldt pipeline. And once this is done, my final result should be here, right? Daily sales UK 2022. Uh, table should have the final results. So can we query that table so you can query that table. And that table should have been created into the dev catalog demo DB database because that's where I, um created it. So we do have results. Uh, result is calculated. This table is populated. Maybe if you want to describe this table, uh, and see, uh, what kind of table it is, let's do describe extended and describe this table. Uh, you will see some more details about the table. So a schema of the table. Let's create it in the demo db database table name is this and table type is Metalized view. Because that's what we wanted right? We created a live table. So it's a Metalized view right. So that's all about uh, this uh, maybe let's come and see a few more things in the report here. So if you look at if you click any of these, uh, tables, you will see some more details here. So let's let's see what do we have. So this table you can see details from here itself. It's a streaming table. Right. And then uh status is completed. Target table is, uh raw. That's what we have. If you look at the data quality you will see what is the data quality for this table. So we didn't implement any data quality rule on this table. So everything is like 100%. But uh on the customers cleansed we implemented data quality rules. Right. We implemented um, uh expectation. So 100% return, uh, nothing is dropped. Right. And this is the validation, valid customer validation that we defined, uh, 0% failure. Maybe look for the invoices data quality. And there are three records were dropped, uh, because either, uh, of the two fields that we defined in the validation, this validation failed. Right. So the, uh, return is 99.4% dropped is 0.6%. So you get the details about the data quality from here. Uh, maybe if you want, you can close this, make some more space. You get the schema here, and flow tells, uh, what type of flow this table will implement. So it's an incremental because it's an streaming table. Right. So this invoices is, uh, based on change because we implemented merge statement. Apply change. Right. So it's a change. What about this. So this is also a change, uh, because we implemented apply change for this. And this one is a complete refresh. It tells uh, it's a complete refresh. If you look at the details, it will tell it is a metalized view. But this one is a streaming table, right. So that's how, uh, Delta Table Pipeline gives you a lot of reporting capability and monitoring capability. Um, but what about the increments? Right. So let's go, uh, and ingest some more records into the landing zone and see how it refreshes the second iteration. So, uh, I'm going to copy another, uh, customer data set and three invoices, data sets in the landing zone. So let me run that. So simply, I'll copy some more, uh, records into the landing zone to simulate the ingestion. So we ingested some new data into the landing zone and run that, run this, run this also. And then run this also. Right. So we ingested a bunch of new files, some new customer information, some new invoices. Uh, ran the pipeline once again. So you come here. I have not scheduled it to run at regular intervals, but if we have done the scheduling, it should automatically run at regular intervals. But, uh, I can hit the start button from here, uh, manually. Now, if you see there is a full refresh all option. So if you click that, then the entire pipeline will do a full refresh. Full refresh means it will go back and start reading, uh, raw data from the landing zone, uh, and do everything from the scratch, all the data, uh, it will again start consuming once again, but we don't want full refresh default. If you hit the start button, it will do an incremental refresh. So let's hit the start button. And uh, it will automatically, uh, start at this time. I don't have to wait for the cluster because my cluster is still running, uh, that I created earlier. So now it is going to refresh. It should be done, uh, much quicker. These two are refreshed now. These two are running, uh, rest. All is in queue. Uh, completed. Now. This should be running. So this is completed. Uh, if you look at this, these two are now refreshing. And finally, this is, uh, planning and then running. Uh, this will be refreshed. Done. So now, if you come and look at the details, uh, data quality 100% here. Uh, but if you look at the invoice, cleansed, uh, data quality 100%, uh, this time we didn't drop anything, right? Uh, customer cleansed, uh, 100%. This time there was no drop. Right? And, uh, yeah, look at the flow. The flow is incremental, and this one is complete. So this one is a metalized view. So it will be refreshed every time. Maybe you can come back to your notebook and look for, uh, results once again uh, in this. And now we have 15 rows earlier we had uh. Uh, 13 rows. So it looks like some new aggregates are calculated, and maybe the old ones might have been updated. Also, we implemented SCD type two for the customers table. Right. So um, let's look at this particular customer ID in the customers dimension table. Uh how am DLT has implemented the SCD type two. So I have prepared update in my data for this. So here it is. So let me scroll up a little. So what is the customer. Customer ID is same 15311. Define and define Travolta. So and we have start and end right. And we also have a load time. So uh this record is started on 13th January 2024 and maybe at 913 and ended at 926. So. Then we got one update. Uh, maybe the name was updated. Uh, from defined to define Travolta. So we got an update, and that update becomes the new active record for this customer. Right. And this starts from nine 2621. It's the exact time when this guy becomes inactive, right? So it starts from here and end date is null. It means it is currently active record. So pretty good right. So it implements a CD type to automatically, uh, all the complexity is taken care of. And that's all about, uh, DLT pipeline. Hope you learned, um, how to build DLT pipeline, do things quickly using Databricks DLT. One last thing. If you are following along, you are trying this. What, uh, I've been doing here. Uh, and you, once you are done, uh, don't forget to delete your DLT cluster. So go to your compute menu like this. And the jobs, uh, job compute. You will see your DLT cluster, which is running. So usually this, uh, you might forget to delete that or clean up that which will cost you unnecessary money. So come to this and maybe in the more, uh, you have the delete option. So delete the DLT cluster and also keep on deleting your, uh, all purpose clusters, whatever you are creating for your learning exercises. Once you are done, don't leave it running for a long, which might incur unnecessary cost. And that's all for this lecture. See you again in the next lecture. And keep learning. Keep.