Welcome back. In the earlier lectures, we already learned to develop DLT code using spark SQL syntax. And then we also learn how to create a pipeline out of that code and execute it. Uh, in this lecture we will learn how to develop same scenario using Python syntax. DLT is available in SQL and it is also available in Python. It is up to you which syntax you feel more comfortable with and which, uh, language or tool you are using to develop your DLT pipeline. So in this lecture we will try to learn how to work with DLT pipeline in Python and try to recreate the same scenario using Python syntax. So let's start. As usual, I'll go to my workspace and I've set up one notebook for you. Basically, it's an empty notebook and we will be typing code here. And along the way we will be learning how to create DLT pipeline code, uh, in Python. So let's start. DLT in Python is available in a package called DLT. So before we start writing DLT code, let's import, uh, DLT. And you might be using different kind of data frame functions. So it's always advisable to also import the data frame functions. So with these two things, we are now ready to start writing our DLT. Uh, pipeline code. So just a recall from the earlier scenario, what we did in the earlier scenario. Let's quickly go back to my, um, slides where we defined the scenario and try to understand what was the first step for, uh, us to do in that scenario. So this is the scenario that we are trying to build using DLT. In the first step, we are assuming that data is coming in the landing zone, data is being ingested there. And first step is to build our bronze layer. And in bronze layer we want to create customers raw table and invoices. Raw table customers raw table should ingest data from the landing zone about customer information and invoices. Raw table should ingest data from the landing zone, uh, for invoices. And for both of these we want to use auto loader because landing zone is a cloud directory. And we know auto loader is very efficient loading data from the cloud directory. So let's finish the first step. And then uh we will look at the rest of the things. So DLT in Python is available through DLT annotations and functions. We basically write, uh, Python functions and then uh, annotate those functions with DLT annotations. So the first step, what we want to do, we want to create a customer's raw table and then ingest data into the customer's raw table. Right. For each step of DLT we have two parts to define. First create the table. Second part is ingest the data or load the data into the table. So let's do the first part. First part can be done using um annotation DLT dot. Table. And this annotation takes some parameters. So the first parameter that we want to give is equal to name. And customers wrong. So that is kind of all. We define, uh, a DLT table annotation and gave the name customers raw. And this is enough for DLT to know that we want to create a customer's raw table, um, using DLT and whether the table is a streaming table or a materialized view table that is determined by the way we want to load data into the table. So if we are loading data from a streaming source, the table is streaming table or incremental table. And if we are loading data from a static source, uh, the table is a materialized view. So let's try to understand how we do that. Uh data loading part, table creation part is done. And data loading part, uh, can be done using a function. So we define a function. Uh, it's a plain Python function, and let's call it get. I'll copy this same name. Uh, get customers raw. Our function doesn't take any parameter, and the function should return a data frame. Right? Uh, and then DLT will use that data frame to fill the data into this table that we created. So, uh, DLT function, uh, must return a data frame. So we will return a data frame. Uh, maybe define the data frame code in this pair of parentheses. And we want to read data from the landing zone as a stream. Right. So how do you create a streaming data frame? Uh, you can use spark structured streaming. Right. So simple spark dot read stream. So that's how we read, uh, data from the streaming data source. And what is the format? Our format is we want to use autoloader. So for that format should be cloud files. That's all. Uh, we configured read stream to read data using the cloud files and then usual cloud files, uh, configurations you can provide and, uh, file format type, uh, configurations you can provide. So let me copy paste a few things here because we already know how to, uh, use auto loader in read stream. So nothing is new. It's usual code. So let me copy paste things here. So I have two more options here. Uh, the first option is cloud files format. My data is coming as CSV file. So I specify that data is coming as CSV. And I also want cloud files or auto loader to infer column types. So I'm setting that infer column types to true. And what else. Simple load data. Uh load and then provide the um cloud files directory location from where data should be consumed. So let me paste that location. This is the same location that we created in the earlier lecture, and we are using, uh, for the earlier demo. So I'm reusing that same data file setup, external location and volumes. So my data is coming in the customers directory in the landing zone in my dev demo landing zone volume. So I want auto loader to read it from there. So that's done. Uh, it should be enough. But uh, as you know, uh, in the earlier lecture, we also added one load time. Um. Column. So this will read data and you will have only those columns that are coming in the data file. But we want extra column. So you can simply use with column transformation here to add one extra column. Uh what is the column name. Um, we used load time in the earlier lectures, so let's keep it load time. And load time can come from the current time stamp. So. Current time. A stamp function. And that's all we are done. Uh, loading data into the customer's raw. Super simple. In SQL syntax. Also, we define two things create the table and then load data into the table. So here also uh we define this delta notation which will make sure that it is creating the table. And then we define a function right after the annotation. The function name is get customer raw. And this function returns a data frame. So DLT will use this data frame to fill data into this table. That is all. So we are done with the first uh uh table. Similarly the second table is invoices raw. So maybe you can copy it and uh reuse that same code with some modifications. So because idea is same. So let's change the name of the table. Invoices, raw and maybe function name. Uh, should I change the function name or read a stream from cloud files? Uh, format is CSV. We keep that same. And instead of customers, uh, we need to read data from the invoices directory in the landing zone. And we also need load time here. So that is enough. So that's all we finished creating bronze layer tables and loading data into our bronze layer tables using Python syntax of the DLT pipeline. So what is the next step? Let's go back to my, um, PowerPoint slide and see what is the next step. So next step is to create our, uh, cleaned tables. So customers cleaned and invoices cleaned. And these two tables, uh, we want to implement some data quality expectations. So things are almost same like customers are. But here we also want to implement some data quality expectations. So let's go back to our uh uh notebook and start creating those, uh, two files. Customers cleaned and invoices cleaned. So as usual, uh, we want to create customers cleaned. So table that's the first part. So that can be done using at DLT table annotation. And let's say name should be. Customers. Clean table. Right. And that's all about the definition of the table. The next step is to define some constraints on this table. Right. So we want to define some constraint. And uh that can be defined using another set of annotations. So that annotation is at. DLT Dot. Expect. So we can use this annotation. But, uh, what is the action if my, um, expectation is not fulfilled, what action do I want to take? So based on the required action, we have multiple annotations defined here. So this annotation is expect or drop. So we have an expected drop annotation which basically means if validation is not passed drop those rows. Don't ingest those rows. And it's a function. So we can define the parameters. The first parameter is the validation name. So we can we can set some validation name here. So what is the validation name. Let's say valid. Customers. And then second parameter as usual is the condition validation condition. So validation condition is customer ID is not null. The same validation we implemented using the SQL syntax. So I have just given the same validation here. Customer ID is not null. So that part is done. Table is defined table uh constraint or expectation data quality expectation is defined. What is next. How to load data into this table. Right. So that can be done using uh function. So next thing is to uh define the function. Let's call it get customers cleaned. Right. So every function should return a data frame. So let's say return. And we define a pair of parentheses. And all we have to do is to write a data frame code here to return, and that return data frame will be used to fill the customer's claim. So how do we want to, uh, fill that customer's clean data? Uh, we want to use spark dot read stream again. Uh, we want to read it as a stream and, uh, format. What is the format here this time we don't want to use cloud files because my source is not, uh, in the cloud directory for customers. Clean source is customers raw. Right. So we, uh, this is and that is, uh, delta table. So format is delta, right. And what else we can simply use dot. Our table and read data from the table and table is live dot customers raw? Right. The table is available in a virtual or temporary live schema for this DLT pipeline. And table name is uh customers raw. So we want to read it from the customers raw. And since we are using read Stream. So uh, this statement is going to read only the incremental data from the customers raw. It won't read the entire data. And that's what we do in the SQL syntax by putting a stream function around our, uh, source, uh, table. So that is done. What else? So maybe after reading, um, we wanted to rename columns and standardize the column names so you can even use your, um. Transformations like, uh. Use select expr and give your select expression here inside this. So I'll simply copy paste. It's a simple thing. So let's. Copy paste this. And what I'm doing select customer ID as customer underscore ID. So I'm renaming the column customer name as customer underscore name and load time. We are reading only three far fields. And that's all that's all about customer cleaned. Uh it's super simple uh approach. We already learned the approach using the SQL. We are just learning how to do the same thing using Python syntax. If you feel more comfortable with the Python. So that's that's done. Uh, what is next? The next step is to create the similar uh invoices clean table. So idea is same. Uh, let me uh, first step is to create the table. Right. So we can give DLT dot table and name equal to. Invoices. Cleaned, but we wanted invoices cleaned to be a partitioned table. Right. Because invoices is a fact data. It's a transactional data. And we are expecting huge volumes to come into the invoices, uh, table. So what I want to do, make sure that invoices cleaned is partitioned. Uh, actually raw table should also be partitioned because the same amount of data is going to come into the invoices raw table. But that's okay. We can do that. I didn't do this for this example. So how do we, uh, tell the partition columns, uh, for this table. So DLT table uh, DLT dot table is the function which will create the table. And at the time of creation of the table itself, we have to specify all the table parameters. So name I have told that was enough. But now we want to make sure that this is partitioned. So I have to tell the partition column. So how to do that. Let me simple I'll copy paste a few things here. Here it is. So, uh, it takes a partition calls parameter. And that parameter is an, uh, list of columns. So I'll give the list of columns for partition. This invoice here becomes the first partition column and country becomes the second partition column. So we defined the table. Our table is partitioned. What is next. Next step is to define some data quality expectation because this is your clean table right. So we already learned how to define uh data quality expectation. So I'm not going to type it again here I'll simply copy paste it from an existing notebook. So here it is. Uh, DLT, expect or drop. Uh, validation name is valid. Invoices and quantity and condition is invoice number is not null and quantity is greater than zero. So that's, uh, first part is done. We define the table. We define the data quality expectations. Now what we need to create a function which will return a data frame to fill data into this table. So uh, we also learned that uh, earlier. So in, in this example uh, similar kind of thing we are going to do here, I'll, uh, quickly paste the code and then explain. So here is my get invoices cleaned function, uh, which will return a data frame is streaming data frame because this clean table also we want to build using incremental data only read only incremental data. So we are using read uh stream. I want to read uh, data from invoices raw, which is a table. It's a live table. So we use the format as delta. And then I have the select expression here, uh because we want to add some derived columns. So invoice number as invoice underscore number. All these are same uh we have invoice date which comes as a string. So I want to convert it into two date uh, as a proper date in this format. And the column name is invoice date. Similarly, I want to, um, calculate invoice year as derived column and invoice month as derived column. So for that, uh, I'm using invoice date uh to date function to convert it into a date and then take the year. And similarly here we take the month and record it as inverse month and load time as usual that uh, we have. So that's all uh, we are done with the invoices clean table also. Super simple, isn't it? Now what is the next step? So let's go back to my, uh, PowerPoint slide and see what is the next step. So we are done up to here right. The next step is to build the final tables for my silver layer. So customers is my customer dimension table. And I want to implement SGD type two in this customers dimension table. Similarly invoices is my fact table. And I want to implement merge a plain merge into this invoices table so that, uh, if uh update is coming, it is uh, updating the same record instead of creating duplicates. So these two things we want to do, let's go back to our notebook and learn how to do that. So I am now back here. Uh, in this cell, we want to build your SCD type two dimension using CDC from silver layer. So what do we need to do? Uh, the syntax changes here. Even in SQL we learn the syntax changes here. Uh, if we want to implement, uh, merge statement, uh, the syntax will change in SQL we create table and then we use apply changes. Right. Uh in Python also we will have to create table and use similar something similar to apply changes. So for creating table uh we can use uh DLT function. So let me type in here. So we have a DLT. Uh function and function name is create streaming table. So create. A streaming. Table. Uh, it's not an annotation. It's a function. Uh, available in DLT package create streaming table. And we can give the table name here. And table name is simple customers. Right? Uh, and that will create my streaming table. Uh, this DLP function will create a streaming table. And this is different than, uh, the earlier syntax. Earlier we use annotations which will create table. Then we can define um constraints using another annotation. And this annotation at DLT table expects a function here. Right. Maybe down the line below the annotation you must have a function. Otherwise this annotation will, uh, get confused. Okay, I created the table and how to fill the data. So when you have a scenario where, uh, you want to create a table and then load data into the table using a data frame API, like read stream or simple spark dot read. Uh, you will use this syntax. But whenever it comes to, uh, implement a merge statement, uh, or what we learned apply changes, uh, we can use create streaming table which will create the table and leave it there. And then we define how to fill this. So for that we have another function. The function name is DLT dot apply. Changes, so apply changes is done with the help of functions, not with the help of annotations. So create a streaming and apply changes. We use these two and apply changes. Function takes uh all the details that apply changes SQL expression requires. Right? So what all do we need to specify for implementing a apply changes or merge statement. Right. We need to tell what is the target. Right. So uh target that's the parameter. And target is the same table this we just created. Right. Uh, customers uh we defined target. And then next parameter is like, uh, what is the source? Source. So we tell what is the source and what is the source for the customers? Customers cleaned. Right. Um. Customers cleaned. So we want to fill the customer's table or merge into customer's table from the customer's cleaned. And for merging, we also need to specify keys the matching keys. So next parameter is keys. And this key is we can have multiple keys or single key. So it goes into a list. So we have a single key in this scenario. What is the key. Uh maybe. Customer ID, right? So we specify the keys a single key which is customer ID. Don't forget to give commas because these are function parameters. Right. So we defined a source target and keys. Uh what is next. We know merge requires uh sequencing right a column. Uh, which it can use to sequence the records if there are multiple updates for the, uh, same ID. So next parameter is sequence by. Sequence by. And we need to specify a column which can be used for sequencing. So that column I think we uh wanted to use load time for sequencing. Uh, that's the same column we used uh, earlier. Uh, but one little tricky thing here. You have to wrap this into the call function, uh, because, uh, this apply changes function. Expect this to be a column, uh, type, not a string. So we wrap it, uh, into column. What is next? We are done for a plain merge statement. We are done. But, uh, we wanted to implement SCD type two write for this, uh, customers table. So the next parameter is SCD type. So let me type it that. Is stored as a CD. Dave and we want to use SCD type two. If you want a CD type one, you can say SCD type one. If you want a CD type two, you can say a CD type equal to two. If you don't want to implement a CD type and just do a simple merge statement where the same record is updated, you don't set these values. So that's all we are done with the, uh, customers dimension. That's all we have to do. What is next? The next step is to implement, uh, same merge into invoices fact table. Uh, the idea is same. Now, whatever we learned here, uh, we will be using same approach for defining, uh, code for creating the invoices fact table. The only difference will be that we will not use the SCD type two. We will use a plain merge statement there. So let me copy paste the code here and then I'll explain it because it is similar that we already learned. So. That is all. So DLT dot create streaming table and table name is invoices. And we want this uh to be partitioned. So I'm telling partition calls invoice here and country. And then we want to implement a simple plane merge statement. So apply changes. Target is invoices. Source is invoices cleaned. And we have a composite key here. Invoice number is stock code. And invoice date together identifies a unique record. And then uh sequence by is load time. Since we do not have a created timestamp in my source data. So I'm managing it with the load time. So that's all, uh, about the uh, silver layer invoices fact. So we built our invoices fact and customers dimension using SCD type two. Uh, what is the next. So let's go back to my slide and see what do we have in the last step. So we are done up to here. Everything up to here was incremental. So we kept on using spark dot read stream. Uh, but this guy is a full refresh. We want this to be a materialized view which is materialized using full data. In each run of the DLT pipeline. So how to do that? Let's go back and do that also. So idea is same. This is also a table. Uh, we have to create a table and then. Give the logic how to fill data into that table. So earlier when we were creating tables like we used adult table name equal to this. So same syntax. There is no change here. Uh we will be using. Add the alt table and name should be. Let me copy paste. It's a little long name. That is all. So whether you want to create a streaming table or you want to create a materialized view, the syntax for creating the table is same. We use at DLT dot table. Give the table name. If there are other parameters like partition you specify that and that's all. Um DLT will get ready to create this table. And then we define the function how to load data into this table. So function is like def and let's call it compute underscore daily sales UK 2022. Right. So that's the function I'm going to create. And in that function uh we should return a data frame so that DLT can fill the function, fill the table with the uh data. And for creating the data frame we can use spark dot read stream. Or we can use spark dot read. If we use spark dot read, that means DLT knows that I am not going to read the source as a stream, so I'm not going to read the source as a incremental source, only incremental data. Uh, we are not going to read. So spark dot read determines whether, uh, we want to create a streaming table or we want to create a materialized view. So we are going to create a metalized view there. So I'm that's why I'm using a spark dot read. So spark dot read will go and read the entire source every time. So every time we want to refresh this uh metalized view, it will go read all the data that belongs to, uh, this table from the source and recompute the aggregates. So uh, spark dot read. And what is the format? Format is delta because my source is a table. Right. And then. Table. And what is my table? Uh, table? For this, we only need to read the invoices table. Right? So that's my invoices table. So invoices table? I can use live dot invoices. So that's my source. And then, um, you can implement all the transformation logic basically, uh, how you want to calculate the aggregate. So maybe if you want to apply some filters then group by then aggregate all those data frame transformations. You can use it here because it is nothing but a data frame code. Right. So maybe for our case we want to apply some filter condition. So let me paste the filter condition here. So we want to filter the records only for 2022 and country United Kingdom. So that's my, uh, filter condition. And then maybe we want to do group by because we are going to calculate aggregate. So group by we want to do with two three columns. Let me paste those column names. That's all. And then finally we calculate the aggregate. So for that I have to use the agg function. And let me paste the code for aggregation. So we want to calculate sum of quantity into unit price. Round it to two digit. And then we wrap this because this is an expression. So I wrap it in the expr function. Whatever the result is I want to give an alias like total sales. So that's that's all for uh your final table. So we are done creating our DLT pipeline code. Uh, what is next? We can, uh, create a DLT pipeline once again, similar to what we did in the SQL, and try running it and see if things are, uh, working, or did I make any mistake, uh, in this code. So let's quickly do that. It's not going to take more than ten minutes. So I'll go to my, uh, compute menu, maybe create a compute cluster. We know for querying the DLT output tables, I need a multi-node cluster which should be running in shared mode. And then, uh, give other configurations like this and create a single worker. So I have a small multi-node cluster hit the create compute. And once this cluster is, uh, ready, we can use it to, uh. Set up our data right. We need to prepare our landing zone directory in just some data files there so that I can run my DLT pipeline, uh, starting from the landing zone and, uh, test it. So I'll use this cluster for, uh, uh, setup, but we can go ahead. While this cluster is starting, we can go ahead and create our DLT pipeline. So let me go to workflow, or you can come directly from here. Delta live tables. It will directly take you to Workflow's page in the Delta Live table, and let's create a new pipeline. You already learned how to create a pipeline, so, uh, I'll give a name to my pipeline. Um. Invoices dealt. Pipeline you want to use advance and pipeline mode should be trigger. Uh, let me choose the path. Where is my code? So I'll go to my home directory, uh, chapter nine and create DLT pipeline. This is the Python code notebook. I'll select that. And where do we want DLT to create the target tables. So I want it to create in the unity catalog so that we can define appropriate privileges on those tables for other users. So we'll go to dev catalog. And in the demo DB database I want to do all that. And uh we want to use fixed size cluster. Uh five nodes is too much. I can manage with one single worker. Uh, that's all. And we want to use the preview channel because unity catalog feature of, uh, this DLT pipeline is still in preview. So that's all we are done. Uh, the cost for running this job is two DB per hour. So let's hit the create button and we'll get the DLT pipeline created. So my pipeline is done. Uh, all I have to do is to hit the start button so it starts, uh, running. But before that, uh, I'll have to do some setup so that I get clean data for this. So let me go to my setup notebook. Uh, we did that exercise in the earlier lecture, uh, setup objects and data set for DLT. And I want to, uh, do some clean up, create. Catalog database, set up the external data or external location and then create an external volume, uh, which I will use for my landing zone. So let me connect my cluster. Hope my cluster is running. It's still starting, so I'll pause the video and come back when this is ready. So my cluster is now up, let's do the cleanup. And then we do some, uh, basic setup. And once setup is done, I create customers directory, then invoices, landing zone directory. Uh, copy some data file for customers, uh, copy a couple of, uh, invoices, data file into the landing zone. And once this is done, we are ready to trigger our DLT pipeline. So all of that is done. Let's go back to our Dldt pipeline and trigger the pipeline. And, uh, we know it will launch a Dldt cluster. A job cluster. And then, uh, run the pipeline. Starting a job cluster takes five, seven minutes. So I'll pause it again and come back when the job cluster is launched and pipeline is progressing. So my pipeline is now initializing. Uh, the job cluster is, uh, hopefully ready. So it's initializing, and it should finish it in a minute. Good. So we can see the graph now and it is running. Maybe you can make some space here and monitor it. So all done. Uh, all the pipeline, uh, tables are refreshed. Uh, if you look at the this guy and look at the data quality, um, we don't have any drops here. Everything comes is smooth. But in invoices, uh, we have, uh, some drops. I purposefully created some invalid data into my in in input data set, uh, so that I can show you that, uh, some records are failed, uh, and you can see the data quality. And if you look at the flows, this is incremental. This is change. And this one is complete. Right? This guy is complete. You can even go to catalog and look things from the catalog. In the catalog you will see in the dev catalog demo DB uh you have tables. So all those tables are visible in the catalog. Also if you want to look at this table, uh, you will see the details here. So you can see the detail. It is a materialized view a lot of properties automatically set by the, uh, DLT. Uh, maybe look at the fact table. Uh, look at the details. This is an streaming table, and other things are, uh, set by the, uh, DLT. Uh, come to permissions, and there is no grant on this table. Maybe you want to grant access to these tables, to some people in your team or some user group. You can grant it from here, or you can even. Right. Uh, grant statement in SQL. So that's all. Uh, maybe if you want to, uh. Test the second iteration. Maybe do some more ingestion. Uh, let me do some more ingestion. I'll ingest some new customer and customer updates and invoices. All that done, you can come and, uh, trigger the next iteration of your DLT pipeline. If it is scheduled, it will automatically run at the scheduled time and pick up the new data and refresh the entire pipeline, all the tables in the pipeline. But you can do it manually. I'm triggering it manually, so it will pick up the new data and refresh the entire pipeline once again. And this time it will read only incremental data for incremental tables and, uh metalized views or complete tables will always read the complete data and refresh them. Uh, again. So the second refresh is complete. Uh, maybe if you want, you can come here and query the table. The final result table. You will see some, uh, latest records updated there. And let's do. Yeah. So we have 16 records updated here. Uh, if you want to look at your, uh, CD type two dimension, which is customers dimension, look at this particular customer ID for which I have sent an update. So it is well maintained following a standard, uh, start and end times of a CD type two. So that's all about this lecture. One last thing. If you are following along and doing your hands on, uh, don't forget to, uh, delete your cluster. So I created two clusters for this demo. This is my all purpose cluster. Uh, I just want to delete that so I don't have to pay unnecessary cost while I'm done. I have anyway configured this cluster to die automatically or terminate automatically after 30 minutes. Uh, but it is always good to delete it manually. Once you are done with your hands on activity, come to job compute. We couldn't define the termination duration for this, uh, DLT cluster or the job cluster because there was no option in the UI. We could have done it through the Json, but, uh, if you, uh, click this and come down, you will see the current configuration terminate after is zero. So I don't know when this cluster will automatically terminate. So do not forget to delete your um. DLT job clusters after doing your hands on. Um, so come to the cluster and hit this delete button. Uh, make sure you are deleting your. Uh, DLT cluster after the demo or after your learning exercise. That's all for this lecture. I'll see you again. Keep learning and keep growing.