Welcome Back! In this video, we will create an Azure Databricks service and launch a Databricks workspace. So, let's start. Let me go to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are. You might see Azure Databricks in the services list on your home page. However, you can search for it in the search bar if you don't see it here. Let me search for it. Great! So here we are on the Azure Databricks services home. If you already have a Databricks service created earlier, you will see it here. But if you haven't created anything yet. You will see nothing is there. Let's create a new Databricks service. Click this create button, and Azure will present you with the service creation wizard. Great! Like any other Azure service, we must select a subscription. I hope you already understand a little bit about Azure and its terminologies. Azure subscription is a container where you can group your Azure services. All your Azure services grouped in the same subscription are billed in a single bill. So, in simple terms, you can think of your subscription as your Azure billing container. I am using a paid subscription. But you will see the free trial here if you have a free trial subscription. Your free subscription is good enough for learning Azure Databricks. The next one is to specify a resource group. An Azure resource group is another container to group your resources such as storage, virtual networks, databases, etc. Azure resource group is excellent because it allows you to manage all your resources together. What does it mean? In super simple terms, I will delete all my resources in the same group by deleting the resource group. And that feature helps clean your resources when you finish your projects. Great! So, I do not have any resource group yet because we haven't created any projects and resources earlier. So, let me create a new resource group for this project, naming it sbit-rg. The subscription and resource group are Azure containers. Subscription are billed in a single bill, so in a simple term you can think of your subscription as your azure billing container. Now, we come to the Databricks container called Databricks workspace. Let me give it a name. But what is a Databricks workspace? Simple! Workspace is a Databricks environment for grouping and working with your Databricks assets. We will come back to this and show it to you to get a better sense of the Databricks workspace. Then, we select an Azure region where you want to deploy your Databricks service. You can choose a region which is closer to you. However, let me go for the US East region. That's too far for me sitting in India, but the US East is a cheaper region. The last thing on this page is choosing the Databricks pricing tier. Databricks offers you two pricing tier options. Standard and Premium You also have a 14-day trial, but that's not meaningful. We will need a premium tier to have access to the Unity Catalog. The Unity catalog is not available in the standard tier. So, let me choose the premium pricing tier and click the Next button. Good. So now we are on the networking page. We have two options here. The first one says not to give public IPs to your Databricks cluster. You can mark it as yes. However, let me set it to No. We don't care much about securing our clusters at this stage. The second option is to deploy your Databricks within your virtual network. They will ask you to specify your virtual network and other details if you choose yes. That's another network security feature, we don't care much about it for this project. So let me set this to no. Move to the next page. You can specify encryption here, but let me ignore this also for now and move on to the next page. You can specify tags for your Databricks service, but that's also irrelevant to our exercises. So let's jump to the review and create page. You can review all the options selected and hit the Create button. That's all. Azure will create a Databricks service for you in less than five minutes. The deployment is in progress, so I will wait for five minutes and return when complete. Great! So, your deployment is now complete. Let's go to the resource. Here we are. This is not your workspace. This page is your Azure Databricks Workspace Management page. You can launch your workspace from here and manage access control for your workspace from here. We will keep returning to this page and launch our workspace from here. Alternatively, you can copy the workspace URL and directly open it in the browser to access your workspace. Great! We will be returning again and again on this page to launch our workspace. For now, let me launch my workspace and get in there. We are going into the Databricks workspace, created in a separate domain. However, you do not need to log in again, and Azure single sign-on will automatically log you to the workspace. Great! Here we are. This is how your Azure Databricks workspace looks like. All your Spark development, testing, and deployment are done from here. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and Keep Growing.