Here I am in AWS systems manager, and on the left-hand side I'm going to click on Fleet Manager. Now as we can see, we can configure right here the default host management to enable the feature I just told you about. So it's just one setting to enable. And then there is an IAM role that will be created, that will be passed on to your EC2 instances once they are started. But again, we won't see this as different from the EC2 instance role. So we are going to create this role using the recommended setting. And then I'm going to click on configure. So now as you can see, we have enabled the default host management configuration and now we need to just practice using it. So see if that works. So to see if that works, you're going to go into the EC2 console and we're going to go under instances and launch an instance. So here I name it demo instance, I will choose Amazon Linux and Amazon Linux 2023. Now it turns out that this is good. I will proceed without a key pair. I'm in 64 bit architecture, very important to remember this. I scroll down, we create a security group, and under advanced details you're going to find the metadata. And yes, the metadata is enabled and it's V2 only. Now this is something that's enabled by default for Amazon Linux 2023 but I just wanted to show you this right now. So I'm going to launch my instance and it's going to be created. I click on here to find it, and I wanna show you the fact that on this instance, under security, there is no IAM role that has been defined. Now, for this feature to work, the default host management, you need to have a SSM agent version greater than 3.2. something. So I will show you this. So if I use this feature and have a look at here, it says that the SSM agent version must be this one. So we need to make sure that we update the SSM agent to match this version. So for this, I'm going to Google again install SSM agent Linux, and then we go for a manually installing SSM agent on EC2 instances for Linux. I suspect that you choose Linux 2 and 23. I suspect that this command is going to go away when this newer version of the SSM agent comes bundled with my instance, with Amazon Linux 2023. As you can see right now, there is no managed nodes right now. So I'm going to go and connect to my instance to just upgrade the SSM agents. Okay, perfect. So I'm going to go and type this command right here to install the latest version. So first of all, we can have a look at whether or not the agent is running. So we do this and yes, the agent is running, so that's good. We're going to quit this and I can actually stop the Amazon SSM agents before upgrading it. And next we're going to install it. So we use this command right here, because we're on X86_64. So you copy the command and paste it and press enter. So this is going to install the latest version of the SSM agents onto our EC2 instance. So as you can see, the version now is 3.2.923, which is greater than this version that was needed. And next, we can verify the status of the SSM agents by the fact that yes, indeed it is running. So that's perfect. My agent is running and it's running the latest version. And so back into systems manager, if I refresh this, as you can see now, my demo instance is now running and it's under fleet manager. And we can see that the fact that there is an SSM agent version displayed right here. And it turns out that this EC2 instance, again, just to show you if I go under here and click, as you can see, there is no IAM role attached to it. So this is a newer feature, a way for you to really enable, automatically, some instances to be managed by systems manager very easily. And so that's perfect. So now we are just going to disable it. We're going to configure this and disable it. This way it's fully disabled. And under instances, I'm going to terminate this instance. And that's it for this hands-on. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.