So we are nearing the end of this course. And now let's have a look at the exam page, the exam guide, and the practice questions before we go into reviewing them in the future lectures. So here I am on the exam page for the AWS Solutions Architect Professional. And I can scroll down and have a look at both the exam guide and the sample questions. So for the sample questions, I encourage you to actually go through them in your own time, but do not go to the end to review whether or not you're right or wrong because I have 10 lectures to review the 10 questions in this paper to really show you the thought process behind answering them. Now, regarding the exam guide, it's a long document, 15 pages, so you will have time to go through it on your own, okay? The most important things is that you will have 75 questions and the minimum passing score is 750. You will have four categories, four domains at the exam, and then for each domain, you can read what is required of you. Now the exam scope is very broad, it covers mostly all the services of AWS and it really tests you on understanding the subtlety differences between different solution architectures. So think of a much harder Solutions Architect Associate because this is of course professional. So if you scroll down and look at the actual appendix then you can have a look at all the in-scope AWS services and features. And as you can see, well, a lot of them are going to be in-scope, and so I did my best in this course to cover everything I know that was at the exam. Now, if you get a question or a topic that wasn't covered in this course, please reach out to me so I can help future students by teaching that specific topic. If you see something in this list that I don't teach in this course, do not worry, the list is actually very, very exhaustive, but it doesn't mean that all these things are going to be at the exam, okay? If only I get feedback from students that it was at the exam, then I will include it in my course. So that's it, have fun reviewing this, and good luck for your preparation, and I will see you in the next lectures to review the sample exam questions.