Okay. So question to a company has multiple accounts and the company has integrated its on premises Active Directory ADI with Atlas so so single site on to grant 80 users leased privilege abilities to manage infrastructure across all the accounts. So there is a classic use case of S-so a solutions architect must integrate a third party monitoring solution that requires read only access across all device accounts. The monitoring solution will run in its own analyst accounts. How can it be given the required permissions? Okay, so here we have a separate account with a monitoring solution that needs read access into all the accounts. But this is special because we have an ad integrated with SSL for this. So let's have a look at the architecture on premise premises. EDI is integrated with, so SSL manages multiple accounts and then we have a separate ILS account from a third party monitoring solution that we don't have control over right now. And it looks like this account wants to access the other alias accounts with read only permissions. So let's look a look at the options. So we create a user in alias so directory and assign a read only permission sets, assign all alias accounts to be monitored to the new user and provide the third party monitoring solution with the username and password. So we have the same architecture as before. But now in so we are going to create a new user and this user is going to be used by a cloud. The new accounts, the third party monitoring solution to access all my other accounts. And to be fair, this would work. But there is one problem with the solution with so you can only have one identity source. And in this example we are already integrating our on premise Active Directory with us. So and as such we cannot create users directly within so and so here. This is what happens in the console. As you can see when you go into the CSO configuration, you need to choose where your identities are sourced and it can be either. So in which case we can create users and groups within so directly, or we can integrate with Active Directory or we can integrate with an external identity provider. But in no case, in no situation right now can you use so with the On-premise ID and its own internal database for user managements. So this is where I want to draw your attention. This is why it's super important for me to review this with you. In the sample PDF that you download from the website, it says that the option A is incorrect because credentials supplied by SSL are temporary, so the application will lose permissions and have to re log in. And that is just wrong. And I wish I didn't have to say this. I wish there were more due diligence on these answers. But this is wrong. Okay. Users created an sstl have a password. It doesn't change and it must respect a password policy that you've defined in advance and you can go ahead and try it on your own. You'll see it's very easy and you can use this username and password as many times as you want so you don't have to rely again. Okay, you won't lose permissions. So in this example, as I said, option A is wrong because you cannot have both users defined in so and in Active Directory at the same time. So only allows for one identity source would be so ID or IDP. And these questions are new. They just came out. So I'm recording videos on them. So it's very possible that Alias in the future will correct their explanation on the question. But right now I believe you have the correct explanation which is mine and not the one provided by the sample pdf. So option b create an IAM role in the organization's master accounts. Allow the account or the third party monitoring solution to assume the role. So we have the same architectures before, but now we have a role and that role is being assumed by our third party monitoring solution. So what does it give us? Well, it gives us our third party monitoring solution, a way to read into our master accounts. But in an organization, whatever the master account can do does not guarantee its access to the other address accounts. So in this case, yes, we have access to monitor one account, the master accounts, but we are not monitoring the other accounts. So this is just wrong. It would be very possible if we had a role in the other accounts as well, but we don't. So right now this is an incomplete answer. Next, invite the accounts of the third party monitoring solution to join the organization and enable all features. So we have an organization now and we need to enable all features. So what this gives us is service control policies. It gives us a way, for example, to have consolidated billing, all these kind of things, but it does not give us read only access into all the other accounts. So organization, remember, is a way for you to organize your. Helps with organizational units to apply service control policies, to consolidate billing, to share reserved instances for cost saving. But it does not give you read only access into all the other accounts. There is still very much independence. And so as such, this insert just does not work. So let's look at the options to see if it's correct. Creates an alias cloud formation template that defines a new I am role for the third party monitoring solution. With the accounts of the third party listed in the trust policy, create the email across all linked account by using a stack set. So this looks good. So we have our accounts and we're going to use cloud formation stack sets to deploy the same stack into all of the accounts. So what is the stack going to deploy? It's going to deploy a I am role and that will give us read only access within the account. And that role has a trust. And that trust allows the third party monitoring solution to assume the role thanks to the trust. So here we have managed to create a role into every single account that we wanted to monitor, and that role was deployed thanks to a cloud formation text, which shows the way to deploy a cloud formation stack across many accounts and many regions. Obviously the roles are not region specific, so we don't need to specify a region in this in this instance. But stack sets do allow you to also deploy across many regions and many accounts. So this is a great solution. This is the standard solution and recommended way in solution architecture to do these things. So this is the correct answer. And that's it for question two. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.