Let's go with question for a retail company runs a serverless mobile app built on Amazon API Gateway, Lambda Incognito Dynamo DB. During heavy Holiday's traffic spikes, the company receives complaints of intermittent system failures. Developers find that the API gateway and point is returning 502 Bad Gateway errors to seemingly valid requests. Which method should address this issue? So here we have a classic serverless application API gateway. Lambda could need to and then be as the classic recommended architecture by AWS. We're just missing three to deliver some static content. And here in this example, we have problems during a heavy holiday traffic spikes. So this is telling us that something is working normally. But now because of this heavy load, it's not. And this gives us intermittent system failure. So this is a very important information. So when we stress that serverless architecture, where can the errors come from? And we get a hint because the API gateway is the one returning the error and it's saying 502 bad gateway. So let's have a look at the architecture and we can see the 502 errors happen between the client and the API gateway. The rest is a classic solution. Architecture for serverless, something you have already seen once before, I'm pretty sure. Okay. So now the real trick is okay, what is this? 502 error for API gateway. Meaning? So in this course, I told you about the errors messages and you may have forgotten about those, but even if you did forget about those, you need to remember the basics. So the basics is what 4xx mean client errors. Okay, so that means that the client has done something wrong. So the client invoking the API gateway has done something wrong, which is not the case here because we have a5x. So 4xx type of errors is, for example, 400 bad requests. Then we have 403x is denied or WAF has filter it. So again, the client is not authorized to access our API 4 to 9. Very important quota exceeded or throttled again because the client has done too many requests. So for x x means client errors and 5xx means server errors. So just this information you'll see in this question is enough for us to understand how something can be going wrong and what could be going wrong. But if you do remember the error codes in details, you would know that 502 means that the Lambda Proxy integration, for example, has done out of order invocations or is under heavy load. So this is one indication of where you would get a502503 is service and available exception and 504 is integration failure. The endpoint request timed out because the API gateway request timeout after a 29 seconds maximum. And I would remember you to I would require you to remember at least 429502 and 504 for the API gateway before going into the exam. Okay. So now let's look at option eight. Increase the concurrency limits for lambda functions and configure notifications to be sent by the cloud. Watch you using the concurrent execution metric. Okay, so let's have a look at this architecture. So we have this, but now we are going to create a cloud alarm to look at the concurrent execution metric of lambda. So does that work? 502 indicates that something is going on in the back end and we know that it's going on in the back end only when we have an increased load. So we know that the problem is not at the API gateway level because it's not the backend. The back end is whatever is behind API gateway. So something's going on with Lambda or Dynamo. DB But in this example, Lambda, if it goes onto too many loads and has too many execution because of a traffic spike, then it would not be able to reply to the API gateway, something positive and we would get a502 So by increasing the concurrency limit right now today with the lambda functions, we would be fixing the problems we would have. And then by creating a cloud metric and a cloud edge alarm on top of our lambda functions, that would give us the option to monitor this limit. And if we do go over again in the future, we can again address it by increasing it manually. So this would work and this looks like a good answer. So I'll keep this in mind and I'll go on to the next question. The next option, sorry, is configure notifications alerts for the limits of transactions per second on the API gateway endpoints and create a learn the function that will increase this limits as needed. So we have this architecture and now we are looking at the API gateway metric called transaction per seconds and then we create the cloud watch alarm on top of it. And for this alarm to trigger a lambda function, it's not mentioned this question, but you do have to send it to an SMS topic. That SMS topic would send it to your lambda function and then your lambda function. We need to do an API call to the Service Quotas API, which is a new API from AWS, which allows you to programmatically change your limits with, for example, API calls done. From a lending function. Okay, so this is a great architecture. I really like it. And this is something I would totally recommend you to have if you're using API Gateway. But this will only be valid if there was a problem at the API gateway level, in which case this would be very, very valid. If our API gateway was throttling and it says you have to exceed the quota and we are throttling. So this is not the right answer for this question, but it is a very valid architecture. If your API gateway is the one giving you the 4 to 9 errors, quota exceeded throttled. So still a good architecture to see once in a while. Look up and see shard users to Amazon incognito pools to reduce user density across and then we chart it across multiple regions so we have the same architecture. But now Incognito is going to be across multiple regions and multiple pools. I'm not sure that's a very good architecture, to be honest, but why not? And this would be valid if we had issues with API calls done by user pools or user can not authenticate. And this is not the question. So this is a plan destructor. If we look at this architecture, it doesn't make any sense. So we just rule out this answer pretty easily and then finally use the DB strongly consistent reads to ensure the latest data is always returned to the client application. So we have this and now we're using consistent reads. So there is no problem about the client saying that they don't have the last the latest data in the question. So if we look closely, yes, Dynamo DB is in the back end, but we have no hint that the clients are getting outdated data. We have no hints that Dynamo DB is the source of our back end problems. So in this case it doesn't make any sense. And actually using strongly consistent reads means that we'll be using more RCU on Dynamo DB and therefore would be increasing the load on Dynamo DB, therefore maybe increasing the chances that we overload anybody with throttles. And so again, this is a very, very bad option and I'm going to roll that out. The correct answer was to monitor the lambda function for the concurrent execution limit and then create an alert based on that. All right. That's it. I will see you in the next lecture.