So, a company has two AWS accounts, one for production workloads and one for development workloads. Creating and managing these workloads are a development team and an operations team. The company needs a security strategy that meets the following requirements. Developers need to create and delete development application infrastructure. Operators need to create and delete both development and production application infrastructure. Developers should have no access to production infrastructure. And all users should have a single set of AWS credentials. What strategy meets these requirements? So, if you had a look at your own at this question and you look at the answers, you can see they're very long question and very long answers. So, in the exam, I really recommend you, for those very long questions and very long answers, to flag these, skip them, and do them at the end because they can take so much valuable time away from you. It's better to go ahead and do the other questions and come back to those at the end. The reason is the Certified Solution Architect professional exam is very, very long and very, very difficult. And you would rather spend some time on a simpler question and less lengthy question than this one. Still, we're going to address this question. So, here we have many requirements, and one of the important requirements is that developers should have no access to production infrastructure and the user should have a single set of credentials. So, let's go ahead and see how things can work. So, let's have a look. So, option A is in the dev account, create a dev IAM group with the ability to create and delete application infrastructure. So, this is great. Create an IAM user for each operator and developer and assign them to the development group. This works too. And in the production account, create an operations IAM group with the ability to create and delete application infrastructure. Okay. Create an IAM user for each operator and assign them to the ops group. So, here in option A, we are creating IAM users in both the dev account and the prod account. And that goes against the requirement that we should have only one set of a risk credentials. So, we have to rule out option A. Option B says in the dev account, create a dev IAM group with the ability to create and delete application infrastructure. Create an IAM user for each developer and assign them to the development group. Create an IAM user for each operator and assign them to development group and the operations in the production account. And in the prod account, create an IAM group with the ability to create and delete application infrastructure. So, this looks very wrong. Why? Because we cannot assign an IAM user from an account into a group of another account. It is impossible, okay? Groups and users are linked to a single account. So, here, we cannot create a user in the development account and assign it to a group in the production account. So we have to rule out that answer. Option C says in the dev account, create a shared IAM role with the ability to create and delete applications infrastructure in the production account. Create a dev IAM group with the ability to do so in the application infrastructure. Create an ops IAM group with the ability to assume the shared role. And create an IAM user for each developer and assign them to the development group. And then create an IAM user for each operator and assign them to the dev and operations group. So, here, the thing that very wrong about that answer is the first point, create a shared IAM role with the ability to create and delete application infrastructure in the production account. It is impossible for you to create a role that has a power over another account in AWS, okay? So, it's impossible to create a role that has access to the production account directly. We would need to assume another role into another account. So, option C is completely wrong because of that first bullet point. Now, option D. In the development account, create an IAM group with the ability to create and delete application infrastructure. Okay. Create an ops IAM group with the ability to assume the shared role in the production account. This looks great. There is assuming a role right now. Create an IAM user for each developer and assign them to the development group, okay? Create an IAM user for each operator and assign them to the development group and operations group. Okay, that works. Right? And then finally, in the production account, create a shared IAM role with the ability to create and delete application infrastructure. And add the development account to the trust policy for the shared role. So, this is a great answer. It says that there is a role to assume in the production account, we only have one set of IAM credentials, and the users are created and assigned to various groups based on the things they can do. So, this is great. This is the perfect answer. And here we really had to look for what was wrong in each of these long answers to understand if it was correct or not. So, as I said, for these long questions, make sure to do them at the end. And then look for something that looks wrong in these answers based on the requirements you have, and you should be good to go. But to be honest, this is a very difficult and lengthy question, and one I personally hated. Okay, so that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.