Question eight. A company operates an eCommerce application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an ELB Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple AZ. After an order is successfully processed, the application immediately posts orders data to an external third-party affiliate tracking system that pays sales commission for order referrals. During a highly successful marketing campaign, the number of EC2 instances increased from two to 20 and the application continued to work correctly, but the increased requests overwhelmed the third-party affiliate and resulted in failed requests. Which combination of architectural changes could ensure that the entire process functions correctly under load? Select two. So this is a very interesting question that I really like. So we have an ALB and an ASG that has 20 instances when we have a big load and then they all will send stuff to an external API. So from this diagram, it's pretty clear that now that we get 20 instances, they will request too many times onto the external API and that could overwhelm the target system. So the goal really is how do we make sure that even when we have a large number of EC2 instances, we don't overwhelm the external API. So we have two options to select, so we'll group them together. Option A is to move the code that calls the affiliate to a new Lambda function and modify the application to invoke the Lambda function asynchronously. So we have our EC2 instances that will be invoking asynchronously our Lambda function, and then the Lambda function will be invoking the external API. And option B is to move the code that calls the affiliate to a new Lambda function and modify the application to place the order data in an SQS queue. Trigger the lender function from the queue. So application goes into SQS, goes into Lambda, goes into the external API. Now, they look similar, but there is a big difference. So in the first case, let's see what is happening. We invoke the Lambda function asynchronously. So number one is we don't get a reply back from the Lambda function. So if somehow the Lambda function fails and fails three times after doing three retries because it's been invoked asynchronously, then the message will be lost and will not be invoked. So there's the first problem with this option A is that if somehow something goes wrong, then we will completely lose that API call. Number two is that every EC2 instance is going to invoke Lambda functions and Lambda functions are meant to scale, so this will not have any scaling issues, but that means we'll have the same number of requests done at the same time onto the external API. And actually there's a chance that we even have more external API's called in that same time because we invoke the Lambda function asynchronously so we can invoke it way faster. So all in all, option A, I don't like it because we can lose requests and we can overwhelm the external API even more. So what's happening with option B? Well, the option B, we place the order data into an SQS queue. And so this SQS queue will contain a buffer of all the things that need to be sent into an external API, and they're in the queue, so if they get read and then they somehow have a failure into being processed, they will be put back into the queue, waiting to be processed again. So as such, we have a lot more safety because we are using SQS. Now the Lambda function can read off an SQS queue and send to an external API. So this solves a stability issue. Here we're making sure that we don't lose any requests, but in this example, if we have 1000 messages into our SQS queue, maybe we'll get 1000 Lambda functions and we can overwhelm our external API. So still in this option group one, the best answer is option B. So we'll go with option B. Now we have an option group two. So now we have the SQS function that has many messages in it and many of the functions are created and we are invoking the external API. So option C is increase the timeout of the new Lambda function. D is to adjust the concurrency limit and E is to increase the memory. So if you increase the timeout of the Lambda function, that means the Lambda function has more time to execute. So probably we could, for example, wait and do some retries onto the external API and that would be working but we would still trigger some errors onto the external API. We would just be handling these errors on the side of Lambda. Option D is to increase the concurrency limit, so that means that this time, or sorry, adjust it, sorry, so that means that for example, we're saying, okay, the maximum amount of Lambda functions that can go and make calls to our external API is going to be five. And so we have the guarantee that we'll never get more than five Lambda executions running at the same time, and so therefore, this places a limit into how many requests we're going to do onto our external API at the same time. And so that means that obviously some requests are going to take more time to be sent to the external API but that means the external API is going to have a much better way to handle the load. So I like that answer a lot. And option E is to increase the memory of the new Lambda function. So by increasing the memory, we also increase the CPU automatically, so that means that our Lambda function could run a little bit faster, so it could even hit our external API even faster and this is not a good answer. So of all these answers in option group two, we have to adjust the concurrency. And so by using an SQS queue, we've managed to make sure we decoupled our processing order and the one sending it to the external API. So we make sure that we don't lose any requests and SQS is meant to scale greatly, so this is perfect. And by adjusting the concurrency of the Lambda function, we've made sure that we can make a limited load onto the external API, which is perfect because we're never going to overload our target system, even though we have many more requests made into SQS due to a big scaling of the auto scaling group. So this is great. I like this question a lot and hope you like it too. And I will see you in the next lecture.