So how do we get from this general idea of transformers with, you know, embeddings and self-attention and these feedforward neural networks to more specifically GPT, which is just generative pre-trained transformers? It is just a transformer, but a very specific architecture of one. Now, again, AWS is not tied to GPT. That's an OpenAI thing. OpenAI was funded by Microsoft, which has Microsoft Azure, which is a direct competitor to AWS. So you're not going to see a lot of cooperation between Amazon and GPT or GPT four or ChatGPT or anything like that. However, the exam, although it will probably not go into the level of detail we've gone into into how this stuff works does generally require some general knowledge as to how AI works and how machine works in general, so understanding how GPT works at a high level could still be beneficial for the exam. But more importantly, I think you're probably curious about how this stuff really works. So let's dive into it. Also, I should point out that GPT two and before that, and some offshoots of GPT two were actually open. I mean, OpenAI didn't become not open until recently. You know, they stopped releasing the details of their models only because they didn't want people copying them, really. But you can actually import GPT two into AWS because you can go get that through, say, Huggingface, for example. And we'll we'll look at that later on in an activity. So let's take a look at GPT two's architecture, because that's the last one where the details were actually revealed. And we know a few things about GPT 3.5 and GPT four. They are just basically evolutionary steps and making them much bigger and much greater scale. At the end of the day, the general ideas here are the same. So GPT is consisting only of decoder blocks. So earlier when we talked about transformers we showed an encoder stack. And that generated some sort of hidden state for each token and transfer that over in parallel to a decoder stack to do whatever we want it to do with that information, translate it, summarize it, generate text, classify things, whatever it may be, right? GPT is simpler, so it is nothing but decoders. And because everything is happening in parallel, you can get away with that. You know, you don't actually have to have separate encoder and decoder blocks, because we no longer have that bottleneck of a hidden state tied between them. Right? So this is actually a simpler and more efficient way of doing it. As an aside, Bert is another transformer model that came out a little bit earlier that consists only of encoders. And if you want an example of one that still uses encoders and decoders, T5 would be a model that does it that way. So let's take a look at what's going on here. Now keep in mind that there is no concept of input and output per se. We are just generating this huge block of vectors that come in and at the other end come out more vectors, and there is just this special token that it might encounter that says, hey, we should start processing whatever we're trying to do, you know, translate this thing in this example. So let's say that we're applying GPT for translation here, I'm going to feed in. Please translate me and then a token. That means go translate it, and the rest of these are going to be empty, because that's going to be space for this transformer to put its result in. But this all gets processed in parallel, right? Remember, self-attention works by in parallel computing all these relationships between the words and how they're positioned relative to each other. So there is no real concept of sending in an output of please translate me pushing it in and then waiting for the output on the other end. It's all it's all done at once. So what really happens is that we push in. Please translate me and a token out. The other end will come out. Please translate me token and then I right. And then we can pass it through again and say give me the next token. And that might say, please translate me token, I go home or whatever it is. Right. So all it's really doing is generating the next token over and over and over again. It doesn't really know per se if that's part of the input or the output. It's just generating the next logical token in this sequence repeatedly. That's all it does, people. Over and over again, we're feeding this vector in to get the next word, and then we feed it back through again with the next word, and we get the next word, and so on and so forth. So that attention mechanism is critical to maintaining those relationships between words or tokens. And you prompt it by giving it a head start with the tokens of your question, and then it just keeps on generating new tokens given the previous token repeatedly. All right. Now architecturally, what's going on here. So because we don't really have a concrete input or output, we're just feeding it this huge vector of tokens here. That's what allows us to train it on these unlabeled piles of text. So that's an important point here. You know, how do we actually go about training these things when we don't have a so-called correct response? Well, if you're just feeding it these huge blocks of text, you know, a Wikipedia article or an answer from Reddit it or, you know, a sentence from a book, for example, that is the correct answer, right? So because we're training it on how to generate the next token over and over again, we can do that with these sentences and say, okay, I'm just going to give you the first few words of this sentence. Did I correctly predict what the next word would have been? And by using that trick, we're able to train these systems without, you know, explicitly having to come back with without having to give it an explicit validation set. Right now, you can give it like your own validation set if you want to, but by default, you can just throw text at these things, and it will use that text as its own validation set as it goes. Right. So this allows it to ingest huge amounts of text and train on it all at once in parallel. And that's how it basically learns the language. So we're not optimizing this transformer on some specific task necessarily, like classify this thing into these three categories. The innards of this transformer are really learning the language itself and how to speak that language and how to interpret that language. And that's the key to just how creepily good this can be at mimicking human speech sometimes. Also, we're talking about hundreds of billions of parameters here. As we'll see, these decoder blocks really blow out into something huge. So they might be many thousands of vectors across, and they could be stacked hundreds of them on top of each other. And each individual one consists of both a feedforward neural network and a self-attention layer. Okay. So each decoder block consists of a self-attention layer that feeds into a feedforward neural network. And then we keep stacking these on top of each other further. So this decoder block will do self-attention on the input coming in. It will feed that to a huge neural network on top of it, and then feed that to another decoder block, which again computes its own self-attention on the previous block goes through another neural network. There's another one that does self-attention again. And by just stacking this up over and over and over again, we get an increasingly complex model and we can end up with hundreds of billions of parameters. And in the case of GPT four, it's rumored to be well over 1 trillion parameters that need to be learned. So think about the scale of learning that many parameters through training. It's a little bit mind blowing. Let's talk a little bit more about the input processing. So I've kind of glossed over this part of it here. So we start with our input tokens. Right. Please translate me. The next step is to translate those tokens into an embedding layer. So first of all we have a tokenization process that translates those words into numbers. Then we need to translate those tokens into embedding vectors where each token is in this huge dimensional space, where the distance between those vectors represents how similar tokens are to each other. We then do something called positional encoding to kind of bake in, where each token is relative to the other tokens. And again, since we're doing this in parallel, we don't really know at any given point where we are in the sentence. There's no concept of that here. So we need to somehow encode where the token is. So let's dive into more detail on how that all works. So let's talk about that input processing layer. The first thing we need to do is tokenization and encoding those tokens. So neural networks don't work on words. They work on numbers. All right. So the first thing we have to do is translate these words that we're trying to understand into numbers. And here's an example of it. The OpenAI website gives you a handy tool for visualizing that. So here's their example where they have many words mapped to one token but some don't. Indivisible. And you can see here that a lot of words do map to a single token. Each color represents an individual token that was generated. But the word indivisible was actually split into three different tokens. So endive and Isabelle. And the way that this works is just learned. You know, just like any other neural network has learned, the tokenizer is also trained over time to produce the most optimal tokens that just work the best for what we're trying to do. Uh, apostrophe T is its own token, so it knows that slash T means, you know, it's short for not or whatever, right? Also, punctuation tends to be its own token as well. It talks a little bit about how Unicode characters are encoded. That can also be multiple tokens. And this is also interesting. So if you have sequences of characters that are commonly found next to each other, they might group them together. So we might be able to say that if I see one, two, three, I don't need to encode that as individual tokens for one, two and three. One, two, three is its own token. Just because I see that as a repeated pattern during my training. So that's how tokenization works. We'll dive into a real example of that shortly. Next we have token embedding. Like I said, there's not a super easy way to visualize that, but the idea is that we're then converting those tokens into this vector in this multi-dimensional space and the space between those vectors, the distance between those vectors is correlated with the semantic meaning, the similarities between the meanings of those tokens. So two words that kind of mean the same thing, like potato and rhubarb, for example, would be closer together in this embedding space than, say, potato and Starship. Right. So the more similar they are to each other, the closer they'll be in that embedded space. It's hard to visualize because in practice we're talking about thousands of dimensions here. These vectors are thousands of values long, and you can't wrap your head around that. Sometimes people try to distill that down to 2 or 3 dimensions to kind of visualize it more. But the important thing is that these tokens are translated into vectors. The distance between these vectors represent the similarity between the tokens. And that's just a further way to optimize how well transformers and GPT works. Finally, we have positional encoding. So like I said repeatedly, we don't we're not processing this in sequence anymore. We've moved away from that. We're processing all of these tokens in parallel for any given next token that we're trying to generate. So we need to have some information as to where this word stands relative to other words in the sentence. And that's positional encoding. The trick here is that we use a sinusoidal function. And if you remember what a sine wave looks like, it has a period, right? It repeats over time. It goes up and down and up and down and up and down. So within a given period, like, say, 100 tokens or so, uh, you could infer from the sine wave where that token is relative to its neighbors. But for a really, really long sequence it would eventually repeat. But by that time, maybe things are so far apart that it doesn't matter. So it's a very useful trick for embedding for for encoding the position of a token relative to the tokens around it within a reasonable distance. Right. And it's one that scales out to any length of tokens as well. Now from an implementation standpoint, usually it's interleaved when you actually do this. So that's why you see these kind of bands in this visualization of the positional encoding. Um, we have both a sine wave and a cosine wave being embedded and alternating between different, um, different values here. And it's just been found through experimentation that that tends to work better for whatever reason. And we'll see that actually, uh, working in code up next.