Just a few key terms associated with LMS, and some ways to tune their performance that you might need to know about. So review tokens is basically a numerical representation of words or parts of words that are going into a large learning model as you're training it or trying to feed it prompts or whatever it is. So fundamentally, computers need to deal with numbers, not words, right? So it's just a conversion step of words or parts of words into numerical tokens that our model can actually understand. So think of tokens as kind of being the same thing as words. They could technically be parts of words as well. Those tokens can then get converted to what we call embeddings. And these are mathematical representations or vectors more technically that encode sort of the meaning of a token. So whether your token represents a word in English or Spanish or some other language, it might map to the same embedding vector, because that sort of encodes what that word means. The way that works is that words that are similar in meaning tend to be close to each other within that multi-dimensional vector space, where those embeddings live. Not to get a little bit too tactical about it, but just think of embeddings as a vector representation of the meaning of each token, and more technically, how similar tokens are to each other in meaning. Now, there are a couple of ways of choosing the next word in a in a sentence when you're actually generating the output from an LLM like we talked about in the previous lecture. One is called top P, so you can have a threshold probability for a token being included in the final output. And the higher that value is, the more random the output will be. So basically as you have output coming out of your transformer, there will be some sort of a probability associated with each token. And if it's above this probability threshold, that means that it's a candidate for being chosen as the next word in the sentence that's being generated. Another way of doing it is top k, and instead of having a probability threshold, we just say we're going to select k number of candidates no matter what. So k could be two, three, 4 or 5 whatever it is. So obviously the higher number for k the more random the results will be because you have more choices to choose from for those tokens that represent the next word in a sentence. Now, how do I choose between the candidates that made it through top P or top K? Well, that's where temperature comes in. So temperature is just how random the choice is in selecting the next word from those set of tokens that were output candidates. A high temperature of 1.0 would mean very random results, and a low temperature would mean consistent results. So temperature is just another dial for controlling the consistency or randomness or creativity, if you want to think of it that way of the output of your LLM. There's also the context window, and that is the number of tokens an LLM can process at once. So how many words surrounding a word can it look at for contextual information. How far out is it looking for that self-attention mechanism. Right. So again you know, the meaning of a word might depend on the words that are around it. And the context window defines how many words around it can we look at. There's also the maximum number of tokens, which is an upper limit for the total number of tokens, either on the input or the output side of your LLM.