So just to see some of this stuff in action, let's go on over to the AWS Management Console and spin up a SageMaker notebook, shall we? So let's head on over to Amazon SageMaker. And a couple of ways to do this. There's a new thing called Studio Lab. It's brand new as of this recording. But right now they don't really have a whole lot of hardware associated with it. It's basically Amazon's answer to Google Colab, where it's a free environment for experimentation. But the last time I tried it, first you had to, like, go through this whole, uh, application process to get access. And when I did get access, there wasn't any actual hardware available. So let's do this the the old fashioned way. Uh, we're going to go to notebook and notebook instances. This is not free by the way, but it will not cost too much because we're going to stick with a very inexpensive instance. For this. Let's create a notebook instance and we'll give it a name. How about Transformers. And let's stick with the T3 medium. That's a pretty cheap instance type, but do remember to shut this down when you're not using it though. It will sit there and rack up charges for as long as it's running, which you probably don't want. All right, the defaults here should more or less be okay. We're going to go ahead with the default permissions and encryption. All this other stuff is optional. Let's just go ahead and kick it off. We are spinning this up with Amazon Linux two and JupyterLab three. That should do the job. And now we just need to wait for that to become available. So we'll come back when that's done. All right. We're back after about five minutes. That is now in service. So let's go ahead and click on my Transformers notebook instance. And we can see that it's ready to go. Let's go ahead and open Jupyter. And we'll just wait to get redirected here. And we have a nice shiny new notebook here. So let's go ahead and import one from your course materials that will walk through some of the Transformers concepts that we've been talking about here. So I'm just going to hit the upload button here and navigate to where I downloaded the course materials. And from there let's select the Transformers ML course SageMaker Ipynb file and hit upload. And now we can click on it and start playing. Now since this is running on just a little CPU instance here, we're not going to be able to do any massive training, but we can use Transformers and break down some of the parts of it. So first of all, let's start off by installing what we need. We're going to be installing the Transformers package from Hugging Face. So let's briefly talk about what hugging face is. It's Huggingface Co by the way not calm. Don't get that confused. It's basically a giant repository of pre-trained models you can use. And they have a lot of transformer models as well, including things like GPT two and Gpt-j. Also, llama is available for you. Stable diffusion. They're all just sitting there waiting for you to play with. So, you know, you can actually work with these massive, large language models your own on your own and train them and fine tune them and use them however you want to, which is pretty darn cool. And it's also free, which is even cooler, you know, if you want to be able to save your models and offer them to other people, then you will need an account. But if you're just using it to mess around, it's totally free. So yay! And it's also free to import their Transformers package for Jupyter notebooks and allow us to play around with it there. It's also not just a repository. There's also a lot of good learning resources here as well, by the way. So when you go into the documentation for a given model, let's click on llama to be here. It tells you all sorts of stuff about it. And they also have a lot of learning resources. If you go to docs. You can learn all about Transformers here. And they even have a lot of tutorials and some of them are even video tutorials. So if you do want to dive deeper. Hugging face is a great resource. Back to our notebook though. Let's go ahead and shift enter to install the Transformers package itself. Note that I'm actually installing this from source from GitHub. That's because if you want to actually do fine tuning, you do need that source version installed. Otherwise you can just say pip install transformers for the stuff that we're going to be doing in this particular exercise. But let's go ahead and do this. Uh, from source here. It doesn't take too long. And it's automatically getting all the dependencies for that and installing it. Just wait for that to finish and we're done there. Now we're also going to install a bunch of other packages here JupyterLab, Ipywidgets, viz, Xformers, evaluate, and matplotlib. That's so we can actually visualize what's going on inside of this transformer. So let's go ahead and take care of that. Again, it will take a little bit of time for this all to install. All right. That took a few minutes but it finally finished up. And let's take a look at what it did here. We installed everything we asked for and it also installed PyTorch. Just a little note there. We're actually using the PyTorch framework and not TensorFlow and Keras here. PyTorch is become a little bit more trendy these days I think. All right. So now we're ready to rock and roll. We're going to import the Bert model and Bert tokenizer packages from the Transformers package from Hugging Face. And it's just that easy. Now Bert is a transformer that's built entirely on encoders, as opposed to GPT, which is built entirely on decoders. So a little bit of a different way of going about things that the transformer architecture level. But we're just going to be talking about tokenization and attention right now. And that works the same way no matter what kind of transformer we're talking about. So let's just load this up because I happen to have good visualization tools available for Bert. Let's kick that off. And that's going to go off to hugging face and import the models for Bert and also the tokenizer for Bert, so we can play with that directly. Down it comes and we're done. All right. So now we can take a look at an example of tokenization of a real phrase here. So back from our slides we had the example of I read a good novel where novel might mean a couple of different things, right, depending on the context. So the first step is to tokenize that our transformer model can't deal with words. It can only deal with numbers. So we first need to translate that sentence into a series of numbers that are numerical model can do stuff with. So let's see what that looks like. And you can see that it actually took I read a good novel and broke it up into these different tokens. I read a good novel. Notice that there are more tokens than there are words here. First of all, we're seeing 101 and 102 at the beginning and end here. Presumably that's those are special tokens that say, I'm starting to say something and I'm done saying something in between. I read a good novel. We still have one extra one. Remember that a word can consist of more than one token, so that's not too atypical to have more tokens than words. You know, we tend to use the phrases tokens and words interchangeably sometimes, but they really aren't interchangeable. A word can consist of more than one token, and we can also see the attention mask here that's built up for it as well. When we talked about attention and self-attention, there was this concept of using a mask to make sure that we're not looking ahead of ourselves, right, that we're only basing the attention on what we've seen so far up to that point. And attention masks is one way of doing that. So we can convert that back and see what those tokens really are by saying convert IDs to tokens. So I'm going to take back that list of tokens and convert them back to words. And you can see here that beginning CLS token special token and a Sep token at the end, like we said, there are special tokens to sort of indicate different events in the stream of texts. So I'm starting to say something. I'm done saying something. Maybe you should go and generate some text now. Right. And it turns out that the period is where that extra token came from. I read a good novel each to correspond to individual token IDs, but that period at the end is also its own token as well. So in this case, it's pretty straightforward. I'll talk a little bit about positional encoding as well here. So just a way to visualize what's going on here. So remember that when we're feeding stuff into a transformer we're not doing it one word at a time like we would have done with a recurrent neural network. It's actually processing everything in parallel. So how does the thing know where these words are in relation to each other within a sentence? Well, that's where positional encoding comes into play. Right. So we can see here that we're going to build up our own encode positions function here and do it from scratch just to visualize what that might look like. And we're actually overlaying a sine wave function and a cosine wave function within this matrix. And interleaving the two. This is how it's actually recommended to be implemented within the papers. So what does that look like? So the idea here is that because we're basing it on a sinusoidal wave and a cosine wave, these things just go on forever, right? There's no end to a sine wave. It just stretches on and on and on. And by looking at where we are within that sine wave, within one period of it, we can get an idea of where this word sits relative to the other words, at least within that period. So it's scalable. It's not, you know, entirely precise because it won't tell you where something is in a much longer sentence necessarily, but it works. So let's build up that positional matrix here. And again, all we're doing is saying that for a given position within a sentence, we're going to encode that as a sine wave and a cosine wave being interleaved together in this positional matrix. Now we can visualize that just using matplotlib. And we can see that it looks like this image here. So you can kind of see those sine and cosine waves working their way through there. If you sort of envision this going down further and coming back up later on, it would eventually repeat. But you can see for this particular sequence going up to, you know, say around 100 tokens or so, it does encode some information about where those tokens lie relative to other tokens, and it just works out better for the math for this to be interleaved with a cosine wave as well. All right. So that's positional encoding in a nutshell kind of a way to visualize it. Now if you do want to take a little break from the course here, I would remind you to go back to SageMaker and stop this notebook instance. If you're not going to be using it for a while. If you are going to plow through this section and keep on going, then by all means keep it up and running. But if you are going to stop, be sure to stop this notebook instance. Otherwise you will continue to be charged for it until you do stop it. Um, I don't want you to get a big surprise on your AWS bill at the end of the month, so do remember to stop this when you're not using it.