All right, back to our Transformers notebook here. Start it back up if you need to. Let's go and turn our attention to self-attention, shall we? So we're going to go down to the self-attention block of our notebook here. And from Bert Vis we're going to import some, some packages to allow us to visualize how attention actually works. So we're going to import Bert model and Bert tokenizer from Bert vis transformers neuron view, as well as the show function from Bert vs neuron view. And this will allow us to train a Bert transformer based on our own text here, and actually visualize what those self-attention layers look like and how they're connected. So let's go ahead and kick this off. We can see here that we're actually importing a pre-trained model. And that's the power of hugging face there. We can just import a working Bert model and use it. And that's what we're going to do here. So once it's done importing that it's going to create this visualization of the attention layer. And there we have it. So we're feeding in the word the phrase I read a good novel. Okay, so this is novel in the sense of a book as opposed to something unique, right? So if we go ahead and take a look here at the the uppermost attention head, we can see when we click on novel here or just hover over novel, that it does have a pretty tight connection to the word read, right? So that implies that it's getting a lot of context from the word read to say. By novel, I mean a book. And we can open that up and actually look at the underlying query key and value matrices for that as well. Not that it really means a whole lot to us, but it is sort of reinforcing that that is indeed how self-attention works. We have the query, we have the key, we have the value. Take the dot product, do a softmax, and you end up with a representation of that token that has more meaning attached to it. Let's do the same thing with this other phrase. Attention is a novel idea where we're using the word novel in another sense. So if we kick that off we can see in this case, novel is tied very strongly to the word idea. Also a little bit to the to the word attention. But through that relationship, it can figure out that by novel here we mean unique and not a book. So we can encode that further into a representation of the token novel into something that has more meaning attached to its meaning in this context. So that's self-attention in action there. Also, I want to recommend this little link here from the Hugging Face website. It's called expert that also lets you visualize the stuff on the web without even needing a notebook, and it shows you even more information, which is kind of interesting. So we could type in here again, I read a good novel and update the visualization here, and we see a very similar thing here. If we go to the the top attention layer here. Uh, novel is tied to the word read more strongly than any other word. But also what's interesting here is the would predict here box that pops up, right? So here it says novel is the top prediction for the token when we're done. But number two is book. So that implies that self-attention has figured out that by novel we mean book here. Let's try the other phrase. Um, attention is a novel idea. And now, first of all, we can see that the word attention got broken up into three different tokens, which is interesting. And if we click on novel, let's go to the. Yeah, we're still on the top layer there. It's actually saying that new is the word that would predict predict for that. So self-attention has figured out that in this context, the word novel means something new and not a book. That's pretty cool. This is kind of the key to how these large language models work these days. So pretty neat to see it in action again, be sure to shut this notebook down if you're not going to continue using it. I don't want you to keep racking up charges for this thing, and you will continue to rack up charges as long as that Jupyter notebook is open. So a little housekeeping there. Stop it if you're not going to keep using it.