All right. So we've talked in general terms how transformers work and specifically how GPT works. But how does this all fit into AWS. So AWS offers something called foundation models. What do we mean by a foundation model. Well, these are the giant pre-trained transformer models that we're going to fine tune for specific tasks. So we can take something like a pre-trained GPT or pre-trained Bert or pre-trained llama, whatever it is model that understands, again, the foundations of how a language works, and then build upon that fine tune it for a specific application. Some examples of foundation models are the GPT series. And like we said, GPT is owned by OpenAI, which is heavily funded by Microsoft, which has its own web service product called Azure. So you're not going to see OpenAI cooperating with AWS anytime soon, I don't think. They're not going to offer that. Now, there were earlier GPT models, like I said, like GPT two or offshoots of it, like GPT J, that are open source and available that they can give you. But the latest and greatest stuff from OpenAI. Probably not going to find that on AWS. Similarly, Bert is an older transformer model built on encoders instead of decoders that was created by Google. Google also has its own cloud platform. They're not going to be cooperating with AWS anytime soon either. Dall-E if you're looking for image generation, that's also made by OpenAI, which is also funded by Microsoft, which is another direct competitor for AWS. Not going to find that either, however. There's also meta, who's been developing their own foundation models as well. So their text generation foundation model is called llama. It's actually quite good. And it turns out Facebook does not have its own web services platform. So they're not in direct competition with AWS. So you will find Meta's models offered on AWS. They also have an image generation foundation model as well called segment anything. So if you want to use that instead of Dall-E, you can. And in my personal experience it's actually better. So these are all examples of foundation models. Some of them you will find on AWS. Some of them you won't find. So where's Amazon? Why don't they have their own models. And you know, frankly they're late to the party here. Um, they're quick to point out that they've been using Transformers and generative AI internally for a long time. Um, I don't know, maybe they have been and they've just been keeping it to themselves, but, um, they are a little bit late to the party here. They do, however, offer a suite of foundation models, um, that are sourced from others and also from themselves. So what they've done is taken the approach of being an aggregator of foundation models and getting them all in one place for you so you can use them. It's really not that different from hugging face, right? So that's kind of hugging faces entire reason of existence as well. They've assembled all these pre-trained foundation models you can build on top of similar idea here. With AWS Foundation models, they only offer a few right now what's called Jurassic two by a company called 21 labs. Uh, this is for text generation, and its strength is in, uh, being multilingual so it can speak Spanish, French, German, Portuguese, Italian or Dutch right now. They also have something called Claude from a company called anthropic. These are large learning models used for conversations. It's also good for question answering and workflow automation. They also offer something called stable diffusion from stability AI. This is again a image generation foundation model that can make images, arts, logos or designs for you automatically. And finally, they have their own offering called Amazon Titan. Again, it's early days, but this is their more general purpose text generation Foundation model LM, if you will. It can summarize text, it can generate text, it can answer questions. And it also gives you embeddings. So you can just use it for computing the similarities between tokens or phrases or words and use that to do things like personalization or search. So remember an embedding layer is just converting something into a big vector, right? And by computing how close vectors are to each other, you can compute how similar they are to each other. So the personalization aspect would be I have an embedding that represents some thing. What are other things similar to that thing that I might recommend to people who like the first thing, right. Or for search, I can take the embedding of my search query and see what other things are close to that search query in the embedding space, and that would give me a reasonable list of results. So just the embeddings API itself can be a powerful thing even without the text summarization or the the language modeling part of it. And how do I use these things? So SageMaker has something called Jumpstart where you can very quickly launch off a new notebook that comes pre-populated with some examples on how to do something. So Jumpstart now has something called Foundation Models, where you can select one of these foundation models and kick off a pre-populated notebook that lets you play around with it so that notebook will walk you through. How do I load up this model? How do I feed data to it? How do I query it? What kind of things can I do with it? How do I fine tune it? How do I shut it down? Right? So if you go there, you'll see a huge list of models that are from hugging Face. So they've actually gone out and worked with hugging face and integrated a lot of the models most popular models there into SageMaker Jumpstart as well as Foundation models. So in addition to the ones that Amazon is offering exclusively, we also have the entire hugging face ecosystem as well. And if you've never seen Hugging Face before, it's just a website that's an aggregation of a bunch of pre-trained models out there that you can use to, to build off of and very quickly use. So this lets you very quickly open up a notebook with a given model loaded up and ready to go. And right now, in addition to hugging face models which include things like Falcon Flon, bloom Z and GPT J, also GPT twos in there. It also gives you access to stable diffusion for image generation. And also Amazon Alexa has a model in there as well that is an encoder decoder based, multilingual large learning model. So if you want to use a large language model that's at least being labeled as Alexa, I'm not sure if that's what they're really using under the hood. Um, that's also available to you now as well. So. So SageMaker jumpstart with generative AI just refers to the ability to jumpstart a SageMaker notebook with one of these pre-trained models baked into it already to play with. And we'll dive into an example of that now.