And welcome to this section where we are going to talk about protecting your data in Amazon S3. Now that we know how to secure our data, let's talk about how to protect it and what do we need to protect it against? Well, there are a lot of different things that we have to consider when we're talking about data protection. The first one is mistakes made by individuals. So even the most cautious individuals can make errors. We're all human. We all make mistakes. And sometimes these mistakes can lead to data loss. Therefore, it's essential to have a backup and a recovery strategy in place when it comes to the data that you're storing on Amazon S3. The next thing may be malicious attacks. The threat of malicious attacks is ever present in today's digital landscape. These activities can compromise or destroy your data, and this really emphasizes the need for robust security measures here. And finally, geographical disruptions, things like natural disasters, maybe power outages or other disturbances in a specific region where you're storing your data can disrupt your data access. Now, as a result, having data redundancy across multiple locations for your Amazon S3 data is definitely going to be a crucial part of a comprehensive data protection strategy here. Now let's talk about some of the built in protection features of S3 and that's what we're going to focus on throughout this entire section. Now, the first one is data encryption. So Amazon S3 makes available multiple ways that we can encrypt our data. Now, this can mean multiple things. From an encryption standpoint. It could mean in-transit encryption. So when I'm uploading data to S3, is that data encrypted as it's going over the wire, going over the Internet? Is that data encrypted at rest? So when my data is written to disk, is it written in encrypted form? That way, if somebody walks into an Amazon data center, which by the way is very, very unlikely but pulls out a hard drive, can they read my data? And finally, we'll talk about client side encryption. So the idea of encrypting your data before you ever put it up in the cloud so that way not even Amazon can decrypt it, you maintain those keys. So that's one major aspect of data protection that we're going to talk about. The next one is object versioning. Now we mentioned versioning in an earlier topic. We very briefly introduced it, but we're going to go deep into object versioning in this section. And object versioning allows us to keep multiple versions of an object, hence the name. Now we can use object versioning to protect against things like accidental deletion, accidental overwrite, or just be able to refer to an older object version if we need to. We're going to talk about bucket replication. Now. At the beginning of the course I mentioned that your data is written only to the region that you select when you are creating your bucket. Well, we can use something like bucket replication to replicate that to another region, replicate to another bucket, replicate that to another account if we need to, for protection. So that's another thing we're going to talk about. We're also going to talk about MFA delete to ensure that you must have access to a security device that has a six digit code in order to perform a delete on certain data. We're also going to talk about things like Object Locked and a few other features of S3 So let's jump right into it.