So the first one that I want to talk about here is client side encryption. So client side encryption means that you are going to encrypt that data before you ever upload that to Amazon. S3 So you have some level of a key that's been created by some platform in your data center or at home or by some application. You as a client, you manage that entire encryption process. You have your data somewhere, maybe in some storage platform on prem, and then you are going to use some kind of key and some process in order to encrypt that data on prem, probably going to make a copy of it and it's going to be stored somewhere in an encrypted fashion. In this case, you manage the encryption keys and all the tools itself in order to manage this process. So basically you own everything about this encryption process. So when you upload that data to S3, it's encrypted. When you download it from S3, it gets decrypted by your own process. Now you have what's called client side Master Key, which you own the key. You also have the ability to use an AWS KMS key in order to encrypt the data on prem as well. If you want to manage the encryption process, but you still want to manage the encryption keys for you, maybe you don't have a solution on prem or you know what, we're just going all in on AWS, so we want to manage that for us. Well, you can actually create a KMS key and you can actually use that to encrypt all your data on prem. Again, you still manage the encryption process, but the keys are now managed in Amazon, S3 or KMS. A few of the use cases that where it makes sense to use client side encryption include. When you have sensitive data storage, you want to ensure that nobody can read that except for yourself, not even Amazon. You can use client side encryption for that if you have regulatory compliance, meaning I can never write my data in an unencrypted fashion. It must be encrypted before we move it. That's another use case. Risk mitigation. If you just want to be sure that no one ever has access to that data, if you want full control over your encryption process, that's client side encryption is going to meet those needs. And finally, data sovereignty requirements. If you have that, then you may want to use client side encryption to ensure that no one can decrypt your data regardless of where you move it. So again, this is client side encryption. Again, the focus is really you managing the encryption process using some key. Now again, whether that key lives somewhere on prem or you consume a key that's been created in AWS kms.