The first one is Xk with S3 Managed Keys or SK Dash S3. Now what's going to happen is that each object uploaded is going to be encrypted with a unique generated encryption key before it's stored on disk. Now this ensures that data is secure and it's almost impossible to decrypt without that specific key. Now, object specific keys are going to be encrypted using that master key like I talked about before, using envelope encryption. So this adds that extra layer of security and it keeps the stored data safe, even if the object specific key becomes compromised. Now, the object specific key, they're relatively small. There are few tens of bytes each, and it makes their management very efficient on S3. Now these keys are decrypted and re-encrypted with a new master key. When the master key is rotated and it leaves the original data untouched. Old versions of the keys are discarded, which further enhances security. So on the screen here, you can kind of see the process and I've got it outlined with some animation here. For example, here when we upload our new object called Robot Jpeg, we have a unique data key that gets created for that particular object. Now, of course, that key is encrypted, what's called our master key. So now our encryption key, our unique encryption key for the object is now protected with our master key. When we upload another object, maybe owl dot Jpeg, we have a unique key for that object. And again, that key is encrypted with our master key. And finally, if we upload another object again unique key for fish dot jpeg. But again that key is encrypted with the master key again. Now keep in mind that just because we're using that master key to encrypt all of our other keys doesn't mean that we can't manage that master key itself. By default. Amazon automatically rotates that master key for us. That's the downside to using S3 is that we don't have control over that. Amazon S3 is going to do that for us automatically on the back end. So if you don't want control over that, you just want to hand off that functionality to S3. Well, this is the perfect solution because now you have all the security that you require and none of the administrative functions that come with managing such a secure platform. So that would be the perfect solution for you. So let's take a look at some of the key points here for S3. It is the default encryption method for new objects. We already talked about all the defaults when we're creating buckets and the default encryption for any new buckets is going to be SS Dash S3. Now that's assuming that we don't go in there and change it to SS dash kms like we talked about. Now this is built in object level encryption. Of course it's using APIs to 56 bit encryption. So it is the strongest that's available. S3 manages the key for you. You have no control over rotation or policies for you. That may be a good thing because like, I don't want to mess with it. I just need a secure platform that's going to follow all the industry standards. And I don't want all the administrative work that comes with managing that. Although on the flip side, that may be a bad thing for you. If your organization has security policies that say we need to rotate our key, we need to manage the policies for our keys, SS Dash S3 is probably not going to work for you. That's going to be where you move over to customer managed keys or you're going to move over to SQ dash kms so you can manage that key. Continuing on with dash S3 keep in mind that SE encrypts only the object data itself. It doesn't actually encrypt the metadata that's associated with that object.