All right. So now that we know more about SSC, dash kms, let's go ahead and play around with it in the AWS management console. So in the S3 console, we have our buckets. Let's go into our Amazon S3 Deep-dive Bucket and we just uploaded a bunch of PDFs using the SSC Dash S3 encryption. Now remember, inside of a bucket, we can have different files that are encrypted in different ways. So for example, if we upload additional files to our bucket, say these other few PDFs that we did not add before, well we can go ahead and encrypt these specifically with KMS. So if we scroll down here, we can say specify an encryption key. Now the default configuration for this bucket again is already using KMS and it's already using the key that we want. So really we wouldn't have to do anything in order to upload these particular files and have them encrypted with KMS because well, that's already the default for this particular bucket. Okay. But let's take a look to see what happens if it's not the default. So let's go into our Amazon deep dive public bucket and you can see the properties of this bucket. The default encryption is SSC, Dash, S3. All right, That is the default. So if we want to upload objects into this bucket, I'm going to go over here and grab these. Go ahead and drag and drop, and then we'll scroll down, click on properties again, we'll scroll down. And of course now the default is SSC, S3 and we want to override it. So we're going to specify an encryption key. We're going to override the bucket settings because we don't want SSA Dash S3, we want SSC Dash KMS. So we're going to select that. And now we can choose from our existing AWS keys, or you can enter an AWS key Arn if that key lives in a different account. So here I'm going to drop this down. I have three kms keys now. The one down here at the bottom just says AWS S3 That is an AWS managed key. Now you can definitely select that if you want to. However, there are limitations with an AWS managed key, meaning you cannot manage the policy of that particular key. All right. It's an AWS managed key. However, in this account I have created my own key and this key is S3 production data and it is a customer managed key. All right. That means I can go modify the policies and anything about that key. So I'm going to select that key and then we can scroll down and we can simply hit upload. Now it's going to upload these files and it shouldn't take too long. They're a little bit big, but it should take about 30s or so. And when they are written to storage, well, Amazon S3 is going to encrypt those using the data key that is generated from that particular KMS key. All right. So I'm going to hit close here. And here is one of those PDFs that we just uploaded. If we scroll down here, you can see that even though the bucket default was SSC Dash S3, this particular object is encrypted using SSC kms with this particular key. Now notice that I did not select Bucket Key here. Now, again, a bucket key is used to encrypt all your new objects into a bucket. And what's going to happen? It's going to create that data key. It's going to store it inside of the bucket. And then S3 will use that data key to encrypt new objects. And it's going to reduce the amount of calls that you send to KMS ultimately with a goal of reducing the costs of KMS. Now the downside is you can't modify the use of a bucket key when you go edit. So if you click on edit here, if you go down, we're going to say override bucket settings. We want KMS, we want to choose our key. If we select our key here. Notice we don't get the option to change our bucket key. Right. You can only do that at the bucket level. So I'm going to click on cancel here. All right, so that's how we can upload objects using SSC dash kms. Now, of course, we can also modify existing objects to move over from SSC, S3 or another encryption type to use KMS. So go to our avatar dot PNG and scroll down. You can see that it is using the default of SSC S3. I can click on edit, I can override the bucket settings, I can select KMS, I can choose from our existing keys and let's for the fun of it, choose the manage key. Then I can scroll down and click on Save Changes. Cool. So we have now modified that object to now use SSC dash kms. So if we scroll back down to the attributes of this particular object, you can see now we're using KMS. And now we're actually using that manage key from AWS. We're not using the customer manage key, we're using the AWS manage key. All right, Now let's try one more thing. If we go out of here and we go back to our buckets and let's look at this. Brian Krausen Bucket Private. Now, there are a couple things in here. Let's look at the properties and go down to default encryption. We are using S3. If you click on edit. We can modify this default configuration. So let's change it to KMS. We're going to choose our existing key and choose our S3 production data. Now we have the option to select a bucket key. So again, it's going to create that data key, save it in our bucket and use that to minimize the number of calls that go out to AWS KMS so we can click on Save Changes. And now we've modified that bucket in order to change the default configuration. So again, scroll down, here is our default configuration and now we have a bucket key enabled in this particular account. Now the one thing I want to call out really quickly, earlier in another lab we talked about and showcased that if you try to make objects public or when you share them with anybody else, say within your account or with another account, you need to make sure that you give the proper permissions for those users to be able to use that key in order to decrypt those objects that are encrypted with that KMS key. Remember when you encrypt an object using a KMS key. Well, we also need that KMS key to decrypt the object so we can read it. So anybody who you are sharing that object with needs access to be able to decrypt that object using that KMS key. And that means any bucket that's going to be public and serve assets to the general public. Well, unless you're going to give everyone access to that key, you're not going to be able to use KMS to encrypt that data. So you probably want to use SSH dash S3. So that's it for this one. Hopefully you better understand how to modify and configure your buckets and objects to use. Ssh dash kms.