Let's talk about C, dash C or customer provided keys. So our same scenario here. We have our objects that are not encrypted. We want to place those objects in our bucket, but now we want to encrypt that data at rest using our own keys. So what we would do is we would create our own encryption keys on prem using some solution that we have. And when we upload that data, we would tell S3, Hey, you know what? Go ahead and encrypt this data with this particular key when it's written. Now, when this happens, Amazon S3 doesn't actually store the provided key. It only stores a key. And the reason it does that is because when you go to decrypt the object, it's going to compare the provided key with the key that's been written for that object. And it's going to say, okay, that is the correct key to use to decrypt the object. So you send along the encryption key with the object when you are sending the data to your bucket. Amazon S3 uses that key to encrypt that data. It creates a key and it gets rid of the encryption key, doesn't store it alongside of it. So again, if we have our other encryption key, we're storing other data. It writes that key and then finally this data as well. It encrypts that data and it stores that key for that. Again, throws away the key, but only stores really a reference to that key. And just like anything else, again, the objects are still encrypted in transit. Now a couple key points about C dash C you store and manage your own encryption keys. So if your organization demands that, well, you need to manage your own keys and have full control over it, well, this is going to be the solution for you. You send the encryption key as part of the request. When you send a put to Amazon S3, you say, Hey, I want to put this object into my bucket. Oh, by the way, here's the encryption key that I want you to use to encrypt the data you send that encryption key as part of your request. Now, S3 is going to manage the data encryption for you as it writes to disk, and it's going to decrypt the object. When you read the object, you're going to download that object. S3 does not store the encryption key anywhere. Like I mentioned, it only stores that randomly salted value of your key for validation for future requests. At no time does the encryption key get written to storage anywhere by using C dash C, you get 100% full control over the keys that are used to encrypt your data. Let's compare the three options here that we have. C dash S3, C, dash KMS and C dash C So you can see I've got a comparison here. We have managed key policies. Again, we can't manage the key policies when we have S3 or KMS and of course KMS, we can manage the policies if we create it a CMK, if it's a customer managed CMK, If you're using the default key, you cannot manage the key policies. Now encryption processes are not written to cloudtrail logs if you're using SSH, S3 but they are used if you're using SSH dash kms and C dash C key rotation is available in all three. It just depends on how often you can rotate it. So key rotation for S3 it is rotated regularly by S3 but you don't have control over it. You can't say, Hey, I want to rotate this key every six months. Amazon S3 is going to do that for you. KMS keys are regularly rotated if you're using the default key, but if you create your own key, you can actually click a checkbox that says go ahead and rotate this once a year. They are rotated by AWS, KMS and this standpoint. And finally, if you're using C dash C, well, you can rotate those as often as you need because you have full control over the key data share ability is impacted by encryption. Yes, we can share data stored on Amazon S3 if we're using Dash S3 because S3 is managing those keys. However, if you're using something like SSC Dash KMS, you can't share that data unless you also share the key that's used to store encrypt that data. If you have a bucket with data that's encrypted using a KMS key and you only share that bucket, you only give permission to maybe another account or something like that to access your data. Well, you would also need to give them permission to access your KMS key that's used to encrypt that data. And finally, if you are sharing data with a customer managed key, you can do that. Of course you need to share the key with whoever is accessing that data. Now, default behavior As of January 2023, we are going to use dash S3 for all new. Objects. That is the default. None of the others are default. However, as we talked about in the buckets section, you can change the default behavior for encryption for new objects to use SSL dash kms if you want to, but by default it's always going to use SSL S3 unless you change it. Good comparison here between the three options.