The next concept is same region replication. Say, for example, we have multiple accounts in our organization and for security purposes, maybe one of those accounts is generating all of our logs based upon our workloads and we want to send all of our logs to another account for security purposes. Maybe if somebody happens to breach one of our accounts, well, all the data is stored in another account that's separate and we would have access to all of our logs for troubleshooting and fingerprinting and all that good stuff for security purposes. So in this case, even if we're not using multiple regions, there are benefits to using same region replication. So in this example we have account one, two, three, four, five on the left and we've got account nine, eight, seven, six, five on the right. We've got two buckets, one in each, maybe 98765 is for Dr. and we set up replication and of course we can automatically replicate data that is written to our bucket on the left into a separate account on the right. Again, that way if something happens to the account on the left, we've got all of our data on the right that's still protected in the event the account on the left gets breached or something like that. And from a disaster recovery standpoint, this could be even beneficial within the same account as well. Maybe the data on the left gets compromised, something like that. And you have access to the data on the right. Now why would I need a same region replication? Well, maybe log consolidation. We want to aggregate logs into a single bucket. And by the way, this is very popular in most organizations. Most organizations are going to store logs in multiple buckets or across accounts, and then we can easily replicate those logs into a single bucket within that same region. By doing so, that allows for simpler processing of logs in a single location. So if you're using something like Splunk or Sumo Logic or Datadog or any of those, you can simply point those tools to your single bucket instead of having to configure for those tools to point to 20 or 30 different buckets that logs are being written to. You can also configure live replication between production and test accounts. So if you have customers that have production and test accounts that use the same data, well, we can simply replicate those objects between multiple accounts while maintaining object metadata. So we can test on that production data if we need to. And finally, maybe we need to abide by data sovereignty laws. Maybe you are required to store multiple copies of your data in separate AWS accounts, but you may not have multiple region requirements. Maybe you don't want multiple region requirements, things like GDPR that stipulate that you cannot send that data outside of that region. Again, this is a perfect example of using same region replication so you don't actually violate these data sovereignty laws and pay big fines for that.