All right. Now that we know more about S3 bucket replication, let's go ahead and jump back into the console and we are going to configure it. Now we have our list of buckets that we've been using up until this point, and we have our Amazon S3 deep Dive, which has about 25 different files that we've been adding throughout the course. Now what we're going to do is go ahead and set up a brand new bucket to go ahead and replicate all this data over to another bucket. And then we're going to add new data to this bucket and make sure that gets replicated as well. Now, if you remember from the lecture, when you set up replication, what replication does not replicate the existing objects? But what we can do is use S3 batch operations job in order to do that. And the cool thing is when you set up a rule and S3 recognizes that there are existing objects in your bucket, it will actually offer to create an S3 batch operations job to go ahead and move over all the initial objects, which is pretty cool. So what we're going to do is we're going to go back to buckets here and we're going to create a bucket because, you know, we already know about cross region replication, same region replication, bidirectional replication. So what we'll do is we'll go ahead and just replicate to another region. So I'm going to do Create Bucket and I'm going to call this bucket Bryan Clauson replicate to me and then we're going to choose us East two as the region. Everything we have now is in US East one and we're going to replicate over to the other region. Now we're going to leave everything else as the default For right now, we don't really care about that. Now we should enable bucket versioning, but I want to show you what it does when we actually create the replication rule. So I'm going to click Create Bucket, and then now we have our new bucket down here at the bottom. Bryan Carlson Replicate to me. So the next thing we need to do is we need to go into our Amazon S3 Deep-dive Bucket. We're going to go to management and we're going to create a new replication rule. So I'm going to click on Create Replication Rule, and we're going to enter a rule name. I'm going to say replicate. It objects to us. East two. All right, We're going to leave this enabled because we definitely want things to replicate. And what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and apply this to all objects in the bucket. Now, we could limit the scope, as we talked about in the lecture by prefix by tag, but we're going to go ahead and apply this to all objects in the bucket. Now we get to the point where we have to choose the destination like we know what we want to replicate. Now, where do we want to replicate it to? Well, what we're going to do is choose a bucket in this account because. Well, you just saw me create one. All right. So I'm going to go to browse S3 and we are going to choose our Brian Carlson replicate to me bucket. So I'm going to say Choose Path. Now, here's what I was talking about before. Replication requires versioning to be enabled. Now, we learned that in the lecture. However, I want to showcase that you can simply enable it right here. If you forgot to enable bucket versioning on your new bucket. So you can click here and it goes ahead and enables object versioning in your target bucket, which is pretty cool. So as we go down here, we can choose from existing roles. We can actually click on create a new role, which I will do. That way we have the proper permissions. Now we get to the encryption section. We can have any of our objects that are encrypted with KMS, we can have them replicated over to our other bucket as well. And what we would do is first we would choose the key for decrypting our source object, which would be our S3 production key, and then we would choose a target key, right? So when we move data from us East one over to us East two remember, KMS keys are a regional construct. That means when you create a key in US East one, well, it doesn't exist in US East two unless you tell it to create a multi-region key. So in this case I have not and I need to choose a key on the other side. Now we're not going to actually set this up, but I want to showcase that you can choose a KMS key from your account. So if you have a key that lives in US East two, you will be able to select it from this list here. And of course S3 would decrypt the data in US East one. It would send it to US east two encrypted in transit. And then finally, before it's written to disk in US East two, it would actually encrypt it with the chosen key here from KMS. So we're not going to do that for right now, but I want to showcase that configuration. Now. You can also change the destination storage class here. So for the fun of it, we'll go ahead and change it to standard. It's probably already standard, but we'll go ahead and choose it anyway. And then we have additional replication options down here at the bottom. Now I'm going to go ahead and choose RTC. We talked about RTC and how it's going to replicate almost all of our objects within 15 minutes. I'm just going to do that. So it's faster in the course in this demo, and then I'm going to leave everything else blank for now. So I'm going to go ahead and click on Save Here. And here's what I was talking about before. S3 has recognized that we have existing objects in our bucket. So it's asking us if we want to create a one time batch operation job in order to move all the existing data from our source bucket over to our target bucket. And I'm going to say, go ahead and do that. So what it's going to do is when I click on Submit, it's actually going to go into S3 batch operations. I don't know if you can tell on the background, but in the green in the top replication configure was successfully updated. All right. So it's kind of done the replication piece already. Now we're going to move over to S3 batch operations to move existing data. So I'm going to click on Submit here and you can see immediately we are in Create batch Operations job. So what we'll do here is we're going to run through the configuration. We're going to automatically run the job when it's ready. I don't really need a completion report for this demo, so I'm going to uncheck that. And again, we're going to choose from existing roles. I'm going to go ahead and have Iam create a new role to perform this job and I'm going to click Save here. So it'll take a minute and it's going to move us over to S3 batch operations and we'll be able to see this job enabled and starting to kick off. All right. So here is our new job at the top. You can see status here is new. You can see total objects is not available yet and it hasn't done anything. If we actually go into this job here, you can see the status down here on the left is preparing. So if I click on refresh, it's still preparing. It may take a few minutes. In my experience, it's probably taking about five minutes maybe to kick off here. But again, we can look down here. You can see the source bucket is our Amazon S3 deep dive and we are going to replicate data. All right, So let's click on refresh one more time just to make sure. So now it says it is ready, 0% complete. And you can see now time in active state. So it just started our job. So this actually went pretty quick when it started last time, the data actually showed up in the bucket way before this job ever completed before. So what we can do is go back to Amazon S3 into buckets here. We'll scroll down and find our Brian Carlson replicate to me. And we have no objects yet. All right. So we'll wait a few minutes for that S3 batch operations job to complete and then we'll refresh and see that all of the existing objects that live in our original bucket, which was Amazon S3 Deepdive now show up in this bucket due to that S3 batch operations job. All right. So you can see after a while, all of our objects have been copied over to our new bucket called Brian Carlson. Replicate to me. And these are all the objects that were copied over by our S3 batch operations job. Now, what we want to do is showcase that well, we have ongoing replication from our original bucket over to our new bucket. So I'm going to go back to buckets here and we're going to click on our Amazon S3 Deepdive bucket here. And what we're going to do is we're going to place some new items inside of this bucket and then we're going to make sure that those get automatically replicated over to our new bucket. So I have a list of just some random PDFs. They're actually all the same PDF. I just gave it different names and I'm going to copy and upload that into our original bucket here. So pull that over. We want to go ahead and upload these. Let's double check the storage class, which is standard. And what we're going to do is check the encryption. So what I want to do is not use KMS and I'm going to override that and just use SSE because we don't want to mess with all the permissions of KMS right now. And then I'm going to upload. So we're going to upload all of these. They're pretty small, so it shouldn't take but a second here and we're already done. So we close this and now we scroll down and we see all of our new PDFs right here. All right. Customer sales, January, February, all the way through August. Now, what we can do is we can go back to buckets here and we'll go into Brian Kraus and replicate to me and we'll scroll down and nothing's shown up yet. Usually takes a little bit. Now, if you remember when I set up my replication rule, I use RTC, which means that 99.99% of the objects should be moved over within 15 minutes. So again, we have 25 objects here and usually it's pretty quick, but we'll go ahead and keep on refreshing here. And what I can do is also pause the video. If it takes too long and we'll just validate that everything gets moved over from our original bucket over to our new bucket. And while we do that, I want to showcase one thing really quickly. If I go back to our Amazon S3 dive bucket and I select one of these PDFs down here at the bottom right, here's the top of it. If I scroll down under this management configurations, you can see replication status. So that means a rule has been applied to this new object and you can see that is actually pending. All right. So one thing you can see, if you have issues with replication, you may see some kind of message in here that says failed. Right. And that means that the bucket or the rule may not have permission in order to read or write data to the new bucket or read from the original bucket. Right. Remember when we created that replication rule, we selected Iam roles? Maybe the Iam role needs to be modified or in the case of using a KMS key, you may need to modify the KMS key policy to allow S3 or batch operations to use that key in order to decrypt the data and then move it over to the new bucket. All right, so you can see this pending right here. Let me refresh the screen just to make sure that it comes up. And you can see right here now, it says completed. All right. So if we go back to our bucket here. And we go to our replicate to me and look at that. Now we have 33 objects. If you scroll down and now we have all of our new PDFs right here. All right. So we have May, March, August, etcetera. So you can see that by dropping our new objects into our original bucket, our replication rule has now actually replicated all those objects from our original bucket over to our new bucket. So now our data now lives in both US East One and we have a copy of it in US East two. All right. So hopefully that was helpful for you to understand how to create an S3 replication rule. And then of course, we saw how S3 also notifies us that, hey, there are existing objects in this bucket. Do you want to go ahead and move those over using a batch operations job? And of course, we went ahead and did that, copied all the original objects. And of course, we just showcased that when we drop new objects into our original bucket, we also saw those objects now show up in our target bucket that we created, which was the Brian Carlson replicate to me Bucket. All right, So thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.