All right. So another option to protect our data is something called S3 Object lock. Now, this is a feature that allows us to store objects using a write once, read many model, and sometimes you see this written as worm. Now you can use worm protection for scenarios where it's imperative that data is not changed or deleted after it has been written. You can read it over and over again, but you want to make sure it's not changed or deleted. So whether your business has a requirement to satisfy things like compliance regulations and financial or health care sector, or you simply just want to capture like this golden copy of a business records for auditing and reconciliation, those kind of things. S3 Object lock is really going to be the right tool for you. Now, there's no additional charge for using this feature, so go on and add some retention dates to your objects in S3. By the way, you can only enable S3 object lock for new buckets if you do want to turn on S3 object lock for an existing bucket, you would have to contact AWS support. When you are creating your bucket, you have the option to turn on object lock. Otherwise, you would have to reach out directly to support to enable it on an existing bucket. Why would you want to use S3 object lock? Well, maybe we've got different requirements in our organization to store different types of data for a certain period of time. So in this example, I have three buckets here. Amazon, S3, Deepdive, one year, four year and seven year. And maybe our security team has dictated that our security and application logs must be held for one year. Obviously if there are security and application logs, we don't want people to change that and we need to be able to read that data in the event that we need to go through logs and maybe correlate logs and things like that. Great use case for using object lock. Maybe the next one is four year. Maybe you have legal holds, so you have data in your organization and you are legally bound to save this data in the event that you need it down the road. For some legal reasons, you can use something like object Lock to store this data. Again, four year here is just a suggestion and you can use object lock in order to store this data and ensure that no one can alter this data or delete it. And finally, maybe you have financial records that need to be held for seven years. Maybe you're a public company and the SEC requires that you maintain your financial records for up to seven years. Obviously, you don't want anybody to change those. You obviously don't want anybody to delete those because you can get fined. So again, you can use Object locked in S3 to upload all that data and ensure that data cannot be changed. So we have all of our data in our organization. We can go ahead and divvy this out. We say, Hey, all of our application logs are going to live in this bucket. All of our legal holds are going to live in this bucket. And finally, we have all of our financial records are going to live in this bucket. Now, remember, as soon as those objects are added to the bucket, we would configure the time frame on how long we want those objects to be locked. Now, keep in mind that it doesn't prevent our lawyers or whoever from getting the objects and reading the objects. It only prevents us from deleting and modifying those objects. There's two different retention modes for object lock. You should use governance mode if you want to protect objects from being deleted by most users during your predefined retention period. But at the same time, maybe you do want some users with special permissions to have the flexibility to alter the retention settings or delete some of the objects. In that case, you want governance. Now the other retention mode is compliance mode and you should use this mode. If you have the requirement to store compliant data, you should only use compliance mode if you never, ever want any user, including the root user in your AWS account, to be able to delete the objects during your predefined retention period. By the way, the only way to delete an object under compliance mode before its retention date expires is to delete the associated account. That's the only way you can actually delete that data if you're using compliance mode. Now, S3 Object lock does have added support for things like cross region replication. This means that in addition to locking your objects, you can actually configure. S3 bucket to enable automatic asynchronous copying of your locked objects and all the associated metadata to an S3 bucket in a different region. Maybe you have all that legal hold data, but you want to go ahead and replicate that to another region just to be sure. Right. So often, if your data is important enough to use a retention date, it's probably important enough to go ahead and replicate it to another region there so we can go ahead and migrate that data over. So that is S3 Object lock. Again, predefined retention dates. When you create your bucket, you say, I want to hold this data for 90 days, 100 days, two years, etcetera. Choose the type of retention mode that you want, governance or compliance. And again, you create a write once read only copy of your data stored in S3.