So, now, let's talk about Amazon SageMaker, which is one of the most important machine learning service on AWS. So, it's a fully managed service and it's for developers and data scientists, who want to build machine learning models and also deploy them. Because typically, to do all the processes in one place around machine learning is very difficult. And on top of it, when you start training your models, you need to have compute resources or servers and provisioning them is also difficult. So, SageMaker does it for you all in one place. For example, say, you want to build a model to predict your next exam score for your AWS exam. So, how does that work? Well, we're going to have historical data and we're going to transform it to extract the number of years of experience in IT, the number of years of experience with AWS, how long the student has spent on this course, as well as their passing score. And this passing score is the output. And we know this because this is historical data that we have just collected over time. And so, for example, say, "I would do a survey to my students, I would ask them all these questions, as well as what was their exam score?" So, they would say, "670, 890 and then, 934." And then, once I have all these datasets with as many rows as possible, then, I'm going to build my machine learning model directly on SageMaker. And it's going to help me train and tune my model. And then, therefore, when the model is built and you as a new student, who hasn't passed the exam yet, you say, "Hey, I have three years of experience in IT, one year of experience on AWS and have spent 10 hours on this course," then, the model will apply to the data and say, "Well, the prediction is that you will pass the exam with 906 score." So, all of these things can happen directly on SageMaker. So, to summarize, it is to collect and prepare data. It is to build and train machine learning models, as well as deploy the models and not only deploy them, but also, monitor the performance of the predictions in the models to go back to the first stage and improve the data collection. So, if you want to go a little bit deeper, there are some built-in algorithms on SageMaker. You don't need to know them, but I want to show you what SageMaker can do. So, we have supervised algorithm. So, you can do linear regressions and classifications. You can do classification, using what's called KNN algorithms. You also have unsupervised algorithms, such as PCA, Principle Component Analysis, to reduce the number of features in the datasets. K-means to find grouping in data, or anomaly detection to find datasets or data points that look different and this could be used for fraud, for example. You can also do machine learning on text such as NLP, so, natural language processing or summarization, as well as image processing, such as classification and detection. You do not need, again, to remember these things. But I wanna show you that SageMaker has a lot more built-in algorithms as well and that it's a one-stop place to do your machine learning. Next, something that's very cool about SageMaker, is called Automatic Model Tuning or AMT. The idea is that you have your model, but you wanna make sure that you try different parameter combinations to tune your model and to see if you can get better performance out of it. And while this could be manual, in SageMaker, it is automatic. So, we define the objective metric, what do we want to optimize for? And then, automatically, AMT is going to automatically choose the hyperparameter ranges, so, this is how your algorithm is going to function. It's going to figure out research strategy, so, how to navigate the hyperparameter ranges, also, how long to run to tune a job. And then, if a job is not tuning itself well, then, what is the early stop condition? Bottom line is we just say, "Hey, we want to optimize for this objective metric," and SageMaker does the rest. It's going to save you lots of time and money and also, it helps you not waste money on suboptimal configurations due to the early stop condition. So, once you have trained your model, you need to deploy it. And in SageMaker, it's super easy. You just deploy it with one click. And automatically, out of it, you get automatic scaling and you don't manage any servers as opposed to a solution where you would deploy your own models on your own servers. This is called a self-hosted solution. So, because we have a managed solution with SageMaker, it's a lot of reduced overhead. Now, how can we deploy a SageMaker model? We have real-time and this is one prediction at a time. So, we'll have a real-time endpoint and our application will send a payload and we configure the CPU or the GPU for our models to do the inference, so, to compute the outcome of the model. And we'll have auto-scaling and so, we'll get their answer right away. We also have serverless. So, this is a very similar architecture to what we had. But here in serverless, we only select how much memory we want for our models, depending on the models we have. Auto-scaling is done for us out of the box. We don't need to configure it. And with serverless, we can have periods where you don't have any traffic. So, the downside of it is that if you start having traffic and you haven't had traffic for a long time, it's something that happens is called a cold start, which is that the model has first to boot up and so, you get a little bit more latency on the first call to your serverless endpoint. So, real-time and serverless though, all serve the purpose of having the response being given to you right away. Just the real-time endpoint is a bit more configuration. The serverless endpoint is a bit less configuration, but potentially, more latency once you have a cold start. And then, we have asynchronous. So, if you have very, very large payloads of up to one gigabytes, then, it's going to be a long processing time. And so, therefore, we're going to put the payload into a staging Amazon S3 bucket. And then, our application is going to tell the asynchronous endpoint to put the job in a queue and to do its computation in its own time and to put the results in another Amazon S3 bucket. So, here, it's called near-real time latency requirements. That means that you don't get the answer right away, but you'll get it at some point. The request and the responses for the payload are going to be in Amazon S3. And then, you have batch. Batch is when you have a prediction for an entire dataset. So, you want multiple predictions. And again, it's a similar architecture. The request and the responses are in Amazon S3. So, our application is going to put the dataset in a staging bucket and tell the batch endpoint to put a job in a job queue and then, to put the results in a result Amazon S3 bucket. So, it is important for you to understand the different types of deployments one can do on SageMaker. So, we have real-time, serverless, asynchronous and batch transform. And I've compared them on four categories. So, in terms of latency, real-time inference and serverless inference are going to have low latency with the caveat that serverless inference may have what's called a cold start. That means that your infrastructure may start at the moment you do the request and therefore, will take a few more seconds to get your reply. But both these things are for real time and the payload is supposed to be quite small, up to six megabytes, one record. And the processing time is a maximum of 60 seconds. So, again, the use cases are for real-time inference of small predictions with the difference that serverless is when you want to have no infrastructure to manage and that's the big difference from an exam perspective. So, these limits may change, but you get the idea behind the inference types. Next, we have asynchronous inference. So, here, the keyword to look for at the exam, is near-real time. And here, again, we do one big prediction. But the prediction can be up to one gigabytes of input payload size, so, very, very big input payload. And the processing time is a maximum of one hour. So, the use case for asynchronous inference is large payloads and workload that require longer processing times, but remember, it's for only one record. And so, it's called near-real time. And finally, we have batch transform. So, here, we get high latency and we get to process multiple data points, it's called the dataset, at the same time. And so, because you have many predictions you want to do on many different data points at the same time, you can do concurrent processing. And that's why it's called the batches, because it's many records. So, now, the batch size can be 100 megabytes per mini-batch, but you can have many mini-batches. So, virtually, you can have very, very big batch transform invocations. And because it takes a while to compute all the predictions on all the points in your datasets, the latency is high. It could be from minutes to hours. But the max processing time remains one hour. So, hopefully, now, based on the keywords you're looking for at the exam, such as no infrastructure, real-time or near-real time, or the size of the payload and so on, you should be able to choose the right inference model. Finally, when you use the SageMaker service, you'll most certainly use SageMaker Studio. So, this is this interface, which allows you to do end-to-end machine learning development directly from one specific place. So, you have team collaboration, you can have different teammates in there. You can tune and debug machine learning models, you can deploy machine learning models, you can perform automated workflows and so on. So, this will be at the center of what we do in SageMaker. So, that's it, we've seen a very high overview of SageMaker. We know that we can train the model on SageMaker. We've seen we can automatically tune the model on SageMaker and that we can deploy the model on SageMaker in four different ways. So, that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.