So to get started with SageMaker, we need to prepare some data, for this, we can use SageMaker Data Wrangler. So this allows you to prepare tabular and image data for machine-learning purposes. In SageMaker Data Wrangler, you can do data preparation, transformation, and feature engineering. So this is extract of the interface of SageMaker Data Wrangler. And from this single interface, you can also do data selection, you can cleanse it, you can do data exploration, you can visualize it with some graphs, and process it. So it's very, very powerful as a data tool, to make sure that your data is ready for machine learning. On top of it, if you're a programmer that uses the SQL language, you have SQL Support. And if you want to analyze the quality of your data, you have a data quality tool, which will tell you, for example, if all your rows and your columns are in the right format, if you're missing some data, and so on. So anytime you need to transform data, think Data Wrangler. I just wanna show you different screenshots, so you can import data from different places, for example, from Amazon S3, you can preview data to see and extract and configure the types of column names as well as their types. You can visualize data, this is where you create graphs that allow you to understand what is happening within your data sets, and understand the type of data you're dealing with because that has a big impact on the machine learning model you will choose, you can transform data, so this is where you define the data transformation, the type of function you will apply on your data, the things you wanna drop, and add, and so on. And then you can do a quick model, a quick analysis to understand if your machine model is going to perform or not. Finally, your data flow can be exported so that it can be recreated in the pipeline and in an automated fashion. So Data Wrangler is part of SageMaker Studio, and is a very good way to transform and deal with your data before going into machine learning models. So when you use Data Wrangler or any other tool, you will want to create machine learning features, and these features are going to be what is gonna be given as an input to your machine learning models. And they will be used during training and used for inference. So remember, we had this dataset in which we had the birth date, but the birth date was not good enough for us, so after doing feature engineering, we've transformed it into an age, a numerical value that was more usable for us. Other things we can do, for example, will be to extract the song rating, the listening duration, or listener demographics for a music data set. And it's super important to have very high-quality features across your data sets in your company to use. So not just one, but across all your data sets to reuse them. So that brings us to the SageMaker Feature Store. So the idea is that these features exist in many of data sets, and you're going to ingest them from a variety of sources. And in the Feature Store, you're going to get an overview of all the features that exist in your company and you can have a description and so on, which is very handy. So you are able to also define the transformation of data into feature directly from within the Feature Store, or you can publish it directly from Data Wrangler that we've seen into the SageMaker Feature Store. And these features are discoverable within SageMaker Studio, which allows for better collaboration and better discovery of data within your company. So that's it for this lecture on preparing data. We have seen Data Wrangler and we have seen Feature Store. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.