So now let's talk about SageMaker Clarify. So with SageMaker Clarify, we're going to evaluate foundation models. So how is a model A performing versus a model B? And SageMaker Clarify is going to give you some insights. So for example, here, this model A on brand voice is performing at 25% versus model B at 75% and on relevance at 64% versus 93% for model B. So how does that work? Well, we're going to give some tasks and then Clarify is going to evaluate the models on this task. So here we can evaluate using Clarify some human factors such as the friendliness of a model or the humor of a model. And to evaluate the model, we need humans. So we're going to leverage either an AWS-managed team or we can bring our own employee. On top of it, to evaluate these models, you can use the built-in data sets, or we can bring your own data sets and your own questions. You also have built-in metrics and algorithms you can choose from and this is part of SageMaker Studio. So here, remember we involve humans into comparing foundation models on specific tasks. The other very important feature of SageMaker Clarify is called model explainability. So here you want to understand how your model is working and why it's making the predictions it is making. So here we have a set of tools that explains how the models will make predictions and we can understand these characteristics as a whole before making deployments. So this is very helpful to debug the predictions after it's deployed as well. And this is good to increase the trust and understanding of the model. So here for example, we can ask why is the model predicting a negative outcome for a loan rejection for a given applicant? And we can say, well, the main feature or the three main reasons why the applicant was rejected was for these three features. So this is what you see on the top right. The predictive column right now is very, very dependent on maturity month, a 14 loan amount, and so on. So this is how we can use in Clarify, explain our model, and we can understand, for example, if case of there is an incorrect prediction, why is the model making an incorrect prediction? So this is very helpful. There's another side of SageMaker Clarify to detect a bias, so a human bias. So we want to understand where the biases are in our data sets, in our model and detect them and we can measure it using statistical metrics. So we specify the input features we want to look and bias will be automatically detected. So here, for example, we can see in our dataset that there's a class imbalance, meaning that there is a group that is substantially more represented than a disadvantaged group. And so this is a huge bias, or it could be wrong proportions, or it could be, for example, like men and women type of spread in your model, maybe there's more women than men or vice versa. Again, the bias can be automatically detected by SageMaker Clarify, which is very handy. Next, let's talk about SageMaker Ground Truth. So this is based on RLHF. So if you see RLHF at the exam, this is for reinforcement learning from human feedback, and it's very possible that SageMaker Ground Truth will be the good candidates. So here we use it for model review, customization and evaluation, and to align a model to human preferences. Here basically, we want to have human feedback in the reward function for reinforcement learning. So that means that we want human feedback for your machine learning so that we can create and evaluate models from a human perspective or create data or annotate data again, from a human perspective, because sometimes the automated processes do not necessarily align well to human preferences, or we need to fine tune the models with specific human preferences. For example, a model may have learned to be joyful and happy and funny, but if we're doing AI that's supposed to be very business-oriented, we need to provide one last layer from a human perspective, giving our preference to the model as being more business-oriented and this is where the humans are involved. So for example, let's take this picture. We have humans and we want them to create labels such as we have a dog, a ship, and a cat. And so therefore we can include reviewers, and these reviewers can be either your employees or third party employees or workers from Amazon Mechanical Turk. One last term you may see at the exam is SageMaker Ground Truth Plus, which is the capability and feature within SageMaker Ground Truth to use this workforce to do the task of data labeling. So that's it for SageMaker Ground Truth and SageMaker Clarify. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.