All right. Welcome to this section where we are going to talk about integrating Amazon S3 with CloudFront. So before we get started, let's go over a brief overview of CloudFront just to make sure you understand what it is. Now, CloudFront is a content delivery network, right? It's a CDN. It's going to allow us to distribute our objects, maybe our assets for our website or object stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. It's going to allow us to distribute that content all around the world into all these points of presence that Amazon manages. And by doing so, that's going to help improve our read and write performance for our users. So say for example, we have our data stored in the US, but we have a lot of customers in Europe as well and we don't want them to have to traverse the entire Atlantic Ocean in order to grab our data. So we can use is CloudFront to distribute our data over to points of presence in Europe. And now our users can access the data locally versus having to come all the way back to the US. So one of the big benefits of CloudFront is these edge locations that are all around the world. And and you can see on the map here that they are all over the world, right? They're pretty much on every continent here. Now, CloudFront also has native integration with AWS Shield. And so on top of distributing your content with CloudFront, you also introduce additional security features that you can use in order to serve your content to your customers. Let's take a look at it on a map here. So how would we access our content if we had a bucket, say in California? So say in California we had all of our website assets stored inside of our bucket and maybe we've got customers all around the world and these customers are going to access our bucket in order to access the data, like the static content that's on our website. Well, some of these users may not have a great customer experience, right, because, well, they're coming from around the world in order to access their data. And it may be a little bit slow. So what we want to do is be able to use CloudFront to distribute our static content around the world so they have a much better experience accessing either a website or application or whatever we're serving up. So let's take a look at how this works. Again, we have our bucket and we've got our static assets inside of our bucket. And what we're going to do now is we're going to integrate that with Amazon CloudFront and we're going to create what's called a CloudFront distribution. Now, the CloudFront distribution has a lot of options, but what we can do is tell CloudFront distribution to go ahead and distribute all of our contents across all of these edge locations. Now, once we set that up, all of our data is going to be distributed to each of these edge locations. Now, it's not going to go ahead and copy everything at once. This data is generally going to be copied when it is requested, and then it's going to be cached locally for additional requests when other users access your data. So when we front end our S3 bucket with a CloudFront distribution, we get a little bit different user experience from our users. So again, our content lives in California, all of our website assets and now what we have is all these edge locations that we can use. And of course we distributed our content to all of these edge locations and now each one of our individual customers, well, they can access our content by accessing the edge location that's closest to them. And the back end, what's going to happen is the edge location is going to retrieve that data from CloudFront, ultimately from S3, it's going to cache it locally. Then any additional users that are accessing our website? Well, now those static assets are local to them and they have a much better experience when they're interacting with our application or our website. That's what local access for content means is we're going to now distribute our content, we're going to cache it locally, and now all users will be able to access our content locally versus having to go all the way across the world in order to access our data. All right. So at this point, you may be asking yourself, wait, this is an Amazon S3 course. Why are we talking so much about CloudFront? Well, S3 buckets are ultimately one of the primary origins of data that's distributed with CloudFront. All right. So again, we have our end user here. Maybe this end user opens up their Web browser and what's going to happen is this Web browser is actually going to hit the nearest CloudFront edge location. Now, once they hit the edge location, the edge location has a decision to make. It's going to ask itself, is the data being requested in my cache? All right. So this orange triangle here, do we have this content locally? If yes, then what we're going to do is we're going to send that data back to the browser really fast for the end user. Now, if that data is not in the local cache, what it's going to actually do is. Is go retrieve the data from the origin, which in this case is our bucket. And then the data is going to be sent back to the edge location. The data is going to be cached locally, but it's also going to be sent back to the Web browser now. All right. So now any future users that access our website and they're looking for those same objects. Well, now they were stored locally and we don't have to worry about going all the way back to our bucket to retrieve our data. All right. So when we're creating our CloudFront distribution and we've got a lot of options here for distributing our data. Now, the first one is you can narrow down the data using a prefix. So inside of our bucket, if we have prefixes in there, we can say, okay, we only want to distribute the content that lives in this certain prefix. We can make our cloudfront distribution public or we can restrict access using OAC. All right. And we're going to talk about OAC later in the course. We can add custom headers, we can compress objects. We can allow all these Http actions, get head options, put post, patch, delete. We can do all that with cloudfront. And if you look at those options, right, we have get but look at that we also have put and post. So that means that not only can we use CloudFront to distribute our objects for all the gets from our users, but we can also use CloudFront for Ingress as well. We can have our users accessing their local CloudFront edge locations to upload data to our buckets using CloudFront. All right, so pretty neat there. You can force the use of CloudFront signed URLs to access. You can integrate it with WAF and Shield. You can choose where you want to distribute your content. Do you want to distribute your content all around the world to every single edge location? Right. That's going to obviously give you the best performance. If you have customers all around the world, if you're primarily focused on North America and Europe, maybe you only want to use those edge locations. Maybe if you don't have users in Australia or China or something like that, maybe you don't need a distribute your content to those areas. All right. So you have that option as well. You also have the option to add a TLS certificate if you are using a custom domain for your CloudFront distribution. So if you're interested in that, make sure you check out the static website hosting section later in this course where we're going to go over that and showcase a demo. All right. So I mentioned Ingress, right? We can use CloudFront for Ingress. So if we have our users that want to upload data to our S3 bucket, well, they're going to have the best performance if they interact with CloudFront and they interact with that local edge location. So if they send the data to the CloudFront edge location on the back end, Amazon's going to use their backbone and upload those objects to the bucket so the users have a better experience because they're interacting directly with an edge location. And on the back end of Amazon we actually send the data across Amazon's backbone, which is a private, secure, very fast network that can connect us directly to S3. So that's another way that CloudFront can provide us benefits, is not only distributing our content for gets, but we can also use these CloudFront edge locations in order to upload our data to our buckets as well. So that's a brief introduction to CloudFront and how we integrate that with S3. Again, very important to have this in this course because S3 tends to be a primary origin for our CloudFront distribution. So want to make sure we cover it in detail here. So thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next lecture.