All right. Let's play around a little bit with knowledge bases in bedrock, which is kind of the first step toward building larger agentic systems, which we will do later in this course. But for now, we're just going to create an underlying vector store and query it from within the bedrock knowledge base features. So let's see how that works. All right I'm in the bedrock console here. And quick disclaimer the UI here changes like every day. So things aren't exactly where they appear in this video and you're following along. Don't panic. You should be able to find it currently under build. It's where you'll find knowledge bases. So I'm going to go ahead and go there. And from here we can get a little overview of what they're all about. And we can see that we now support custom vector stores. Whatever cool new announcements are up there I'm going to dismiss that. And you can see at a high level we can create a knowledge base with a vector store, a structured data store. You can even connect that to a database or table. Or also you can connect it to Kendra these days as well. We'll learn about Kendra a little bit later. But for this we're going to create our own vector store and query it directly. So we have a little bit more control over how that works. We can also proceed to test it out, which we'll do here. And then once we have a working knowledge base, we can integrate it into larger applications or use it within an agentic system. So let's start by creating one which is easy to do. Hit one of these two create buttons and we have a menu of options here. We do want to make a vector store one here. Again these other options are cool to Kendra or connecting it to a data store. But we want to use a vector store. We need to give it a name. So let's call it I don't know sundog rag or something. Whatever you want. And if you want to give it a description, you can. I'm going to let it create its own IAM permissions because I'm lazy. But if I did want to have finer grained control over that, I could try to do so. Of course, getting those permissions just right can be a little bit tricky. So do take care if you go that route. By the way, I'm in North Virginia right now for my region. Do make sure that you're in a region that supports bedrock. Not all of them do. And now we need to figure out where our data is coming from. So this is the data source. This is the data that we're going to be importing into our vector store not the vector store itself. So I'm going to go ahead and throw that in S3 somewhere. But you can see that I can actually suck in data from many other places as well SharePoint, Salesforce, confluence, or even a web crawler if I wanted to, or my own custom data source too. So you can ingest data from pretty much anything you can dream of, but I'm going to use S3. If I want to give it a tag, I can. And if I want to do some log stuff there, I can do that too. But we're going to skip that for now. So let's go to next. All right. So now I need to give this data source a name. This is where my data is coming from. Let's call it Frank's book or whatever you want to call it. What we're going to do is upload the full text of an old book I wrote, like, you know, 15 years ago on self-employment. And, uh, well, it doesn't make any money anymore, so I'll just give you the text of it for free. It's a thing to play with here, so we need to put that in S3 first. So before I go any further, let's go ahead and kick off another window for S3. And if you have an existing bucket you want to use you can do that. But just for completeness I'll create a new one for this and let's give it a name. Remember this has to be globally unique, so use your own name here Sundog Frank's book. Again, use a different name because it has to be different. And I'm not going to get into how S3 works here. I'm assuming that you are familiar with S3 already if you're at a professional level exam, but um, you know, there is some material in S3 a little bit later in this course if you need it. So I'm going to leave these all at the default settings, because they're perfectly appropriate for what I'm doing here. And create that bucket. Now if I navigate to that bucket, what do I call it? Sundog Frank's book. There it is. Let's go ahead and put my book in it. So let's hit upload. And from here I can navigate to my course materials. Let's add file. And where did I put that. So for me it's in this directory. But somewhere you downloaded the AP materials folder and unzipped it at the beginning of the course. Go back to the very beginning if you need it and book dot. TXT is the one we want. And let's go ahead and upload that. All right. So now we have our book in S3 that I can ingest into my knowledge base. So back to bedrock. Let's go ahead and select the URI to that book dot. TXT file. So I'm going to go ahead and browse S3 to find it. New bucket. It's not coming up a little bit of a quirk in the UI. Sometimes you need to refresh it before it'll actually see it, and sometimes even a refresh doesn't cut it. I'm actually going to refresh this whole page. And hopefully that will make it pick it up. So let's give it that name again. Frank's book, whatever you want to call it. Description if you want again S3. Frank's book. And let's go ahead and browse it again. There it is. All right. A little bit clunky there, but we're back where we started. All right. So we got some choices here. We can use the default parser, the bedrock data automation parser or the foundation model as a parser. So if I had like weird unstructured data these might be useful. But since I'm just uploading plain text here, the default parser is fine. It's not multimodal here. I'm not embedding, uh, you know, images and videos and stuff. It's just straight up text, so the default parser will do just fine. However, if I was uploading things like images of driver's licenses or passports or, uh, you know, forms of some sort or PDFs, images, audio, video, whatever it might be. Bedrock data automation is a really cool feature for extracting structured data from that unstructured data, for actually getting information out of images and videos that might be helpful. So that's a cool option too. Also, we have the option of using foundation models as a parser. So we could actually say go spin off a foundation model and have it try to extract meaning from this information. And again, that can go beyond text documents and extract information from PDFs, images, tables, forms, whatever it might be. So depending on the nature of your data, you might need more or less complexity here, since I am just dealing with text, which is usually what you're going to be dealing with, the default parser is A-okay. Alrighty. So again, it warns you if you need speech retrieval, you might want to use data automation. Data automation is a really cool feature by the way, so it can do a lot chunking strategy. We're going to talk about that too. So default chunking is fine. Um, that's going to be splitting that text into chunks of 300 tokens per chunk by default. And I have some control over this. So that means it will chunk up my book into 300 tokens at a time, or roughly 300 words at a time. It does make sure that I don't split up sentences along the way. So if you're pretty sure that the basic meaning that you're trying to convey in a passage of text can be conveyed within 300 words or so, that should work pretty well. Basically, we're going to take each one of those chunks, turn them into an embedding vector, and when we retrieve relevant information for a query for a prompt, later on, you will retrieve the chunks that are most relevant to that query. And hopefully there's enough information, enough context within that 300 token window to actually get some useful information. If I think that's not the case, I could specify my own chunking. So I could say, well, I want to use this many tokens per chunk, and I want to have this much overlap between those chunks, whatever it might be. I can also have hierarchical chunking, where I actually have a parent child structure where I search for child, you know, finer grained chunks. But when I have a hit there, it actually goes up one level to a parent that contains a more complete context surrounding that smaller chunk. So that allows me to get very precise results at the child level, and then suck in more context from the parent above that semantic chunking. I can also try to do it a little bit more intelligently. Instead of just splitting up by a number of tokens, I can use the foundation model to say actually split this up based on different concepts. So when I start talking about something that's different in topic, go ahead and figure that out for me and chunk it up semantically. Obviously, that gets more expensive because we're using a foundation model to do our chunking now. Or I can say no chunking if I want to pre-process it myself and break up into individual chunks, one chunk per document. I can have the ultimate control that way. But I'm going to go with default here. All right, a few more optional settings here. If I did want to attach a lambda function I can do that too. So this is an important thing to know. It is possible to have my own lambda function that controls that, chunking and processing that data as it's being indexed into my knowledge base. So it is possible to have a structure where you have a knowledge base that goes through lambda before actually ingesting data into the underlying vector store. And if I had a lambda function for that, I could do that and specify that as my transformation function. And there are some advanced settings we can take a peek at as well. If I want to use my own KMS for security, I can do that. If I want to have my own data deletion policy, I can set that here too. By default, the vector stored data will be deleted when the data source is deleted. This is an important point folks. So just because it deletes the vector stored data does not mean it deletes the vector store itself. This is a little bit misleading. So we're going to be creating an OpenSearch serverless index to actually store this data in. And if I delete this knowledge base you might think it would delete that serverless instance. But it doesn't. It has at least the data that's in it. So if you're not careful, you will be left with a OpenSearch serverless instance running. And even if you're not using it, you're going to get billed for that. Even the simplest serverless instance for OpenSearch is going to run you a couple of hundred bucks a month, so you do need to remember to delete everything with OpenSearch serverless when you're done using it. But I'm at least going to make sure that I delete the data, so I want that too. But if you did want to retain that data and make sure that that survives across deletion of the knowledge base. You could choose that here too. Moving on. We can also select an embeddings model when we have to, because we need a model to convert those chunks of text into embedding vectors that kind of represent their meaning. So let's go ahead and select one. And you have several available to you here. If you don't see any here, you might be in a region that doesn't support bedrock. Or you might need to go in explicitly request access to that model in the model catalog. But for me, let's go ahead and use Titan embeddings G1. Sure. And if you want to use a newer model, go for it. You know, I'm not going to stop you, but I know that one works. So this will be on demand inference. Only choice I have for that one and apply that. All right. Now I need to put this data somewhere so I can do a quick create of a new vector store or use an existing one. So if I have an existing vector store in OpenSearch or whatever it might be, I can connect to that instead of spinning up a new one just for this knowledge base. But I don't have one, so I'm going to make a new one. And now we get to choose the type of vector store. And you can see there's a few choices here. So we can use Neptune Analytics if we want to actually store graph data and BI graph I don't mean charts and graphs, I mean a graph data structure useful for like social media networks and things like that. Aurora has a PostgreSQL vector embedding add on thing that you can use for vector stores in Aurora that might be appropriate if you have, you know, kind of a mid to medium sized amount of data to deal with in SQL. Capabilities are important to you. S3 vectors are really cool. They're only in preview as of this recording, and as of now they're not in scope for the exam, so I'm not going to talk about it too much. But if I were making a new system, that would be my choice, because S3's pricing makes a whole lot sense to me, and it's a lot simpler to there's a fewer things to worry about with S3 as opposed to OpenSearch, but sort of the default thing that the exam wants you to focus on is OpenSearch serverless. So let's go ahead and select that as our underlying vector store. All right. So we've got an OpenSearch serverless vector store that we want to use. We have an embedding vector. We're almost done. There's a few additional things we can tweak if we want to. Uh not gonna get into that. But if you did want to like have more control over your KMS key with OpenSearch, you can do that. If I want to have more redundancy and pay more for it, I can do that too, but we're just playing around, so I'm definitely not doing that. All right, we're almost done here. Just need to review everything, make sure it looks good. And I think it does. So let's go ahead and create our knowledge base. Let that spin for a bit. Under the hood it's going to create that OpenSearch serverless vector store. And this will take a minute. So I'll come back when that's done. All right. That took about five minutes or so. And our knowledge base is created. However our data is not yet synced up to it. So as it's helpfully telling us here, we first need to sync our data source to index that content for searching, which doesn't take too long. So let's go to the data sources, which are right here. Actually, I didn't have to go anywhere. So let's go ahead and select that data source for Frank's book here and select that and say sync. And let's wait for that. It's not too big of a book, so it shouldn't take too long, but I will come back when that's done. Yeah. That only took like 10s. All right. So we have our data synced. I think our knowledge base is ready to use. So let's go ahead and click on the Test Knowledge Base button and see if it works. Let's get rid of all this stuff. All right. So let's go ahead and do a retrieval and response generation. So in a way we're making our own little simple test agent here to actually query that document for us in real time. And we can dig into what's happening. But we'll do that in a second. All right. So let's write a prompt about my book. So first we need to select a model though. So which model am I using to actually generate those responses. Again you need to make sure you have access to one. Um you can choose whatever you want. I'm going to go to anthropic and let's use the latest and greatest, uh, sonnet for because, you know, we're not going to do too much with it shouldn't cost too much. Again, if you don't see anything here, make sure you're in a region that supports bedrock and you might need to request model access. But, um, going forward you should not. So whatever model you want. And let's write a prompt now and see if it works so I can ask it a question about the content that's in my book and see if it actually references that. So um, part of the book talks about when are you ready to try self-employment? So let's ask it, um, what are some steps to follow before deciding to become self-employed? Off you go. All right. And you can see it's actually referencing bits from the book itself. And this does in fact align with the contents of my book. So that's pretty cool. And if you click on one of those references, it actually links you back to where it got the context from. If you want to go a little bit more depth, we can click on details. And this is actually giving me back the original chunks that came back. So how about that. So the query itself is nothing special. But this is where it gets interesting. So this is the relevant chunks of data 300 tokens apiece. Remember that it thought were relevant to that particular query. And in fact they're pretty good choices. There's also metadata potentially associated with that chunk. This is just used for the citations. But you can also imagine doing hybrid search here, where you're searching specific metadata keys in addition to those embedding vectors. We'll talk about that in a bit. And another chunk that I pulled up. So if you want to dive into that you can get into the details. We're actually retrieving the top five most relevant chunks here relevant to that prompt. And it constructed a pretty good response as a result. So how about that. Very cool. All right. Let's close that out. And I'm going to be building on this in later exercises in this course. So we're going to make a guardrail around this system. And then we're going to actually ingest this knowledge base into a larger agent system later in the course. So if you are confident that you're going to be proceeding into this course very quickly, um, go ahead and leave this up and running. However, like I warned you, if you do leave this up and running, even if you're not using it, that OpenSearch serverless database is going to keep costing you money, even if you're not using it to the tune of a couple hundred bucks a month. So, um, you might want to think about ripping this down and spinning it back up when you get back to that agent lecture. If you don't think you're going to get right to it. Uh, just to show you how to get rid of this thing, You would go to knowledge base, and from here you could say delete. And it's giving you a nice little warning here that says the vector store itself is not deleted, only the data. They actually added that because I complained about it. But even if you do that, you would have to still go to OpenSearch as a second step. And from here, find your serverless instance. So under serverless let's go to the dashboard. There's my underlying serverless instance. Where'd it go. There you are. So you want to delete that collection as well. I'm not going to actually do it because I'm going to build on this right now. But you would want to make sure to delete the collection in your serverless dashboard for OpenSearch serverless to avoid getting charged for that going forward. Very important step. All right. But if you're going to be pushing forging ahead, then go ahead and leave it running and we'll get back to this later in the course.