All right. So we've understood how Rag or knowledge bases work at a high level. But this exam expects you to know more depth about it. So to do so let's break up the R in rag. So what does that retrieval stage actually do. And how can we split that up and fine tune it more more efficiently. So we can split this up into first of all a pre retrieval stage. So before we do anything with looking up data we need to store data in our underlying vector store somehow first. And the choices we make in that storage make a big difference. So we can choose the granularity in which we're storing data. So am I storing individual sentences of information for context? Am I storing paragraphs? Am I storing just arbitrary fixed lengths of text? Right. Those choices can make a big difference into how much context I have surrounding the information I'm retrieving, and how precise that information is, and how relevant it is to the actual query that I'm executing. So the choices we make and how we store this data makes a big difference in the quality of the response. Also, how we extract that data can make a difference. And when a query comes in, we might choose to actually rewrite that query to make it look up that data more efficiently. So all that's happening before we even retrieve anything at runtime that's pre retrieval Once we've done that, we can actually retrieve the data and how we do that. Well you know that depends on what kind of a vector store we're using. Not terribly interesting. But after we've actually gotten that retrieved data that retrieve context back from our knowledge base, we got to do something with it. Right. So now we're at the post retrieval stage where we need to somehow make sense of that information that we collected. Maybe rerank it, maybe, you know, decide what's most relevant to our query, augment that information further, maybe, and then finally generate our response. So let's dive more deeply into that pre retrieval stage. Right. So it is very important to think about how you store this information in your underlying vector database or whatever database it is that data granularity matters a lot. So you want to have enough to have context around what's being retrieved, but not so much that you're losing the relevancy to the what you're actually looking for. And if it's too small, that's also a problem, right? Because you're going to be picking up these little snippets of text that have no real meaning to themselves. So it's kind of an art, right? So, for example, if I'm building a system that simulates Lieutenant Commander Data, a character from Star Trek The Next Generation, am I going to build that on a database of everything he said right from his scripts in the show. Is that going to be every set of lines that he said. I'm going to break that up line by line. Am I going to split it up into individual sentences? Um, why am I just giving it data lines? Do I need to give other people's lines surrounding those lines to give that more context? Maybe I just want to summarize those lines right. Maybe I don't need the raw data at all. And maybe I could use an LLM for that sort of a thing. So lots of choices you can make here to control the quality of the results that you get back from this system. Now the process of splitting up that information is called chunking. Okay. Very important term. So I've got this huge corpus of data coming in that I need to store in a vector store for my retrieval augmented generation system. How do I split that up? That's called chunking. How I chunk that data up into specific chunks of data that might be relevant to a given query later on. Okay, a little more on chunking in general. So we do need to be careful not to feed more information into the large language model, the foundation model, than it can handle. So some smaller models might have limits on how many tokens they can handle at once. And if I'm giving it back, you know, thousands and thousands and thousands of characters of context, maybe it's going to lose its train of thought there. You know, even if I don't actually hit that limit, having too much information can sometimes send these models off the rails, so sometimes less is more right now. These days, most modern large language models can handle millions of tokens, so not so much of a hard barrier. But again, there's a limit as to what they can process effectively. Another technique is something called semantic chunking. Kind of an interesting one. So um, the idea here is that maybe I can actually use an LLM to do my chunking and say here, large language model. Here's a huge chunk of data that fits within your large context window. You figure out the way to chunk it up, so you figure out what bits of text are semantically similar to each other that kind of convey the same thought, if you will, and have a large language model, think about the best way to split that up. Obviously that gets expensive and costly and takes a lot of time. So you know you don't want to go there if you don't have to, but that is an option. So here's an example of a prompt that you might send to an LLM to decompose content into chunks that make sense. And if you want to read through that, you can it might make it make a little bit more sense. So this is basically out of the original paper that had that idea. So you can have fixed simple rules like every sentence, every paragraph, every certain number of tokens. Or you can do something fancier and actually try to chunk that data up semantically using another foundation model.