All right, so we've built this big fancy retrieval, augmented generated agent system knowledge base thing, right. How do I know if it's any good? So I can't improve it if I can't measure it, right? But it turns out that bedrock has some pretty extensive ways of measuring the performance of a larger agent using retrieval, augmented generation. So some things that can measure are in this list here. But first let me talk about this little diagram on the right. So this is basically the triad of retrieval augmented generation. We have a query coming in. We retrieve context from our knowledge base relevant to that query. And then we generate a response based on both the query and that context that we retrieved. Now along each of these edges there are things we can measure. So as we're retrieving context for query, we can measure how relevant that context is to the original query. Very important. As regenerating a response, we can measure how grounded that response is to the context that we retrieved. And finally, we can measure the relevance of the answer that we produced to the original query. Now there are mathematical ways of measuring all this stuff, and I get into that in more depth in my larger AI engineering course. But bedrock has some, uh, more subjective ways of measuring this stuff so we can measure correctness. How accurate am I in answering the original question? That's kind of the answer. Relevance there. How complete is my answer? How helpful is my answer? How logically cohere is my answer? How faithful is it? How well are the responses aligned with the retrieved context? That's kind of what we're calling groundedness here in this diagram. If I have citations, how precise are those citations and how well are they covering what was retrieved? Am I producing harmful results? Am I doing any stereotyping I might want to try to avoid from this information? Are there like, you know, hidden biases in the context that I'm retrieving that I need to deal with? Is it refusing to answer things at all? You know, is it being evasive when answering questions it doesn't know about? These are all things that bedrock can help you measure. And you might say, well, a lot of that sounds subjective helpfulness. You know, like, how do I know if it's helpful or not? Well, yeah, you have to provide a ground truth of what you consider to be good responses. So the way this all works is that you provide it with a data set of sample prompts, and also a reference set of what a good response to that prompt would look like to you, and also what good contexts would be retrieved for that prompt as well. So you're basically giving it your own subjective evaluation of. For these prompts this is the ideal outcome. This is the ideal context. This is the ideal response that I would get. And then the bedrock evaluation system can use that to measure how close it is. So you give it in JSON format that prompt data set with both the prompts and reference responses. The reference contexts are optional. Okay. So if you want to be able to measure ground truth from your knowledge base, you need that. And then the trick is that bedrock will use another LM, another foundation model as a judge. So it will say, okay, um, here's the prompt, here's what I produced, here's what the system produced. How well does that match up with the reference responses in context and the evaluation model? The judge model, if you will, will decide how good it was. So this is what we call LM as a judge. And we'll talk about this a little bit more later on as well. So you have this other model, maybe it's Lama Nova or Mistral. And the specific metrics that we're going to measure are defined within prompts to that model. So we got one model that's generating your response from this Rag system. From the knowledge base, we have another model that's judging how well it's doing. And different models will do that scoring in different ways. So maybe you want multiple judges, you know you can have multiple models evaluating this and you can see if they agree with each other if you really want to get fancy. Now how this works in specifics I wouldn't worry about that for the exam. But just to give you an example to wrap your head around, here is the documented prompt for measuring context relevance with the Nova Pro model from Amazon. So if you want to read through that, you can kind of get an idea of how these LMS as a judge work and how they evaluate whether a given response matches up with the desired output. And in this case, it's just going to score it as no maybe or yes. All right. So the output is specified as explaining the response and giving a final answer of no maybe or yes. It's giving you the format that it wants to get back and how we'll arrive at that answer. So it's uh, it is subjective to some extent. You know, we're using these fancy foundation models to do that evaluation, but still, it gives you a metric that you can use and try to improve upon. Uh, that should measure how well your rack system is performing.