All right. Let's talk a little bit about multimodal models and multimodal pipelines and what that means. Pretty simple concept. It just means that we're mixing different media types into the same model. That might be text data. It might be images, it might be audio. It might be video, it could be documents, whatever. Right. So basically we have a model that's able to have specialized encoders for all these different data types. And it produces these embedding vectors that allow us to compare these different types of media against each other. Now some models available for bedrock are multimodal natively. A cloud for example, is it can handle images and text or whatever. Amazon Nova as well is multimodal. And Amazon Titan is an embedding model specifically that is multimodal in nature as well. So that's pretty cool, right? It means we could take a picture of a chicken and some text about a chicken and throw them into our multimodal embedding model and get back embedding vectors that are comparable. So then I can search for a chicken and I might get back the image and also the text related to that. And this is going to be important within the retrieval augmented generation stage of things. Right. So as I'm retrieving context about the prompt about chickens, this will allow me to retrieve that data in whatever form it might be that's relevant to the query. So to search I just hit the model for an embedding vector for whatever image, text or video I'm sending in. And that too could be in any format, right? So I could say here's a picture of something. What is it. Right. And I could say, okay, well my embedding model says this is similar to chickens. And it could come back with text about chickens. Right. So it works both ways right. So I can embed embeddings in my Rag system from different types of media type. And I can also take prompts that incorporate different types of media as well through these multimodal models and pipelines. So it just lets us mix and match text, images, audio, video, documents, whatever. It might be a little bit of nitty gritty on how it works. So let's dive into an example using the Titan Multi-Modal embeddings G1 model. So again this is just an embedding model here. The way it works in practice, if you're writing some code to actually embed something where it might be a bit of text, where it might be an image, both are accepted by this particular model. You're going to have to encode this stuff in some consistent way. Now, the specific API for talking to the Titan Multi-Modal embeddings model looks like this on the right. So you pass in the model ID, you pass in input text and or an image, and if it's an image, I need to go in, base64 encode that first. So that's what you're seeing there with that little line in the middle that says base64 dot B64 encode reading up the context of that chicken image and then converting it into UTF eight format so I can send it across so that it kind of looks like text data across the wire, but we know it's image. So then I dumped that into a larger JSON structure where I have input text that contains any text I want to encode. Input image contains that base64 encoded image data that I want to encode. That's what gets sent into the model at the end of the day. All right. And in the case of the Titan model, you can pass in a text or an image or both if you want to at the same time, any of those cases will work fine. Now, if you're doing this, this implies that your data processing pipeline needs to do this at some point, right? So at some point before I hit my model, I need to take those images and base64 encode them in this particular example. And how we do this. Well we'll get to that later on. Maybe we'll use SageMaker. Maybe we'll use glue. Maybe you'll use something else entirely, like something built into bedrock. We'll get to that. All right. However, that's what multimodal models and pipelines are. They just mix and match different media types at the end of the day.