Another thing specifically called out in the exam guide is the AWS Well architected Generative AI lens. What is that? Well, it's not really a service. It's more of a set of best practices that have been defined. So just like we have a well-architected machine learning lens, there's also a well-architected generative AI lens. And it's really just an overview of what generative AI is and best practices for actually using it within a enterprise scenario. So rather than regurgitate the whole thing to you here, I'm going to assign this to you as homework at some point, maybe not now, but sometime before you take the exam, it would be a good idea to read through this. And it is just a bunch of web pages, basically with best practices. And here's a link to it if you need it or just search for it. Um, so every topic that's in this will be covered by the course. So you're not going to miss any important information by not reading this. But again, it's a useful review tool and it's possible the exam will refer to it explicitly. So I do recommend going through this at one point at a high level. The whole well-architected thing is centered around this idea of these different domains all having these six things in common. So no matter what you're doing with AWS, you should care about operational excellence. You should care about security, reliability, performance, efficiency, cost optimization, and sustainability. And the whole point of the Well-Architected framework is to map all these domains, such as generative AI, to best practices in all six of those pillars, if you will. So that's the idea of the well-architected generative AI lens. And at a very high level, this is how it's structured. So it starts off with the concept of this generative AI lifecycle. And this is probably worth knowing. So we start off by scoping what we want to do with generative AI application. You know what are we actually trying to accomplish. That's a good thing to define. Once we know what we want to do, we can select the model that's appropriate to that task. Right. And maybe that model off the shelf doesn't do what we want to do. Quite so. But we can customize it or fine tune it or augment it to meet our needs. So that's where the model customization part of the cycle comes in. Once I have a model and I've customized it, I can start building on top of it. So that's the development and integration stage. When I'm done developing and integrating, I can deploy it and I can measure its results and continually improve it. And maybe I can go back and scope some more and start the cycle anew and build more and more stuff on top of this application. So this is how the generative AI lens defines the generative AI lifecycle kind of common sense. But um, these sort of specific orders or the sorts of things that the exam likes to test you on in those, uh, ordered question types that they have now. So one of the newer exam question types is saying, here's five things. Put them in the right order. Um, well, there's things that might be in the right order. So you might want to might want to pay attention to that one.