In this video, I'll introduce Aurora and we'll spend some time learning about the overall architecture and how Aurora databases work. So Aurora is an AWS only relational database. These Aurora database instances run only in AWS, but they support the open source interfaces of MySQL and Postgres. And so MySQL code can run just fine on Aurora. You can also choose Postgres instead of MySQL. Both of these are supported on Aurora databases and it is heavily optimized. So MySQL and Postgres are open source database solutions. Aurora is going to give us about three times the performance of Postgres and five times the performance of MySQL. And so it's heavily optimized to make it perform like a commercial database solution. We also have automatic failover protection. With Aurora we can failover to a secondary replicated instance in under a minute in most cases. And this failover automatically occurs. Aurora supports up to 15 read replicas that support auto scaling, so we can automatically add and remove read replicas in response to changes in demand. There's also auto scaling storage, so when data is written to the Aurora instance, if we're starting to run out of storage capacity, additional storage capacity can automatically be added. And then we also have support for an Aurora global database, which can be spread across multiple regions. So let's start by taking a look at the basic architecture here. Here we have our primary database instance. And a lot of the concepts here are going to be very similar to RDS. So in this case we've got an Aurora database instance. And this is the primary instance. It supports reads and writes. And every aurora cluster has one instance that's considered a primary instance. And we can also have some replicas. So we can have up to 15 read replicas. These support read operations, but just like RDS, all of the write operations need to be performed on the primary. And we can have replicas in different availability zones. Now these are very different than read replicas in RDS. And the biggest difference is these replicas provide high availability. Aurora can automatically fail over to one of these replicas if the primary database instance fails. That wasn't possible with read replicas in RDS. And you can even specify the failover priority for different replicas. So if I have multiple replicas, I can choose which one is going to take over if the primary database instance fails. For storage, we have something called a cluster volume. This is SSD storage, and even if we're running a primary instance with no replicas, this cluster volume is still used. So the contents of the database are spread across storage systems in three availability zones, and the primary can read and write to this cluster volume. Any changes to the database are written to this cluster volume across all three availability zones. So now we have a copy of all of our database contents in multiple availability zones, even if we're not using replicas. But in this case we are using replicas. And the replicas are providing scaling, but they're also providing high availability. And the replicas will read from the copies of the data in their own availability zones. The database instances within the cluster must be in the three availability zones that the cluster volume resides in. So let's imagine that we have a primary instance and we have a single Aurora replica. And because of the cluster volume that we're using, there's already a copy of all of the required data in the three availability zones shown here. So when a new replica is created, there is no need to create a snapshot. There's no need to copy all of that data with RDS. If we wanted to create a read replica, we had to wait for all of the data to be copied. We had to wait for a snapshot to be created. But with Aurora, the storage is independent of the instances. So we've got this cluster volume. If I create a new replica in our cluster, it will simply attach to the cluster volume. So there's a big difference between the architecture of Aurora and RDS. And just to reiterate, some of the most important pieces of that with Aurora, just like RDS, we're going to have a primary database. We're going to have one database instance that serves as the primary that is performing all of the write operations. We can also have replicas, but unlike RDS, we can fail over to these replicas. Also, unlike RDS, even if we only have a primary database instance, we're still going to have this cluster volume that is spread across three availability zones. Any changes are written to all three availability zones, and that way when I add a new replica, it can just access the existing storage within its own availability zone. And we don't have to create a snapshot in order to spin up a new replica.