In this video, I'll demonstrate how to create an Aurora database cluster, and we are going to create a provisioned database cluster. So we're not using serverless at this point. We're going to create a cluster with on demand provisioned instances. So here I am in the AWS console I'm going to go to RDS. And we're going to have to go to RDS in order to set up an Aurora cluster. So I'll just click on Create Database. And I'm going to go with the standard create option. And then we're going to choose Aurora MySQL compatible. Or we could choose Aurora Postgres compatible. I'm just going to stick with MySQL. And the next thing that I'm going to choose is do I want to show versions that enable the global database feature. So I'm going to do that. I'm only going to use database versions that support the global database feature, because I plan to enable that later on. I also only want to show versions that support Aurora serverless version two as well. And based upon that, we can see all of the versions of Aurora that support those options that I've chosen. So I'm just going to pick the default option that comes up, and then I can choose do I want to do a production environment or a dev test environment? I'm just going to go with production so that we can have high availability. And I'm only going to keep this up and running for a little while. So it really doesn't matter. Even though the production option is probably going to be more expensive. That's okay. And then I'll just establish an identifier for my database cluster, and I'm going to use the default master username. And then I'll go ahead and put in my master password here. And then I can scroll down and I can choose what kind of cluster storage configuration do I want to utilize. I'm going to go with Aurora standard. And in most use cases Aurora standard is going to work just fine for me. Now if I need higher levels of performance, and if I'm going to have more read and write IO operations, then I might want to choose Aurora IO optimized. However, the version of MySQL that I've chosen does not support Aurora IO optimized. I have to choose at least version 3.03.1 or later. That's okay though, because I'm not going to use Aurora IO optimized in this case anyhow. And now I can choose the types of instances that I want to add to this cluster. And like I said, this is going to be a provisioned cluster. I'm going to choose between either memory optimized instances or Burstable classes. I'm going to choose from Burstable. Now notice I could choose the serverless instance type here. We'll see that demonstrated later on. And so in this case I'm just going to choose something that's relatively inexpensive here I'm going to choose the T4G medium. I can also show older instance classes as well. So if I were to click this little slider here we can see the older generations. But typically you don't really want to do that. You want to stick with one of the newer generations. So I'm going to choose the T4G medium. And then next I need to choose the availability and durability. So do I want to create a replica in a different availability zone? If I choose not to do that, we can still fail over. The big difference is if I don't create a replica, then the failover process is going to involve actually spinning up that replica during the failover process. So I am going to create an aurora replica in a different availability zone. And then under connectivity, the main thing that I'm going to do is select my VPC. Now, if I want to automatically configure security groups to allow access from an EC2 instance, I can do that here. I'm not going to do that though. I'm just going to choose to not connect to an EC2 compute resource. And then I'll choose the VPC that I want to create this in. I'm going to put it in my demo VPC, and within that VPC I have created multiple subnets in multiple availability zones. Those subnets make up my subnet group. So the subnet group setting is basically the same thing for Aurora as it is for RDS. So is the public access setting. I don't want to assign a public IP address to this aurora cluster. So I'm going to choose no here. And then I'll choose the security group. And I have a security group that I've already created called RDS demo. Notice you can apply multiple security groups to these Aurora instances. So I don't have to apply just one or the other. I could actually apply both. I can also create an RDS proxy here. Now this is going to cost more. But what it's essentially going to do is it is going to act as a proxy for all of the incoming connections and reduce some of the workload on the Aurora instances that would normally have to handle all of that connection management. I'm not going to enable that in this case. But if I wanted to, I could. And then finally I can specify the port that's going to be used for the database. So this port is the port that I'm going to need to make sure is open within one of these security groups. And again I'm just going to go with the default option for password authentication. But I could use IAM here as well if I wanted to do so. I'm going to leave Performance Insights enabled. And I'm going to go with the free tier here. And I'm also going to use the default KMS key to encrypt the contents of my database. Now I'm going to expand the additional configuration area here. And I'm going to specify an initial database name here. I can choose from different parameter groups if I've configured those here. But I'm just going to go with the defaults. And then I can set the failover priority. So you can provide a failover priority to each instance in the Aurora cluster. And it can be anywhere from zero all the way up to 15. That's because we can have a maximum of 16 nodes within an aurora cluster. And so the nodes that have higher failover priorities, those are the ones that will take over first. If they're down, it'll move on to the lower priorities. And then we have some backup options. So for the automated backups again this is very similar to RDS. I can choose how long I want to retain them for from anywhere from 1 to 35 days. So I'm going to have those automated backups that occur every day, and they're going to be retained for whatever period I specify here. I can choose whether or not I want the tags to be copied to my snapshots. So if I am tagging the Aurora cluster, I can copy those tags to my snapshots. I'm going to enable encryption using the default encryption key. And then we have the option for backtrack. So backtrack is going to give me a point in time restore that's going to allow me to restore my database to a specific point in time. And by the way, the restore process with Aurora is different than it is with us. When we restore here, we're going to do an in-place restore. You're not going to restore to a new database instance. You're going to restore your data to the same database instance. And so I can enable backtrack here to give me the capability to restore to any point in time during the window that I specify here. Now notice this is going to come at an additional cost. So I'm actually going to just go ahead and disable backtrack here. And then the options are the same as they are for us. For maintenance, I can specify a maintenance window where changes and maintenance activities are going to occur. I can also enable deletion protection to prevent the database from being deleted accidentally. I'm just going to disable that. And that's it. So now we have the ability to set up the database. I can just click Create Database here and it'll start actually creating the new Aurora cluster. And so I'm not going to create a ElastiCache or use RDS proxy here. I'll just hit close. And you can see it's going through the process of creating the cluster. And we have one instance that's going to be the primary. And we have instances that are going to be readers. And so I'm just going to pause my recording while this database is completely created. And we'll resume once it's all done. Okay. So now we can see that my database cluster is ready to go. I've got my cluster shown here. You can see the little minus to collapse it and plus to expand it. And within the cluster there is one instance that is my writer that's going to handle all of the write operations. And one instance that is my reader. And if I click on the cluster itself, let's scroll down and look at connectivity and security. You can see there's two endpoints listed here. One of them is for my writer endpoint. So I'm going to configure my database clients to send all of the write operations to this endpoint. And here is my reader endpoint. And so the reader endpoint is going to be a single reader endpoint. Even if I have multiple reader instances. And we can even look at the individual instances here and see what the endpoint is for those. And so let's go back to the cluster. And under configuration you can see what we've configured here. This is a provisioned cluster with a single master. It's not multi master. We can see that it's spread across two different availability zones. Now I can make some configuration changes to this cluster as well. So if I were to go to actions here I could do things like add an additional reader instance to this cluster. I could create a read replica in a different AWS region, and I could take an on demand snapshot as well. I can also create a clone of this cluster, and I can also restore to a specific point in time. You can see Backtrack is grayed out because I have not enabled that feature. And so now we have a fully functional aurora cluster that's ready to go.