In this video, I'll demonstrate how to create an Aurora serverless database cluster. And so in the last video you saw how to add serverless to an existing Aurora cluster. Now we're going to create a new cluster from scratch. So I'm going to go to RDS. And we're going to click Create Database. And what we're going to do is choose Aurora. I'm going to stick with MySQL compatible here. And we can pick the database engine. And as we saw in the prior videos I'm going to filter out what I want to see here. I only want to show versions that support the global database feature and that support Aurora serverless version two. And so yeah, I'll pick one of these versions here. I'm just going to choose one at random here. And a lot of the other settings are very similar to what we've already seen. So I'm not going to spend a ton of time going through many of these settings that we've already learned. I'll just give my database an identifier. I'll set up a master username and password, and I'll choose do I want to use Aurora Standard Storage or Aurora I o optimized? I'm just going to go with Aurora standard. And instead of choosing a specific instance class here I'm going to choose serverless version two. And here I can set the minimum and maximum Aurora capacity units. And so I can go anywhere from 0.5 to 128GB. I'll just stick with the defaults here. Do I want to create an aurora replica in a different availability zone? So we still need to do that here. If we want high availability across multiple availability zones, we can get that even if we don't create an Aurora replica. But it's going to take much longer to fail over. So I'm going to go ahead and create a replica in a different availability zone, and I'm not going to set up any security group rules for an existing EC2 instance, so I'll leave that as is. I'm going to choose my VPC here and my subnet group, again, very similar to what we've been doing all along. I'm not going to set it up for public access, and I'm going to choose an existing security group to apply to it. I'm just going to choose my demo security group. And I'm just going to stick with the standard database authentication. I'm going to stick with the free tier here and retain my backups for seven days. And then there's some additional configuration options that I can choose here. I'm going to provide an initial database name, and I'm just going to use the default parameter group. And I'm going to stick with the default failover priority. And I'm going to retain backups for one day and enable encryption here. So many of the common options that we've already been setting up in many of the past videos are going to apply here the same way they always have. Creating a serverless database is pretty much the identical process as we were creating a provisioned aurora cluster. The big difference is now all of these instances are going to be serverless instances and are going to automatically scale based on changes in demand.