One of the areas covered by the exam is machine learning system architecture, and specifically the best practices at Amazon has defined for designing your machine learning systems. So I didn't make this up. This is straight from Amazon, so pay attention. One thing to consider when designing a system is responsible AI, and these are the core dimensions. Amazon defines for the responsible development of AI applications and you know good on them for thinking about this. You know there's a lot of people using AI, perhaps irresponsibly. So here are some things to think about to make sure that you're using this technology for the power of good. You want to consider the fairness of the application that you're developing. You know, is it going to be biased or not? In some unintentional way? It's explainability can be important for responsible AI. Can you explain why it made its output? Why did it say something you know, can you go back and figure out why it said something wrong and fix that if it's not explainable, you can't. Privacy and security. Are you being careful not to let it be trained on private, personally identifiable information or sensitive information is your AI system potentially a conduit for leaking that information out to others unintentionally? You want to make sure it doesn't even get in there, and you have guardrails in place to make sure it's master removed if it does slip through. Safety, controllability and veracity and robustness. Um, safety is kind of a broad term, right? You know, it just means, well, do people feel safe when they're using this system? Is it going to explode in unintentional ways? Kind of a broad, uh, meta concern there. Controllability. Do you have any control over the output of this thing? Again, that ties back to explainability in terms of being able to understand what's going on. You can't really control it if you don't understand it. But do you have knobs and dials at your disposal to make sure you can control the behavior of this system if you do need to tune it or change it later on. Veracity and robustness, of course. Does it tell the truth? You know, generative AI is prone to hallucinations, they call it these days. And, well, you want to be sure you can measure that and you have a handle on just how truthful your system is and whether that's within your acceptable limits for your application. Governance. Um, how do I know what this thing is doing? How do I keep tabs on it? How do I communicate what it's doing to others? How do I make sure that I'm in compliance with any relevant regulations? Different countries have different laws about AI, and you want to make sure you're in compliance with all of them. Transparency sounds related to explainability, but really it's more about just being transparent about what your system does. So are you publishing the limitations of your model, the capabilities of your model, the shortcomings that it may have? You know, you want to be transparent about what your model can and cannot do. There are some tools available to enforce these within AWS, so this is tying it back to AWS and some more technical considerations. Amazon Bedrock, which is the bedrock of Amazon's generative AI capabilities, has model evaluation tools built into it. So using bedrock, if you were to develop a LLM agent or an image generation model or anything else on top of the suite of foundation models that are offered by Amazon Bedrock, they have tools for evaluating the accuracy of that, or for throwing a set of test prompts at it and evaluating if their responses match the ideal responses or not. So they do have mechanisms for evaluating even non-deterministic LLM models. SageMaker clarify is also a tool in your arsenal for responsible AI. SageMaker clarify can automatically detect bias in your data sets that are being used to train it and also in the output. So we can say, okay, for this feature, is there some imbalance in that data that we need to be aware of and potentially address and fix? You also have tools within SageMaker to fix those biases if they do exist, by rebalancing the data that you have or maybe even introducing new data. It also has model evaluation capabilities. So it has the ability to evaluate your model not just as a one off, but also continuously as it's being run. And feed that information back into SageMaker to maybe to tune your model continuously. Explainability. It also has the ability to look at what happens if you remove a given feature and what impact that has on the output. So it can say, okay, the output is actually being driven primarily by these features in your training data. So you can say, you know, if I if I'm feeding it information about, I don't know, age and um, what else, you know, income, where you live, things like that. And you're trying to create a model that can predict something like whether this person should be approved for a loan. You can go back and use SageMaker. Clarify Clarifies explainability features to determine which of those features is most contributing to that final decision, and that can also help you with your feature selection, your, um, your feature engineering later on SageMaker model monitor is another tool at your disposal that allows you to automatically get alerts for inaccurate responses so you can keep an eye on your model once it's been deployed, and get an alarm if it's doing naughty things. Amazon augmented AI is also a tool that can be used for responsible AI that allows you to insert humans in the loop. So if you want to have human beings that are double checking these results before they go out, or maybe even involving them in the training process, things like reinforcement learning from human feedback is a popular technique for sort of training your model on which of two responses is better, and fine tuning your model in that way. So oftentimes there's a lot more human involvement in training these models than you might think. There's not as much A and AI as you might think. However, you know, I should point out that this too can be irresponsible. You know, keep in mind that if you are leveraging a team of people in a developing country, um, well, maybe that's not responsible. You might be exploiting them, right? Amazon augmented AI, however, allows you to bring your own team if you want to. So you have complete control over who's doing that work. Or you can use their own AWS managed teams as well. And there are some general tools for SageMaker for ML governance. SageMaker ML governance is not the name of a service, it's just a heading for this set of features here. One thing is SageMaker role manager. So that allows you to define roles for groups of people that are using SageMaker and define their permissions for what they can and cannot do. There's also model cards where you can define high level information about a model that you've developed using SageMaker, and publish that that gets back to transparency, right. So a screenshot of that is over here on the right, where you can start off by just documenting what the intended use of this model is, what its risks are, what the risks might be, you know, explain that. Just general information about what the limitations and risks of this model might be. And again, just publishing that in a way that's easily consumable. They also offer a model dashboard that gives you quick access to all of the models you've been using within SageMaker, and you can dig into those further from there.