On to the next step in our machine learning system life cycle. That's the machine learning problem framing. How am I going to frame this business goal as a machine learning system? So to do that, we need to understand the machine learning lifecycle itself. And there's a lot going on in this diagram. So let's kind of walk through it here. When you're building a machine learning system, the first thing you need to do is collect the data that you need to train it with. You know, for generative AI, large language models, that might be a bunch of text, maybe for images, it's a bunch of images, whatever it might be, you need to figure out where you're going to get that data from and get it in one place so it can be processed and used for training. Usually that data cannot be used in a raw fashion, so you need to pre-process that data somehow, prepare it, and also do feature engineering, you know, select which of that, what pieces of that data are the most valuable for your model, and maybe reformat that into a way that needs to be used for training. You know, maybe you need to one hot encode some of these features or normalize those features, whatever it might be, before they're suitable for feeding to your model directly. There's a lot of arrows going on here, a lot of things going in different directions. Right. So as we're preparing that data, we might also store off information about those features in a feature store. So there's something called the SageMaker feature store that we'll talk about. And there can be an online feature store and also an offline feature store that are used in different settings. We'll talk about that more later on. But as we're preparing the data, those feature stores might be getting populated as well. And later on that might be fed into both the training, tuning and evaluation step and also to the deployment step if it needs to go back and reference some of that original data to augment its results. Right. All right. So once we have the data prepared we're going to train our model using it. We're going to tune that model. You know make sure that we're going back and fine tuning it and optimizing it and evaluating it over time. Right. So the model itself kind of lives in this little box. But there's a lot going on in that box. Right. That box is ingesting not only are prepared and engineered data, also it might be pulling data from our feature store either online or offline. And there's also some feedback loops that we'll get back to later on. But oh, the other thing too is that this might dump out into a model registry. So that little green arrow path there. Once we have a model, we might want to keep track of that model, store it off somewhere and make sure that we have some sort of a versioning in place so we can go back and test that version of the model over time. That model registry will just document what versions of the model we've had, what they did, and kind of document the evolution of that model and make it reproducible. Once we have a model that we're happy with, we can deploy it out to the outside world. And again, that might draw from the model registry to pull in the model that we want to deploy. It might pull in information from our feature store and also the data itself, if it wants to augment the information coming out of that model with some of the original data. And once that model is out there in production, that's what we call real time inference. Some application is hitting that in real time to infer what the response should be for a given prompt or input. Right. So the thing that customers care about, the application is going to go through some sort of a monitor to make sure it's doing what we want it to do, and that the quality of the results are where we want it to be And that monitor might be hooked up to some alarm manager to make sure that your alarm or something goes horribly wrong, or something's drifting out of bounds. And there might also be a scheduler in place to run that monitor regularly over time. Right. Also, there's a performance feedback loop here and an active learning feedback loop. So as we get results from that model monitor, maybe we can use that to tune our results over time. So if it says hey, I'm seeing some drift here, maybe we can automatically adjust the bias in the data to compensate for that. And also as new data is being generated by the application, maybe we want to feed that back into the training, right. So as users use this system, they might be generating more data that we can use to learn from. And we want to feed that into our data that's used to train the model as well. So not too hard to wrap your head around, right? There's a lot of boxes, lots of arrows here, but it's not too hard to wrap your head around. That's the machine learning life cycle. So now that we understand what we're trying to do, how do we apply our best practices to that process? Well, number one, establish machine learning roles and responsibilities. And the part you want to pay attention to in these forthcoming slides is what SageMaker services and features can I apply to make these recommendations reality? And in this case, SageMaker Role Manager is a tool you will use to establish the machine learning roles and responsibilities. What can the users of your system do when it comes to modeling? You know, training your model, tuning that model, deploying that model. That's where you define who can do what within your team. The SageMaker role manager. You also want to prepare a machine learning profile template, and that's just a matter of documenting the resources required for building your model. You want to establish model improvement strategies and some tools you can use for improving your model within AWS. Our SageMaker experiments, where you can basically run tests of different models and changes to those models and measure the impact it has on the output. They also have automatic hyperparameter optimization. So you can say, okay, these are the knobs and dials I have for my model. How can I automatically experiment with different settings of those parameters and converge on the optimal settings for them? That could be an expensive and time consuming process, but with hyperparameter optimization and SageMaker it can be automated and optimized. Also AutoML. That's just the SageMaker system that can automatically try to choose the best model for what you're trying to achieve, and automatically tune it for your end result. We'll get into more detail about all these systems, by the way. We want to establish a lineage tracker system, and that's what SageMaker lineage tracking is. It's just keeping track of what the stages in your machine learning pipeline are. And that ties into SageMaker pipelines, which defines those processes that make up your larger system. Kind of like the diagram that we looked at earlier. SageMaker studio, which gives you a IDE, if you will, for experimenting with those and defining what they are. The SageMaker feature store that keeps track of what the features are and how they've evolved over time, that are being used to train your system, and also the SageMaker model registry, which provides a repository for your trained models. You want to establish feedback loops across the machine learning lifecycle phases. So how do I make sure that my model is getting better over time and learning from its own performance? SageMaker Model Monitor is the standard tool for that. It can keep an eye on the output of your model and see if things are drifting, or introducing biases you might not want. CloudWatch can be used at an operational level to make sure that your systems are up and running, and operating within the latencies and availability you require. Also, Amazon augmented AI can be used to insert humans in the loop and introduce continuous human evaluation of the output. Sometimes algorithms and metrics can't capture the quality of a generative AI system, and you need humans to be evaluating that quality to see. Well, are these good results from a human standpoint? And A-to-i Amazon augmented AI is a tool that allows you to do that and insert those humans into your workflow. You also want to review the fairness and explainability of your system of your models over time. Again, SageMaker clarify being an important tool for detecting bias in your model and going off and doing something about it. You also want to design data encryption and obfuscation. So if you have any sort of sensitive data or personal information in your system at all, you want to make sure you're identifying that and keeping it secure. And AWS glue Databrew is a tool that allows you to manipulate that data and do some data pre-processing, including PII detection and masking. You can use APIs to abstract change from model consuming applications, so you don't want your applications to be tied at the hip to some specific version of your model. You want to define an API so that they can continue to run the way that they were. But under the hood, there's a change to the model that they don't even need to know about from the application standpoint. Right. So using SageMaker together with API gateway is a way of establishing an API to your model in SageMaker that can be consumed by your applications, and by having that more stable API, it means you don't have to change your application as often. You want to adopt a machine learning microservice strategy. So, you know, you might need a little services that support your application and provide an augment data to the models output. You can do that using AWS Lambda and Fargate for deployment of images that might support your larger application. Use purpose built AI and ML services and resources, so don't reinvent the wheel. Use Amazon SageMaker. Use SageMaker Jumpstart to get a jump start on using specific models and solving specific problems. There are also a suite of solutions in the AWS marketplace you might be able to draw from. So. So it's not always necessary to start from scratch and reinvent the wheel. There are tools available that you can use at least as a starting point. Define your relevant evaluation metrics. How am I going to measure the success of this system over time? And how am I going to monitor that over time and at a higher level. Is machine learning even the right solution for what I'm trying to do? You know, again, you don't want to be working forwards from machine learning or generative AI. You want to be working backwards from the value you're providing to your customers and generative AI. Machine learning. It's not always the right solution. And even if it is, there might be a much more simple machine learning algorithm that would meet your goals in a more simple and less expensive fashion. Now, I want to point out that one of the stated goals of this exam is to test if you know how to control costs for machine learning applications. So that is one such thing as we go through each one of these phases of the life cycle that you see at the bottom of the screen here. The last ones are generally going to be the ones that are aimed at sustainability and cost reduction. And those are especially important to pay attention to. Also do a trade off analysis on custom versus pre-trained models. So training new models is expensive right? So again this gets down to cost control and sustainability. If there's a pre-trained model out there that you can reuse Use, then reuse it. Don't reinvent the wheel. You know, if you just need to do image recognition of common objects, there are pre-trained models out there that will do it for you. And maybe you can just fine tune that build on top of it as opposed to starting from scratch. Also consider AI services and pre-trained models kind of what we just said, but just in a different word. This is just under a different heading here under sustainability instead of cost reduction. But again, training models is a very intensive thing in terms of resources and energy. If you can reuse an existing system out there, uh, do so. And if you do need to do some heavy duty computing, at least select sustainable regions. There are some regions that are more sustainable than others where they have greener energy sources than others. So. So, for example, the West Coast of the United States has more hydroelectric power than the East Coast does. So you do need to think about where you're running these services and where their energy comes from. When you're considering the sustainability and the environmental impact of what you're developing.