Finally, we're at the monitoring stage of the life cycle here, and you might think this might be a quick section, but actually Amazon has quite a few best practices surrounding monitoring. There's more to it than you might think. The basic tools you're going to use for model observability and tracking are going to be SageMaker Model Monitor, of course CloudWatch to monitor the underlying systems. SageMaker clarify model cards. Well, that's more about observability. It's just kind of like a governance thing, really. And SageMaker lineage tracking to make sure you know what's going where. Synchronize your architecture and configuration and check for skew across environments. So that's where cloud formation and model monitor might come into play. Making sure that you know what your architecture is in cloud formation and monitoring it for skew using model monitor. You want to make sure that you have secure inference endpoints to make sure that only people intended to consume this model can do so. You can use tools like logging Amazon GuardDuty and Amazon Macie to monitor your human interactions with the data for anomalous activity. So if people are injecting personally identifiable information or something, or doing things that they shouldn't be doing. These are all tools that you can use to detect that activity. Allow automatic scaling of the model endpoint. So yeah, you uh, monitoring becomes less important when problems are automatically dealt with. Right. So automatic scaling elastic inference. These are ways to make sure that you don't get woken up in the middle of the night because of some surge of traffic to your model. Ensure a recoverable endpoint with managed version control. Some tools you might use for that are ECR, CloudFormation, Codecommit and SageMaker. Pipelines and projects. Just basic version control the ability to roll back to an earlier version. Evaluate model explainability. Again, clarify can be used to at least tell you what features made the most impact, and tell you if that's changing over time. Evaluate data drift. Again, clarify can tell you if a bias is creeping into your model over time and using clarify, model, monitor and OpenSearch. Perhaps to visualize that information can help you to monitor, detect and handle model performance degradation over time. You want to have an automated retraining framework, so you don't want to have to think about it too much. If you need to retrain your model with new data, because that's going to happen all the time, right? SageMaker pipelines, Amazon Step functions, or is it AWS step functions? It's hard to keep track of what's AWS and Amazon, right? I'm not sure there's a rule for that. Jenkins also a tool for that review. Updated data and features for retraining SageMaker Data Wrangler can help you to explore the data coming in to train your model over time, and understand if that's changing in its nature. Over time, you can also introduce humans to keep an eye on your system. Amazon augmented AI can be used to take your own fleet of people or an Amazon. Amazon manage team and use that to just ask them, you know, how good are the results of this model? Are they getting better or worse over time? And measure that using actual human judgment? And as these machine learning systems and AI systems become more and more human like in their responses, maybe the best way to evaluate how good they are is using humans. Monitor usage and cost by your machine learning activities. Tagging and budgets are going to be useful tools for understanding where your money is going. Keeping an eye on that. Monitor your return on investment. So at a business standpoint, maybe QuickSight can be used to make sure that the end result of this model is justifying its existence. Monitor endpoint usage and right size the instance fleet CloudWatch SageMaker autoscaling are tools for making sure you have just the right number of servers for what you're trying to do. And also a little tip this might show up. Using Amazon FSX for lustre instead of S3 is often a good choice if you're doing large scale training. When we get into Amazon's systems that are designed for training models with trillions of parameters, part of their solution for that is using Amazon FSX instead of S3. It's just got more bandwidth. Measure your material efficiency. That's an important metric that people don't pay attention to enough I think. Um, material efficiency is the cost of your provisioned resources over the revenue produced by the business outcomes or more generally, provisioned resources over business outcomes. Are you getting back a good bang for the buck? Here is the cost of running this service more than the business value you're getting. Unfortunately, for a lot of people, the answer is yes. It's costing me more than I'm making and they don't even know it because they're not measuring material efficiency. Very important to pay attention to because these systems, again, are not cheap, and the value they're providing to your business might be hard to capture. Training is expensive, so only retrain when necessary. Define what accuracy is acceptable in your system and only retrain if you have to. If you find that your model has drifted to the point where it's no longer meeting your business goals, then retrain. Don't retrain just for the fun of it. You can use SageMaker Model Monitor, SageMaker pipelines, and AWS Step Functions Data science SDK as tools for automating that training in response and understanding when that training needs to happen