Welcome Back! By now, you have got some overview of Apache Spark and also got access to various Spark development environments. And I am assuming you can easily answer the following questions. What is Apache Spark? Simple! A distributed computing platform. Right? What do we do with Apache Spark? Again a simple question. We create programs and execute them on a Spark Cluster. Right? The answer to the second question brings two more questions. How do we create Spark Programs? And How do we execute Spark programs on a Spark Cluster? This entire course is all about the first question. You will learn that as we progress with the training. But before we start creating Spark programs, I want to answer the second question. Executing Spark program is not so simple and straightforward. You must have some good sense of Spark Architecure and execution model. So, this entire section is dedicated for understanding Spark Execution Model and the Architecture. Let's start with the straight question. How to execute Spark Programs? We have two methods to run spark programs. Interactive Clients and Submit a Job I already showed you Spark installations. You learned about command-line Spark Shell and web-based Notebooks. Both of these are interactive clients. And they offer you an easy method to run your spark programs. Both of these will allow you to run your Spark code line-by-line and get the output back on your console. Most of the people will use them for learning or during the development phase. Interactive clients are best suitable for exploration purposes. But ultimately, all your exploration will end up into a full-fledged Spark application. Isn't it? You may want to develop a stream processing application or a batch processing job, Spark supports both. For example, you might want to read a news feed as a continuous stream. Then you want to apply a machine-learning algorithm to figure out the type of users that might be interested in each news and redirect the story to those users. You may also want to create a batch job. For example, my YouTube statistics. In this case, we collect the data for 24 hours and start a scheduled spark job to compute the watch-time minutes for the last 24 hours. Finally, the outcome goes to a table and also appears on the dashboard. Right? In both the scenarios, a stream processing Job or a periodic batch job, you must package your application and submit it to the Spark cluster for execution. And that's the second method for executing your programs on a Spark Cluster. For a production use case, you will be using this technique. Apache Spark comes with a spark-submit utility to allow you to submit your Spark jobs to the cluster. We will learn more about it in a separate video, and I will show you how to use spark-submit and various options offered by the tool. Great! So you got your answer to the main question. How to execute Spark Programs? You can run your Spark applications using one of the following methods. Spark shell and Notebooks are the main interactive tools. Whereas the Spark Submit is the primary tool for submitting a Spark program to the cluster. We use interactive clients for learning, development, and exploration.  Still, a real-life production implementation is all about packaging your Spark application and submitting it to the cluster for execution. Spark-submit is the most commonly used tool for this purpose. However, most of the Spark vendors are going to offer you some other alternatives. For example, Databricks Cloud will allow you to submit the Notebook itself, and you do not need to package your application and use the spark-submit tool. Most of the cloud-based Spark vendors will also allow you to use Rest APIs or a web-based interface to submit your packaged Spark application. And they internally take care of running the job on the Spark cluster. All those methods are vendor-specific, but spark-submit is a universally accepted method and works in almost all cases. Great! That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep growing.