Welcome Back! You already learned that we develop Spark applications and submit them to the Spark Cluster for execution. However, we still don't know how Spark is going to execute our application on a distributed cluster. Spark is a distributed processing engine. Right? So, So, how is the Spark distributed processing model works? And that's the topic for this video. Spark applies a master-slave architecture to every application. So, when we submit our application to the Spark, it is going to create a master process for your application. This master process is then going to create a bunch of slaves to distribute the work and complete your job. You can think of these as runtime containers with some dedicated CPU and memory. In Spark terminology, the master is a driver, and the slaves are the executors. But remember, I am not talking about the cluster. The cluster itself might have a master-node and a bunch of slave nodes. But those things are part of the cluster and are managed by the cluster manager. I am talking about your application and the containers. So, the Spark engine is going to ask for a container from the underlying cluster manager to start the driver process. Once started, the driver is again going to ask for some more containers to start the executor process. And this happens for each application. Let me explain with a simple example. Suppose you are using the spark-submit utility, and you submitted an application A1. Now Spark engine will request the cluster manager to give a container and start a driver process for A1. Once started, the driver will ask for some more containers from the cluster manager and start slave executors. And that's all. Now your driver and executors are responsible for running your application code and doing the job that you wanted. Let's assume you submitted one more application, A2. Now the A2 is going to repeat the same. That means the spark engine will request a container and start the A2 driver. Then the A2 driver is going to ask some more containers and start the A2 executors. And in all this, A1 and A2 are two independent applications. Both of them are following a master-salve architecture and have their own dedicated driver and executors. The point is straight. Every spark application applies a master-slave architecture and runs independently on the cluster. And that is how Spark is a distributed computing platform. Make sense? Great! That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep growing.