Welcome Back! In the earlier lecture, I talked about what happens when you submit your application to the Spark cluster. And you learned about the driver and the executors running in containers on the cluster. However, most of the Spark development happens on a local machine or using an interactive tool such as spark-shell or notebooks. So we still have two open questions. How Spark runs your application on a local machine when we do not have a cluster and a cluster manager. And the next question is about how Spark runs our application when we use interactive tools. Because in that case, we do not submit the application to the Spark cluster. This lecture is going to answer both of these questions. Let's start with the first question. How does Spark run on a local machine? You can execute a Spark application on your local machine without even having a real cluster. And we have already done that in an earlier video. Do you remember the Pycharm IDE setup? We executed a HelloSpark program from the IDE. Right? So what happened to the notion of the driver and the executors? Well, you can configure your application to run on a variety of clusters, and the Spark engine is compatible with the following cluster managers. Let me show you. So here is a configuration that tells about the target cluster manager. I used local[3]. In this case, Spark runs locally as a multi-threaded application. In the case of my example, I configured it to start three threads, and that's what the three means. You can have 2, 3, 5, or whatever number you want. If you simply say local and do not give any number, then it becomes a single-threaded application. So, when you configure your application to run with a single local thread, then you will have a driver only and no executors. And in that case, your driver is forced to do everything itself. Nothing happens in parallel. However, when you run your application with three local threads, then your application will have one dedicated thread for the driver and two executor threads. And this local cluster manager is designed for running, testing, and debugging your spark application locally. This technique is nothing but a simulation of distributed client-server architecture using multiple threads so we can test our application locally. Make sense? Great! We will learn more about these other cluster managers in a later video. Now let's move to the next question. How Does Spark run with an interactive tool? Spark gives you a choice to run your application in one of the following modes. The Client mode is designed for interactive clients . such as spark-shell and the notebooks In this mode, the Spark driver process runs locally at your client machine. However, the driver still connects to the cluster manager and starts all the executors on the cluster. And this is a powerful feature for submitting interactive queries and receiving results back to your client. And that is how your spark-shell and the Notebooks are working. However, if you are quitting your client or you log off from your client machine, then your driver dies, and hence the executors will also die in the absence of the driver. So, client mode is suitable for interactive work but not for long-running jobs. The cluster mode is designed to submit your application to the cluster and let it run. In this mode, everything runs on the cluster. Your driver, as well as the executors. Once you submit your application to run in cluster mode, you can log off from the client machine, and your driver is not impacted because it is running on the cluster. So, the cluster mode is meant for submitting long-running jobs to the cluster. Great! That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep Learning and keep growing.