Welcome back! In this lecture, I am going to give you a demo for the spark-submit, and we will be using the YARN cluster mode for this demo. This mode of operation is mostly used for executing your packaged Spark application on your production cluster. So, let's start with the spark-submit help and look at some available options. Great! So most of the options listed here are the same as offered by the spark-shell. We already learned about the master, deploy-mode, driver-memory, executor-memory, driver-cores, executor-cores, and num-executors. We will learn about some more options as we progress with the course. However, at this stage, you already learned some basic options, and you are ready to start submitting your Spark application. Great! So you cannot submit your application unless you have finished creating it.. We are going to learn to create Spark applications in the rest of the course. However, I haven't crated anything yet. So, let's use the spark example application. I have got this pyspark example file. And we will submit this example and execute it on the cluster. I need to upload this pi.py file to one of my cluster machines. So, let me ssh to the machine and upload the file. Good. So I have the pyspark application in my current directory. Now, let's use the spark-submit. I am going to use the YARN master. Deploy mode is a cluster. And I ignore other options and accept the defaults. Once you are done with your options, the next thing is to specify the python file. This is an example that uses the Spark cluster to compute the approximation of the value of Pi. Well, it is just a demo application, but it serves our purpose to learn how to submit your spark applications. Finally, command-line arguments for your application. This example expects a numeric value. I am giving 100. Great! We are ready to submit this application. Let's hit the enter. Done. We submitted an application to the cluster and got the application id. Now you can go to the spark history server and look at the application status. Here it is. The Application name is the Spark Pi, Let's look at the event timeline. You already know all this and what it means. Right? Great! See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.