(gentle upbeat music) -: Hello, and welcome to this lecture on Docker images. In this lecture, we're going to see how to create your own image. Now, before that, why would you need to create your own image? It could either be because you cannot find a component or a service that you want to use as part of your application on Docker Hub already or you and your team decided that the application you're developing will be Dockerized for ease of shipping and deployment. In this case, I'm going to containerize an application, a simple web application that I have built using the Python Flask framework. First we need to understand what we are containerizing or what application we are creating an image for and how the application is built. So start by thinking what you might do if you want to deploy the application manually. We write down the steps required in the right order. I'm creating an image for a simple web application. If I were to set it up manually, I would start with an operating system like Ubuntu, then update the source repositories using the APT command, then install dependencies using the APT command, then install Python dependencies using the pip command, then copy over the source code of my application to a location like OPT, and then finally run the web server using the flask command. Now that I have the instructions, create a Docker file using this. Here's a quick overview of the process of creating your own image. First, create a Docker file named Docker File and write down the instructions for setting up your application in it, such as installing dependencies, where to copy the source code from and to, and what the entry point of the application is, et cetera. Once done, build your image using the docker build command and specify the Docker File as input as well as a tag name for the image. This will create an image locally on your system. To make it available on the public Docker Hub registry, run the docker push command and specify the name of the image you just created. In this case, the name of the image is my account name, which is Moonshot, followed by the image name, which is my custom app. Now, let's take a closer look at that Docker file. Docker file is a text file written in a specific format that Docker can understand. It's in an instruction and arguments format. For example, in this Docker file, everything on the left in caps is an instruction. In this case from, run, copy, and entry point are all instructions. Each of these instruct Docker to perform a specific action while creating the image. Everything on the right is an argument to those instructions. The first line from Ubuntu defines what the base OS should be for this container. Every Docker image must be based off of another image, either an OS or another image that was created before based on an OS. You can find official releases of all operating systems on Docker Hub. It's important to note that all Docker files must start with a from instruction. The run instruction instructs Docker to run a particular command on those base images. So at this point, Docker runs the apt-get update command to fetch the updated packages and installs required dependencies on the image. Then the copy instruction copies files from the local system onto the Docker image. In this case, the source code of our application is in the current folder, and I will be copying it over to the location, OPT source code, inside the Docker image. And finally, entry point allows us to specify a command that will be run when the image is run as a container. When docker builds the images, it builds this in a layered architecture. Each line of instruction creates a new layer in the Docker image with just the changes from the previous layer. For example, the first layer is a base Ubuntu OS followed by the second instruction, that creates a second layer, which installs all the APT packages, and then the third instruction creates a third layer with the Python packages followed by the fourth layer that copies the source code over, and the final layer that updates the entry point of the image. Since each layer only stores the changes from the previous layer, it is reflected in the size as well. If you look at the base Ubuntu image, it is around 120 MB in size, the APT packages that I install is around 300 MB, and the remaining layers are small. You could see this information if you run the docker history command followed by the image name. When you run the docker build command, you could see the various steps involved and the result of each task. All the layers built are cast, so the layered architecture helps you restart docker build from that particular step in case it fails. Or if you were to add new steps in the build process, you wouldn't have to start all over again. All the layers built are cast by Docker. So in case a particular step was to fail, for example, in this case, step three failed, and you were to fix the issue and rerun docker build, it will reuse the previous layers from cache and continue to build the remaining layers. The same is true if you were to add additional steps in the Docker file. This way, rebuilding your image is faster and you don't have to wait for Docker to rebuild the entire image each time. This is helpful especially when you update source code of your application, as it may change more frequently. Only the layers above the updated layers needs to be rebuild. We just saw a number of products containerized, such as databases, development tools, operating systems, et cetera, but that's just not it. You can containerized almost all of the application, even simple ones like browsers or utilities like curl, applications like Spotify, Skype, et cetera. Basically, you can containerize everything. And going forward, I see that's how everyone is going to run applications. Nobody is going to install anything anymore going forward. Instead, they're just going to run it using Docker. And when they don't anymore, get rid of it easily without having to clean up too much. (gentle upbeat music)