-: Hey, I'm Sanji, one of the co-instructors of this course, and I'll be walking you through this solutions video for the ConfigMap section. For the first question, we have to find out how many pods exist in the system. And we can do this by doing a kubectl get pod. And so we can see here we have exactly one pod running and that pod's name is web app dash color. So we'll select one here. For the next question, we have to figure out what is the environment variable name set on the container in the pod. And so, now we can do a kubectl describe pod and then just grab the pod name here. And in this output, we wanna go up to the containers section. And in here, there's going to be a section called environment. So this is gonna be where all of the environment variables are set. And we can see that there is an environment variable called app underscore color. And so, we'll select that. And make sure you select the one that's app underscore color 'cause there's also an app dash color, as well. The next question is asking what is the value set on the environment variable called app underscore color? And so, we don't actually have to run another command. We can just see that the value's set to pink. And we'll select pink. The next question is just telling us to click the web app color tab so that we can take a look at the web app. And when it opens up, we can see that this is what the web app looks like. And so, I'll just hit okay right here. The next question is asking us to update the environment variable on the pod to display a green background. And it gives a few extra notes. It's saying that we need to delete and recreate the pod and only make the necessary changes, and to make sure that we don't modify the name of the pod. And so, down here, there's a couple of bullet points and it's just letting us know what is the name we should give it, the pod. And we can see it's the same web app dash color. We're gonna give it the same label. And then, the important part is we have to provide an environment variable called app underscore color and this time, set it to be green instead of pink. So the first thing that I'm gonna do is I'm gonna run kubectl get pods. And so, we can see that the pod right now is called web app dash color. And what I wanna do is I wanna get the current yaml configuration for this pod so that I can just copy it and just change the environment variable name. So I'll do a kubectl get pod and then, we'll do web app dash color. And I'll say dash 0. Yam, also, that's gonna get the yaml configuration. And I'm gonna just pipe it to a file and I'll call this pod dot yaml. And the next thing I wanna do is I wanna delete the current running pod, so I'll do kubectl delete pod. And then, we'll do the web app dash color. And now that the pod's deleted, let's go into the pod dot yaml file and make some modifications. So I'll do a VI pod dot yaml. And what we wanna do is we wanna go down to the environment section here. And so, we can see that the value is set to pink. And we wanna change this to green. And that should be the only thing that we have to change. And so, now we can do a kubectl apply dash F, and then pass in the pod dot yaml file. And let's verify that that worked. So I'll run check here. And we can see that everything passed. And the next question is just telling us to verify that the web app actually did, in fact, change its color. So we'll go back to our web app and I'm just going to do a refresh. And we can see that the color changed to green. The next question is asking us how many ConfigMaps exist in the default namespace. And to take a look at all of the ConfigMaps, we can do a kubectl get, and we can do ConfigMap. Or you can just do CM for short. And we can see that there are two ConfigMaps. So we'll go back and answer with two. For the next question, we have to identify the database host from the ConfigMap called DB dash config. And so, we have this ConfigMap called DB dash config. So we'll do kubectl describe. And once again, you can either type out ConfigMap or we can just do CM, and then DB dash config. And for the, under the data section, if we go for the database host key, we can see that the value is set to be sql 01 dot example dot com. So I'll select sql 01. For the next question, we have to create a new ConfigMap for the web app dash color pod, using the spec given below. So we have to give it, the ConfigMap, a name of web app dash config dash map, and a value, our key value pair, of app underscore color set to be dark blue. And so, we're gonna run a imperative command to create this ConfigMap. So we'll do kubectl create. And then, you can type out the word ConfigMap or just do CM. And here we wanna grab the name of the ConfigMap so this is going to be web app dash config dash map. I'm gonna copy this just to make sure I don't make a mistake. And then, we have to pass in the dash dash from literal option. And I'm gonna copy this, as well, just so I don't make a mistake. And that's all we have to do, so I'll run that. It got created. And I'll just run a check just to verify that it worked. And it looks like it was successful so we'll go on to the next question. For the next question, we have to update the environment variable on the pod to make use of the newly created ConfigMap. And so, we can see these settings that we have to apply. So on the pod name of web app dash color, we have to set the environment variable to make use of the new ConfigMap. All right, so first, let's delete the current pod. And I'll do a kubectl get pod. And I'll do a kubectl delete pod web app dash color. All right, so now that the pod's deleted, let's modify the pod dot yaml to make use of the ConfigMap. And so, right now, the environment variable is set using just a standard key value. And we need to now make it reference that ConfigMap we created. And so, what we're gonna do is we're gonna keep the same name, but we're gonna change the value. So instead of providing the value directly, we're gonna change this to value from. And then, we'll remove the green here. And underneath value from, we're gonna say ConfigMap key ref. So this is gonna reference a ConfigMap. And then, here, we have to provide the name of the ConfigMap. I'll say name, and this is gonna be set to web app dash config dash map. And then, we have to provide the specific key from this ConfigMap. And the key is gonna be web app underscore color. And that's actually a mistake. It's just app. I'm gonna delete the web part. So it's just app underscore color. And that should be all the changes that we have to make. So now the environment variable app underscore color is going to be set to this ConfigMap and it's gonna reference this specific key in that ConfigMap. So now, we can do a kubectl apply dash F pod dot yaml. Pod's created, and we can now run a check just to verify that that worked. And it looks like everything's good to go. And the last question is just telling you to verify that the changes were actually made to the web app. So I'm just gonna select web app color here. And we can see that now it's set to dark blue. So now that we've verified that it's blue now, I'll just hit okay, and that's going to complete this assignment or this lab session.