Hi, let's quickly understand about the BGP autonomous system and autonomous system number. Again, important for setting up the BGP session on the DX network. So you know this diagram, if not, we are going to cover this in more detail. But once you have the DX connection on that connection, you can create a public VIF which connects you to the public AWS services or there could be a private VIF which is shown in the red. Now, private VIF can be connected to DirectConnect Gateway or it can directly be connected to the virtual private Gateway which is attached to the VPC. And there is third type of the VIF which is Transit VIF and Transit VIF first connects to DX Gateway and then it can be attached to the Transit Gateway, which means on AWS side, these VIFs connect to different networking component. Now, in case of public VIF, it is AWS managed router which you don't see. But in case of private VIF and a Transit VIF, these are the components which you configure. So whether it's DX Gateway or it is a virtual private Gateway. Now, all these are the Routing component on AWS side and they represent the AWS side of the network, which is called autonomous system. So in the BGP world, these are called the BGP peers. So one end will be your router on your network and other end will be AWS side of the routers. And depending on what kind of VIF you create, this peers will differ. Now, in this case, it is a Peering connection between the AWS router and your router for the public VIF connection. Similarly, if you are creating a private VIF and attaching it to the DX Gateway, then it will be the AS for BGP peer similarly for other connections. So all these ASs would have the numbers and those numbers you have to provide while you create the BGP session or when you create the virtual interfaces. So let's talk about those. OK. Now let's look at the autonomous system number that is ASN. So when you configure your side of the router and connect it to the DirectConnect, you have to provide the ASN numbers to your router. Now this ASN could be public or private. Now, if you talk about the public ASN, this is very similar to maybe a public Domain name or IPs which you have to own. So public ASN are assigned by the IANA that is internet assigned number authority. You can go to IANA org and check more about this. So this has to be owned by the customer, right? And you need to use this public ASN if you are exchanging the BGP routes over a public internet. Now, with respect to the AWS, you have the option where you want to use public ASN or a private ASN and things change a little when you use public or a private ASN that we will cover in the next lectures. But both options are there. Now with respect to the ASN numbers E A has defined the range of ASN numbers for use. And that really depends on whether you are using 16 bit ASN number that is two byte or 32 bit ASN numbers which are four bytes and accordingly, you can choose your ASN number. As I said, you can also have the private a ASN. So this is typically used for a private connection between two ASs. So DirectConnect is in that sense is a private connection. So you can very well use private ASN, OK. As I said, you could have ASN 16 bit or 32 bit. And this is a range of ASN number defined by IANA and if you are using public ASN, then it should be in the range of 1 to 64495. Now again, we are not talking here about the AWS allowed ASN numbers for public or private ASN but a general IANA recommended ASN numbers. And if you are going with the private ASN with two byte, you could assign it in the range from 64512  to 65535. Now, as you know, you might want to go for four byte instead because this is a very limited range and in that case, this range is 0 to that big number and public ASNs are in the range from 1 to that range. And private ASN are in the range of the range that is given here. Now, with respect to the AWS, what kind of ASN number you can use really depends on where you are using it. So for example, if you are creating the VIFs which are virtual interfaces, then there is a different ASN range that you can use. However, if you are using or creating the components like DirectConnect Gateway or Transit Gateway, in that case, there is a separate ASN range that you can use. But ultimately, it will be from this overall range defined by the IANA Ok, So that's it about the BGP AS and the ASN. Now we will refer to these terms more often whenever we speak about the virtual interfaces and different settings while talking about the DX connections. So I hope uh this session helps you recollect what that means. So thanks for watching and stay tuned.