Hello and welcome to this lecture. Now that we understood different types of Direct Connect connections, that is dedicated connection and hosted connection, and there is a slight variant when it comes to the hosted VIF, now let's try to understand which are the steps involved in setting up this connection. So if you want to set up this connection, what are the steps you would have to follow? Now this is important for your exam because I have seen the cases where some of the steps are given and it is asked that what would be the next step in the Direct Connect connection setup, so let's try to understand this here. As we know, there are two types of the connection, dedicated and hosted, so I'm not going to go through this again. Now let's pick up the dedicated connection and let's see what are the sequence of the events. So this is overall the architecture. Looks like you have AWS VPCs and your accounts on one side, corporate data center on the other side, and then Direct Connect location in between, and then you have customer router here and AWS Direct Connect router here and then you establish this connectivity end-to-end. That is what the dedicated connection is. So with respect to the steps it takes, let's try to understand. First, you select AWS region where you want your Direct Connect connection, then you select Direct Connect location, and then submit the connection request via AWS console or a CLI or an API. You can do that and in the later lecture, I will show you that as well. So that is something you have to initiate via AWS console. Once you make that request in AWS console, AWS takes up to 72 hours to provision that port for you at given Direct Connect location. And additionally, AWS provides you something called LOA-CFA. That is a Letter of Authorization Connection Facility Assignment. Now what is LOA-CFA? This is something you need to provide to your Direct Connect location provider so that they can allocate that port and make the cross-connect between AWS router and your router. So this is an important digital document which you need to provide to prove that you own that port and then required details it has like where is AWS side of the router. Now, LOA contains the demarcation details of the assigned port within the facility. So Direct Connect location provider also knows this is a port which is allocated to you. If your organization has physical presence in DX location, that means you already have your router, then you can request the cross-connect within the facility to connect to AWS device. That means there is no additional router needs to be set up there because you already have your routers there. Then the Direct Connect location provider will make that cross-connect request and that's it, your connection is established. But if you do not have your router there in the Direct Connect facility, then what you can do is you can provide your LOA copy to Direct Connect APN partner and then APN partner can place the router as well as cross-connect request on behalf of you. Once that is done, you have to make sure that you are receiving the good Tx/Rx optical signals at your equipment. Now what is Tx/Rx? These are like transmit and receive signals. They are the digital signal processor signals which are sent by the router and these are typically measured in decibels per milliwatt and traditionally minus 18 to minus 25 decibels per milliwatt is good signal. And if it goes beyond this range, then it is called signal-to-noise ratio and cannot be considered as good signal which can carry your data through the Direct Connect pipe. So you have to make sure that you are receiving that Tx/Rx signal and you can also see that in the CloudWatch as well that we will cover when we see monitoring DX connection. Now you can create private or public virtual interfaces on top of this Direct Connect connection and then you can start accessing the AWS services from your on-premises network. Now, if the same thing has to be shown here, this is what the setup look like. There is an AWS account which you own or a customer owns. Customers first go to the AWS console and make a connection request. Now, this connection request looks something like this. You would put some name there and the location based on your region and the port speed which would be one or 10 or 100 Gbps port speed. Once you select that, you get something called a port allocated in the AWS Direct Connect router in a given Direct Connect location that you selected and also AWS give you the copy of LOA-CFA. Now what you need to do is based on whether you have your own router here or not, you will take this LOA copy and this LOA would have all the details which it needs to make the cross connection at the Direct Connect location. So all these details are there. Once you have this, you just have to contact your Direct Connect provider. Now based on which Direct Connect location you selected, there are the email IDs of those providers. So you can send or share this LOA-CFA with the Direct Connect provider at a given email ID. So this LOA will be shared with the Direct Connect provider. And based on whether you have your router or if you can talk to Direct Connect APN partner and get their router here, and once that router is established, the Direct Connect location provider will make a cross-connect between AWS router and the port that has been allocated to you and between this router. Once that is turned, you are responsible for setting up this connectivity from router to on-premise data center. Again, either you can do it yourself or you can also have your other ISP partner who can establish this connectivity. Once that is done, you can create virtual interfaces and you can access AWS services from there. So this is end-to-end physical connectivity and you have to establish, of course, the BGP routing and we'll talk about how to set that up later, but BGP routing is established. That means now traffic can actually flow from on-premise data center to AWS. So that's it. Your connection gets successful and that's how the dedicated connection is set up. I hope that is clear. Now let's try to see the steps involved in hosted connection. Now as you know, in hosted connection, connection is already there. It is being managed by your Direct Connect partner. That means you don't have to create the connection in AWS console. You don't have to get that LOA-CFA copies. It has been already taken care. What you request to your partner is to just give you hosted connection on top of your partner's existing connection. So in case of hosted connection, the sequence of events would follow like this. To order the hosted connection, of course, you don't need LOA, so you can directly contact the Direct Connect partner to order the connection. What you give to your partner is your 12-digit account number and also tell them what is the bandwidth that you're looking for. Then what partner will do is it will set up the hosted connection and this connection will be available in your account in a given region to accept it. So what you will see in your AWS account is a connection which you need to accept first. And then once you accept it, it starts billing. So that's one important point. As soon as you accept that connection, it will start billing for the Direct Connect charges. So once you accept connection, it enables the billing and port hour charges and data transfer charges would be applicable for that point of time. Now with respect to the dedicated connection we just talked earlier, AWS will wait for maximum 90 days from the start of the billing. If you don't complete this connection end-to-end, you still get a 90 days window. After 90 days, if you still have the connection there, it will start billing for the port hours. Of course, there won't be data transfer charges because there is no connectivity end-to-end, so no data can flow, but you still pay for those port hours. So better if you are not using your dedicated connection, you accidentally created it, then just go and delete your connection there. Similarly steps would be something like this for hosted connection. You have Direct Connect partner here which you can select from the APN and what you will do is you will request the hosted connection by providing your 12-digit account number and this AWS partner will create a hosted connection for you and that connection will be available in your AWS account as a pending acceptance. So this connection would look something like this, it would have detail like what is my Direct Connect location, what is the speed, it's a 50 Mbps connection here, there will be VLAN assignment and we'll talk more about that shortly, but then all the details are here. Once you accept this connection, then that's it. That's it you have to do. The router will be a partner router there and there will be a port allocated automatically by the partner. And finally, you accept the request and there is a cross-connect done between this router and AWS router. Then it is assumed that you already have connectivity from your data center to partner router. If not, you would again have to set that connection up, either the same partner can do it or your ISP can also do that. Now, once that is done, you can create a private VIF on top of your hosted connection. As I said, only one VIF can be created per hosted connection. So if you want to create a public VIF on top of here, you would have to take another hosted connection here. Okay, so that's it about the hosted connection sequence of events. Now let's look at the hosted VIF. Okay, so first thing first, don't get confused with hosted connection and hosted VIF. The hosted connection, as you know, it is created by Direct Connect partner and then it appears into your AWS account because Direct Connect partners share that connection with you. And this is typically done because you don't want probably one Gbps of Direct Connect connection. You need some sub-one Gbps connection and what Direct Connect partner does, it might have say one gigabit connection already as a dedicated connection and then it can split that bandwidth and provide maybe 1,000 Mbps connection to 10 customers. Likewise, you can have one sub-Gbps connection into your account, so that's a hosted connection. But in case of hosted VIF, it doesn't really matter whether it's a hosted connection or a dedicated connection. We are talking about the VIF that we create on top of this connection. Now in this case, the connection owner is one AWS account, but the VIF owner is someone else. So you can create a VIF and then you say this VIF is owned by another AWS account. Now why you would do this? Imagine a situation where you have centralized networking team who owns all Direct Connect connections and then different projects inside the organization need a connectivity to on-premise network and AWS. In that case, you could have your own dedicated connection or a hosted connection and this account is owned by the networking team, but then every project would have their own AWS account and the networking team can then create a VIF and say the owner of this VIF is project one team or project two team. In that case, that team still owns the VIF, but the connection is owned by the centralized networking IT team. So as I said, when you create a VIF, you choose another AWS account who owns that VIF. Now with respect to the functionality and the connectivity, it does exactly same as with the public virtual interface or a private virtual interface. That means you can connect to AWS public resources like S3 or you can create a private VIF and can connect to AWS VPC. And we already talked that the connection is owned by one account and the VIF is owned by another account. However, the VIF owner has to accept that VIF into his or her AWS account. You can't just create a VIF and then it will appear into someone else account. It's not really the right thing to do. So the VIF owner has to accept it. And finally, it is used in the scenarios where, as I said, networking team manages the DX connection and provides the VIF as a service to the project teams. So that essentially is the hosted VIF. Okay, almost similar architecture just that AWS account here which is your central IT team account probably is the connection owner. Now, this connection could be dedicated connection or a hosted connection, does not really matter for other business units, but what they can do is they can request the VIFs into their account, so the account owner here with a central IT team here will create a VIF into your account by providing your account ID, and then you would have to accept that VIF connection into your AWS account. Once that is done, the VIF is created on the same Direct Connect connection and then you can then access the on-premise network from this AWS region and the VPC. So in a nutshell, that is the step to create a hosted VIF. And I think that's it for this lecture. So we saw three scenarios, the steps involved in creating dedicated Direct Connect connection, the hosted Direct Connect connection, and then hosted VIF. So understand the differences between these three because in some cases, you will find the questions which involves like LOA-CFA in which case it would be applicable. So as you can see, it is applicable only in case of the dedicated connection. So that's it about this lecture. Now, in the next lecture, we'll actually see in the console how this flow looks like, though we won't be able to create an actual connection, but at least we'll walk you through the steps there. So stay tuned and thanks for watching.