Hi. Now we are getting into the section where we are going to discuss at length how the Routing selection happens at different levels. When the traffic goes out from AWS to on-premises network, you know that traffic starts from the VPC and then VPC itself has a route table. So it has to make the Routing decision there and then the traffic lands into the virtual private Gateway or a Transit Gateway depending on how you connect it over the DX connection. And then from there traffic goes to on-premises network. Now this DirectConnect Routing policies and BGP communities comes into the play. Typically, whenever you have multiple DX connections to reach out to different destinations. In fact, for highly available DX setup, there will be multiple DX links between the VPCs and on-premises network. And at that time, there has to be a route selection whether you want to go on a link one or link two. Do you want to have it active-active or active-passive? And for influencing that Routing decision, you need to understand the DirectConnect Routing policies and the BGP communities. So for your exam again, this is very, very important topic. So make sure that you understand every part of this. OK. So let's first start with the VPC. Now, you know that VPC can be connected to different gateways or the devices, it can be connected to IGW or to other VPCS using a VPC Peering connection or to a DirectConnect or to a VPN through the virtual private Gateway or to the Transit gateways. Now, when VPC has to make a decision where the traffic will go, then there are certain route priorities that AWS has defined. And based on that, it will take that decision. The very first rule is that longest prefix match first. So it always takes the precedence if the target IP address matches with the most specific route in the route table. So for example, if there is a route for a particular IP address and it goes through, for example, internet Gateway, then even if there is another route for 10.10.2.0/24 and you have defined target for that as a VPC Peering connection, then the route through the internet Gateway will take precedence because you have defined it as the longest prefix which it matches with, then comes the static routes as compared to the propagated routes. Now, static routes are the one which you go and modify your route table with. So you add a route for internet Gateway or a VPC Peering connection or for Transit Gateway attachment, all these are static routes. Now, with respect to the VPN, you get an option, whether you can add a static route or in your route table you can have a propagated route. In that case, your route table is automatically populated with the routes which VPN sends towards the VPC. And in case of DirectConnect, again, it's a propagated route because it only supports the Dynamic Routing. OK. So you can see here that the IGW and VPC Peering and TGW and VPN provides the static Routing option. And for DirectConnect and VPN again, you can have the propagated routes. So static routes take precedence over the propagated routes. Now, if you have only the propagated routes, then also there is the preference. So DirectConnect route takes precedence. Now what that means is if you are connecting to the other network over a DX connection as well as over the VPN, and you understand the same routes from both these connections, then the traffic will go through the DirectConnect, not through the VPN because it takes precedence over the VPN static routes or a VPN BGP routes. So this is how typically the route preference happens. And VPC will evaluate all these rules before making the decision. Now let's look at this in a little more detail with some example. So this is your VPC on the left side which has subnets and a CIDR block. And now to add the complexity what I have done is, I have shown multiple networks here on the right side and all the networks have the same CIDR range that is 192.168.0.0/16 And they are connected to this VPC. Now, if you look at the VPC route table, it would have the local route for the VPC CIDR itself and then multiple routes to reach to this CIDR block as shown in this route table. Now let's take an example, suppose this EC2 machine here wants to communicate with another EC2 machine. Now, this address falls in the VPC local CIDR range. So the traffic will always be routed through this VPC local router, it won't go out. But if from this EC2 machine, if the traffic is going to this IP address, which is 192.168.8.8 Now this IP is available on all these three networks. So which path VPC will take? Now in this case, because the VPC Peering route has been added as a static route, that means it's not a propagated one. So this path is chosen to reach out to that machine. So this is how the route selection happens. Now, let's further complicate this and remove the static Routing and remove the VPC Peering connection. Now, in this case, there are now two routes to go to this IP address one is over the DX and the other is over the VPN connection. So can you guess now which path it will take? Obviously, it will take the DX path because we learned that in case of propagated routes, the DX BGP routes take precedence over the VPN connection. Ok. So this is how the VPC Routing works. And now let's understand more about the DX Routing. Now let's further add the multiple DX connections and that's where the DX Routing and BGP communities come into the play. So now you have multiple DX connections, both terminating on the same virtual private Gateway and both are advertising the same CIDR prefix over these DX links. Now, the question is how does VGW makes a decision which path to take? Right and exactly for that, you use DX Routing policies to influence one path over the other. So let's look at that. Now, now DX Routing policies and BGP communities are used to influence the Routing decision when the traffic flows through the direct connect connections. So there are two kinds of the Routing policies, inbound Routing policies that means traffic coming to AWS from your router. and all these decisions are taken at your end. AWS doesn't govern that. But what you can do is you can influence the outbound Routing policies. That means how VGW sends traffic to your network. If there are multiple paths, then which path VGW should select. Now, that you can influence with these Routing policies and BGP communities and these Routing policies and BGP communities work differently for a public VIF and private or Transit VIF. So for private and Transit VIF these are the same policies which applies to both the VIFs, but for public VIF they are different. So first, let's look at very high level how this affects the public VIF and the private or Transit VIFs. And in the following lecture, we will go into much detail for every VIF type. OK. So very first thing we are talking about the path selection for outbound traffic, that means from AWS to on-premises site. And in that case, the policies differ for public VIF and private or Transit VIF. So first let's look at the public VIF policies. So for path selection that is choosing one path or the other, you can use BGP attributes which are longest prefix match and then the AS_PATH. Now you already understand about this. So for public VIF, you can use these two attributes to influence the path selection. Now there is something called BGP community tags. And with respect to the public VIF, you can't use to influence the path selection, but you can use it to influence how far your route should be propagated in the other network. So when you advertise your routes from on-premises to AWS side, you can restrict that your routes should be advertised to only base AWS Region or to that continent or they should be propagated globally in all AWS public network. And at the same time, AWS also sends you community tag which tells you from which AWS side of the network these routes are coming from, are they from the local Region, Are they from the continent or they are Global AWS public IPs and accordingly, you can filter your traffic at your end. So BGP community tags are used to scope the routes in case of public VIF. And we will dive deep into everything that you see here. Now, with respect to the private or a Transit VIF. Again, for path selection, you can use the longest prefix match, you can use AS_PATH. And additionally, you can also use local BGP community tags to influence the traffic when there are multiple paths to reach to the target network on your side. So there are three local preference BGP community tags as you can see and depending on which community tag you use, path selection happens. And again, as I said, we will dive deep into this in the next four lectures. So overall that is what the BGP communities and Routing policies looks like for DX. And now let's get into more detail. Thanks for watching.