Hello and welcome to this lecture. Now, let's understand the Routing Policies and BGP communities for the private VIFs. So these policies and communities work differently, when it comes to the private VIF. Now in case of public VIF so that it influences the routing decision, and the scope of the route advertisement. But in case of private VIF, both the routing policies as well as BGP communities are used to influence the routing decision. So there is no scope advertisement using the BGP communities. So let's look into that. So now let's look at the Private VIF Routing Policies. Now, very first thing you need to understand is that in case of private VIF, the longest prefix match is preferred. Which means that if there are multiple private VIFs and multiple Direct Connect connections to reach to the target network, depending on the routes on those VIF which are published by the customer side of the network, if the target IP matches the longest prefix, that route is preferred over the other routes. And we'll see that by example shortly. Now, if this prefix is same, then which route is chosen? Now, let's take an example. Suppose you have two Direct Connect location of Frankfurt and Ireland, right? And then your VPC decides in the Frankfurt region. Now, in order to reach to the destination which is our customer data center, both these Direct Connect locations has a Direct Connect connectivity to our customer location. Now, which route it would take to reach to the destination. Both routes are there and there are two private virtual interfaces. Now, in this case AWS uses the minimum distance from the AWS region and the Direct Connect location. Now, in this case it would be Frankfurt, right? Because you are sending the traffic from Frankfurt region to the on-premise data center. And again, we will explain that through the architecture shortly. Now, in the case where, you want to steal route the traffic through Ireland, Direct Connect connection, then BGP communities are used. Now you can see here that you can also use BGP communities, but in this case they're used to influence which path AWS takes to send the traffic to the on-premise network. And there are three BGP communities that you can see here. 7224:7300 takes the highest precedence or 7200 and 7100 and we'll see shortly how to implement that. Now we have seen three cases here, One, the longest prefix match that route is taken as a first preference, then if the longest prefix matches are same, for multiple connections then the shortest distance is chosen from the originating AWS region to the Direct Connect location. Now, if you want to change this equation, then you can obviously use the BGP community tags. But if you're not using the BGP community tags and there is only one region and one Direct Connect location, so say you are using the Frankfurt region and within the Frankfurt region, you are using the multiple Direct Connect connections, then other choice is made. Now, in that case you can use again the AS_PATH attribute. So as you know the shortest AS_PATH is preferred over the longer AS_PATH, so you can again influence your routing decision by setting up the appropriate AS_PATH. And we will understand that now with the architecture. So let's look at this architecture. So on the left side you have AWS region US East and you have DPC and on the right side you have corporate data center. Now for high availability you have multiple routers and then you have chosen to have multiple Direct Connect locations as well. So that if one location fails for some reason, then you can dock the traffic through another AWS Direct Connect location. Now again, for high availability within the same region you have multiple private VIF connections and in another region you just have one connection. So overall, all these VIF terminate on the Direct Connect Gateway and this Direct Connect Gateway is connected to your VPC in the US East region. Now, if this is architecture and then you want to understand which path AWS will take to send the traffic from AWS to corporate data center, it will depend on a lot of factors. Now that would depend on what kind of prefixes you advertise or what this BGP session from your routers. Now let's assume that you are sending the same prefixes from both these routers and you can see here the prefix is same VIFs last 16 CIDR. Now, in this case how AWS will decide the traffic needs to be sent through which VIF. Now, if you can see here AWS makes a choice depending on the distance from AWS region to the Direct Connect location. Now, because VPC is in the US East region, it will choose US East as a Direct Connect location to send the traffic through. And in that case, it would be sent either through VIF A or VIF B. Now, which one of that we can again control either VIF A or VIF B but understand that it uses the home or a local region as the first choice when the prefixes are advertised are the same length from multiple connections. So home region takes the precedence. That's what I'm trying to show here. Now let's try to understand what if you want to influence this decision and instead you want to send this traffic through a US west region. Now, with this architecture you can't because prefixes are same but in that case, you can have the longest prefix advertised over the other Direct Connect location and through that private VIF. Now you can see here, we are advertising class 24 as a prefix and here it's last 16. So if from your VPC you are sending traffic to say IP address 172.31.0.50 now that falls within this range and in that case VIF C will be selected as your traffic route, right? And that's what has been explained here. Okay. Now, as I said, if there is just one Direct Connect location, so let's take that example and then decide whether VIF A will be selected or VIF B will be selected. So again, back to the first scenario where the same prefixes are sent and we already know that the traffic will be routed through VIF A or VIF B because US is the local region. In that case you can influence the decision between VIF A and VIF B using AS_PATH attributes of the BGP, right? So the shorter AS_PATH that path will be preferred over the longer AS_PATH. So in this case if say VIF A is having the AS_PATH attribute as 65001 three times and VIF B has an AS_PATH of 65001 two times and VIF C has same attribute, but the AS_PATH is shortest which is just once 65001. Now, just looking at this, you might think that private VIF C should be selected, but understand that the same prefixes are being advertised on all these three VIFs. So first preference goes to the local region, so that's where the US East will be selected, but within US east one you have two VIFs out of these the AS_PATH will take the preference. So shorter AS_PATH will take the higher preference in this case VIF B has just two hops VIF A has three hops. So private VIF B will be taking the precedence here. So that's interesting thing. Now, in the case where you can't just control the prefixes maybe all prefixes are same, but still you want to route the traffic through private VIF C then what do you do, right? Otherwise it's not possible here. So in that case, you can use BGP communities. As I said, there are three BGP communities 7224, 7100, and 7300. 7300 takes the highest precedence and in this case, whatever the BGP community you set as the 7300, that particular VIF will be used for the connection or the traffic from AWS to on-premise data center. So in this case, obviously it would be private VIF C. So this is first preference, then VIF A will get the second preference and B will get the third preference. So this is how the routing works. And with that you can also achieve the Active/Passive kind of traffic, because you can set the difference BGP communities on these VIFs. So here, if you are using A as a primary, then set the 7300 as you are a BGP community here. If VIF A connection is down for some reason, then VIF B connection will be used in that case. So this is how the BGP communities will affect the route selection here. So with that I think we just covered about how the routing works in case of private VIF. Now, this is a little simpler than the public VIF as you can see, obviously the very first option is to have the longest prefix that path would take precedence, but then if all the VIFs are advertising the same prefix, then the shortest distance from the AWS region to the Direct Connect location that will be selected and in case there are multiple VIFs there, in that case you can use the AS_PATH attribute to make a choice of one VIF over the other and if nothing else, then you can use the BGP communities to, you know, set your preferences. So I think that's it about the private VIF and the routing policies. Now I know that this is again, overwhelming thing there are so many things we discussed, there are so many permutations and combinations and I don't think really that you need to really get to know at that depth for your exam, but as you go into the field and implement and work on the Direct Connect, then probably you can set your routing policies with clear understanding what you are doing and you know exactly how the traffic will flow in case there are multiple Direct Connect connections. So I hope that is helpful to you and with that, now we will pivot toward other section of the Direct Connect and that's it about the routing and the BGP communities as of now. So thanks for watching.