Hi. So in this lecture let's understand another feature of AWS Direct Connect that is link aggregation groups or called as lags. Now, as the name suggests, it aggregates multiple links. That means multiple direct connect connections. So let's see what's the purpose and why should you use the lags. So the basic reason for using the lags is to aggregate multiple DX connections so that if, say you have four connections with one GB s bandwidth, you can aggregate that into a single pipe of four GB s connection. So using the lags you get increased bandwidth. And also you get a failover failover in the sense that if there are four connections, even if one connection fails, then also your lags still operates. So you will get maybe three GB s bandwidth, but your connection will work so it consolidate all your connections into a single logical connection. Now for lag it uses a protocol called Link Aggregation Control Protocol Lacp. Now there are few prerequisites or kind of considerations when you can create the lags. So now let's understand that. So for creating the lags your connection should be dedicated connections. And the bandwidth of those connection could be one GB ten GB or 100 GB s. Which means if you have hosted DCS connection then you cannot create the lag on that. Now it can aggregate up to maximum four connections only and those connections will be in active mode. Now you can either have the existing connections added to the lag group, or you can create a new connections and create a lag out of those connections. Now all connections in the lags must have the same bandwidth, so you cannot mix like one GB s connection and ten GB s connection. All should be one GB, all should be ten GB or 100 GB s, and all these connections should be terminating on the same DCS location. So this is an interesting because if you already have one connection and now you ask AWS to have another connection, typically for better fault tolerance, AWS will allocate the DCS port on different device, but for the lag you need to terminate all these connections on the same device. So while requesting the connection, you can ask AWS that provide me this connection on which I have existing connection. So this is an important consideration while creating the lag. And finally, once you have the lag, then you can create your public virtual interface, private virtual interface, or transit virtual interface. So you basically treat your lag as your DCS connection. So logically there is then no difference between the connection and the lag. Right. With that. Now let's look at quickly few architectures and few more things about the lags that you should know for your exam. So this is the architecture that we have been seeing for AWS TX connections. But now what we are saying that instead of one connection from your corporate data center, you could have multiple connections of say one GB s, and then instead of having four connections and getting one GB s on every connection, you can create a lag out of this four connection. So you get effective bandwidth of four GB s. Right. So that's basically a lag. Now you could also have ten GB s connection. And in that case your effective bandwidth will be 40 GB s. But as you go to the 100 GB s then you cannot have 400 GB s as your aggregated bandwidth. As of today, AWS only allows to have 200 GB s connections to be a part of the lag. So the effective bandwidth you can get up to maybe 200 GB s. So while using the 100 GB s, there is this difference that you should understand. Okay. With that. Now let's also talk about the high availability of the lags because they are like the direct connect connections. After you create the lag, you can have similar high availability architecture that you had with the DCS connections. So you can have two different lags. And then if one lags fail, you can have another lag to take over that connection. So this is also possible. Now for your exam you also need to know something called operational status of the lag. Now what that means. So generally lag has multiple connections. And you can define that. If one of the connection fails then should my lag also show the status as failed or my lag should keep operating. So that's called operational status of the lag. So as I said, all the connections in the lag are in active mode all the time. But you can define the operational parameters, which defines the minimum number of connections that should be active for lag to be active. So default is zero. Which means if you have four connections in the lag and say three connections goes down, still your lag is active, right? But many a times what you want is that you want to make sure that at any moment of time, you need at least three GB of bandwidth. If bandwidth falls below that, you want to show the status of lag as failure. So let's take an example that you have four connections. And then you say operational connection attribute value is one, which means as long as at least one connection is up, your lag is up. But if you define this value as three, that means your lag will be non operational if two or more connections are down. So in this way you can control the behavior of the lag. So what's the purpose of this attributes. So typically it makes sure that you are not over utilizing the active lag connection in case of failures of the underlying connection. So you want to show the status as failure if multiple connections also fails. So that's the lag operational status. Okay, just one more thing that you should know for the lag is that you can enable the macsec with the lag. Macsec is max security, which works at layer two and used to protect your data flowing through the DCS connections. And we have talked about Macsec with respect to the DCS connections. So same macsec can be applied for even the lag. So when you enable the Macsec, it uses the Macsec secret key which is generated using the connection key name CDN and connectivity association key. That is c a k. Now only the difference is that if you use existing connection to create a lag, and on that connection, if you have the macsec already enabled, then that macsec key is dis associated with the connection first, and the lag key instead associated with that connection. So this is just one thing that you should be knowing. So your existing connection do not carry the same key as they become part of the lag. And which means all the members in the lag will use the same key as the lag Macsec key. Right? So that's another thing, right? So that's it about the lag. There isn't much to discuss here, but I hope you got the concept and you now know what the lag is and why and where it is used. So thanks for watching and stay tuned.