Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now if you remember, our lecture about the network performance, in that lecture, we talked about the MTU and Jumbo Frames. And if you remember, we said that Jumbo Frames allows the larger packet size to flow over the network, which ultimately improves the network performance and the throughput because less number of packets are required to transmit the data. And then we also saw when it comes to the VPC, what is an MTU that is supported when the traffic flows over to the internet or between VPCs over a VPC peering connection or through a VPN connection, right. Now, let's see how it is structured when it comes to the Direct Connect connection. So just a quick recap, MTU is the size in bytes of the largest permissible packet that can be passed over the network. Now with respect to the DX connection, until 2018 DX did not support the Jumbo Frames. That means MTU was 1500. But post 2018, AWS started supporting the Jumbo Frames for DX connections. So as of today, you can obviously use Jumbo Frames on the Direct Connect connections, but for that, you have to enable that on the Direct Connect connection. Now, this does not mean that you can use Jumbo Frames, irrespective of the type of the virtual interfaces you are creating on top of Direct Connect connection. And shortly, we'll see whether you can use Jumbo Frames with respect to the Private VIF or a Public VIF or a Transit VIF. So very first thing to remember, public VIFs don't support Jumbo Frames, and when it comes to the Transit VIF or Private a VIF, Transit VIF support the MTU of 1500 or 8500. So Transit VIF also supports, you can say Jumbo Frames, but the size is 8500. However, Private VIFs support the MTU of 9001 which is again, a Jumbo Frame. Now this is supported when Private VIF is attached to the Virtual Private gateway or Direct Connect gateway. And this is required that when you have to use Jumbo Frames on the VIFs of course the underlying Direct Connect connection or LAG should also be supporting the Jumbo Frames. So there is no point if the connection is not enabled for Jumbo Frames, then creating a VIFs with Jumbo Frames enabled doesn't help right? So this is how it looks like, you have the connection, which is Jumbo Frame enabled. And on top of that connection, you can have Public VIF or a Private VIF or a Transit VIF. Public VIF do not support Jumbo Frames, but Private VIF does and so as the Transit VIF. So just remember this and this should be sufficient for your exam. Just one more, last thing about the Jumbo Frames. Jumbo Frames are applied only to the propagated routes for the DX. And if there is a static route, then the default 1500 MTU is used. And this is something again, I don't think so, really you need to remember all this, just remember that DX now support the Jumbo Frames and Public VIF do not support jumbo frames, where as Transit VIF and Private VIF support Jumbo Frames. So about this route table, if you have a route table in your VPC, and there is a propagated route through Virtual Private gateway through the, you know, Private VIF then Jumbo Frames are supported only on the propagated route, not the static route. So just remember that. So that's it for this lecture where we quickly understood about the Jumbo Frames over the DX. And with that, we will just move to the next lecture. So thanks for watching.