Okay. So based on what we learned in the direct connect section and based on my understanding of networking and reading a lot of white papers and looking at various architecture, I have tried putting together the architecture, which probably should work for most of the large enterprises. Now there could be a different variants of the architecture, but then I have tried covering all the aspects which you probably think while designing the direct connect architecture for large enterprises. So let's dive deep into this architecture. So imagine you are a large enterprise. That means you have operations into multiple geographies. So you must be using the multiple AWS region as well as you would have multiple data centers as you are operating your networks from. And in all likelihood, you would want to connect all these data centers to AWS regions and applications running inside those regions as well. So this is a sample architecture where there are multiple regions and then you have two data centers just for simplicity, one in us and one in Singapore. And of course being a large enterprise, you would have multiple AWS accounts and these accounts will be across multiple regions. Let's assume that one of the applications sits only in one account and in one particular region, right? So likewise you would have multiple accounts and in that accounts you will have multiple vpcs and likewise you would have public services. So for example, you are storing data in S3, which is accessible over the Internet, and you want to make sure that all these services are accessible from your on prem data center as well as VPC should also be able to access your applications running in your on premise data center. Now out of this, I have categorized these vpcs as application vpcs. That means they have the applications which are kind of business applications. They don't do much of the data transfer, but in certain cases you might have applications which are very data heavy. That means from on premises to AWS, there will be a lot of data exchange. Now examples could be if you are running high performance cloud that is HPC compute or you are working on some media kind of application like Netflix for example, you are uploading or downloading a lot of data or you are running some AV. Or autonomous driving simulations there. Also, you upload a lot of data to AWS and also download that data back to your data center. Now in that case, it's a separate VPC. We are considering it as a separate case because I would suggest to go with different kind of connectivity in that case. Okay, so this is a setup and we want to make sure that all these vpcs can also communicate with each other and also with the data center. So in enterprise world, typically you won't do it account by account, but you would have a centralized networking hub account. Now that also aligns with AWS landing zone concept where a centralized team takes care of the networking and then they enable the connectivity between multiple AWS accounts and multiple vpcs so that nobody can really change those network. Only the network administrator of the account can make those changes. Now this is all about AWS landing zone and the best practices, but this is how typically it will be done. Okay, now for connecting multiple vpcs together, you know that you should use transit gateway because it scales as well to hundreds and thousands of vpcs and transit gateways are the regional routers. So in every region you would have a transit gateway. And then if you want to have inter region VPC connectivity, you would pair this transit gateways together. So which means now region one, VPC can talk to region two through this transit gateways. And of course, you connect these vpcs to corresponding transit gateways. So this enables a mesh kind of connectivity between the vpcs. Moving on. You also want to connect your data centers to the transit gateways, and you already know that you can do that using the Transit Gateway and Direct Connect Gateway. Now for US Data Center, you will choose the nearest direct connect location in the US. Similarly for Singapore, you will choose the location in Singapore and then you will have a physical network connectivity between your data center and this direct connect locations. You will provision a direct connect gateway. You will create a transit VIF on both these connections and then you will connect to the same direct connect gateway. Now this will allow the complete mesh connectivity between all your vpcs and your data centers. Right. Okay. So this is a good option. And we also learned recently that if you want to have the connectivity directly between your data centers, you don't need to really route this traffic back to the transit gateway. You can simply enable the sitelink on those transit VIF and then Sitelink can enable the routing of the traffic over the AWS backbone network between these sites. So this really simplifies your networking though. This is looking complex, but this is really, really simple architecture in that sense. So now you have the full kind of connectivity with most optimized route, and this works well. Okay. And finally, as you know, recommends having high availability of the network. Ideally, there should be multiple links, but just for simplifying the diagram, I'm not showing it. And optionally, you could also have the VPN connectivity as a backup. So from your on premise data center, you could directly have the VPN connectivity to the transit gateways like this, and that can very well act as a backup network connectivity. Okay, so far so good. What we haven't talked about so far is this a VPC, which does the high data transfer between your on premise data center and why we are not connecting this to the transit gateway? We could have, but we are not, because Transit Gateway has a lot of charge when it comes to per GB data processing. Typically this is $0.02 per GB. This looks small, but if this VPC is doing, you know, terabytes and petabytes of data transfer or this transit gateway, then this is a huge cost and it would make sense to avoid using transit gateway in such scenarios. So the choice for us is why don't we directly use a private Vif you can have your private Vif over this direct connect location and then you can connect it to the gateway or you can directly connect private Vif to the virtual private gateway. But there is no cost for the gateway. So I would recommend that you use the gateway instead, because in the future, if there are many such vpcs to be connected, then you can connect through the same gateway over the same private wave. So it would make sense that you directly connect that to this another gateway. That way you avoid the cost of this transit gateway. Okay. And finally, if you want to connect to the public services, like, for example, S3, again, you don't want to send that data through Transit Gateway or through your VPC because there would be additional cost. Because if you want to send the data to S3 through VPC, you would want to have the VPC interface endpoint provisioned inside the VPC. And that interface endpoint also has PER-GB data processing cost. So it's better you directly use a public VIF there on the same direct connect connection. And in that case you avoid all those charges. Now you know that for public Vif you need additional settings in the sense that you need public IP at both the ends and you have to make sure that you are using the firewalls at your router. Because once you connect your network over a public wave, any AWS customer can send the data through your public wave to your public IPS. So you need to be just a little more careful and put the right firewall while using the public wave. But definitely it saves you a lot of cost instead of using the transit wave or a private wave. So this is how your architecture should look like if you are having your operation across multiple regions and data centers. As I said, there could be multiple variants of this architecture, but I hope this gives you an overall picture of connectivity. So that's it about this lecture. I hope you enjoyed it and let's get going. Thank you.