So you need to know the different types of authentication you can have with the AWS Client VPN. So the first one is an active directory authentication where you as a user will authenticate against Microsoft Active Directory. It's user based and then you can use whatever directory you want or you can use a manage directory from AWS such as the AWS Manage Microsoft AD. Or if you wanted to use an on-premises AD then you have to use an AD connector. This supports multifactor authentication. The second way is to use mutual authentication. So this is where you have certificates and the user will use these certificates to perform the authentication to the client VPN service. To do so, you must first upload the service certificates to the certificate manager and you will have one client certificate for each user so that you can properly identify them. The last possibility is to use single sign on. So this supports IAM Identity Center which we use as the new name for AWS SSO. So you will authenticate against the SAML 2.0 based identity provider again based on username, password and then you establish a trust relationship between AWS and this identity provider. For the SSO to work you can only have one identity provider at a time. So in this example, the client is initiating a connection to the client VPN endpoint and we have defined SAML 2.0 idP in IAM such as the client VPN endpoint is going to check the configuration of this idP. Then it's going to return to the client the idP URL to do a login against. The client will do a login using the URL that was provided against the SAML 2.0 identity providers is where you use your username and password to get back a SAML token if you're successful. And then this SAML token is being passed to the client VPN endpoint which is going to validate the SAML token and therefore establish a secure connection between the clients and the client VPN endpoint. Alright, that's it. Just remember these three methods. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.