So here are some bits of information about CloudFront that can come up in the exam. The first one is around the Authorization Header. So it is desirable for you, to forward the Authorization Header from the users to the origin. So say for example your EC2 instance does need this Authorization Header then you define a Cache Policy, and in this Cache Policy you're going to white list the Authorization Header. Therefore, when the request comes in with the Authorization Header, it is going to be forwarded, back to the origin. So then the request comes back from the EC2 Instance, and is passed to the users. So, authorization is supported for any kind of origin, but not supported for S3 kind of origins. The second one is a pattern to restrict access to an Application Balancer through CloudFront or a custom origin. So first, you will configure CloudFront to add a custom HTTP Header to any request that will be sent to the ALB, the origin. And second, you will configure the ALB to only forward request and to respond to request that contain this custom HTTP Header. Now the value of this custom HTTP Header must remain secret, and can rotate over time. So let's take an example. You have an ALB or a custom origin, and then EC2 instances. Then you access the CloudFront through the Edge Locations. This CloudFront Edge Location is going to have a custom header, called the X-Custom-Header and then a random value. And then, there's going to be a filter on the origin, on your Application Balancer, for example. Such as, if the custom header is not present with that value, request will be dropped. So in that case, if the filter is correct then it's going to be forwarded to the EC2 Instances, and any other user who's trying to access directly your Application Balancer through its public URL, if somehow they discovered it, will not be able to access it. Because they will not know what is the custom header that is needed to actually go through the ALB. And as an extra security mechanism, you can also decide to leverage the CloudFront prefixes of public IP addresses, to have rules in your security group attached to your Application Balancer, to guarantee that, the request only are coming from CloudFront. There's also a way to leverage CloudFront alongside Cognito. So how does that work? Well, say we want our users to be authenticated, before accessing CloudFront and our S3 buckets. In that case, what we're going to do, is that we're going to use Cognito to deploy what's called the Cognito Hosted UI. Which is a service offered by Cognito, which will basically give us a username and a password type of login to get back a JWT Token, which is a JSON Web Token. Then, this token is going to be passed to CloudFront, alongside the request, and CloudFront is going to be leveraging a Lambda function, the Lambda@Edge function, which is going to look at the viewer request, get back the JWT Token, and verify whether or not that token was issued by Cognito, and is correct. If that is correct, then the Lambda function will say, okay, the request can go on, and then CloudFront is going to talk to the S3 buckets. Get back the data, and send it back to the user. So very important here, the one thing we are using, is the Cognito hosted UI to create and generate this JWT Token and then we're using Lambda@Edge to verify the validity of this token. Alright, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.