So now let's talk about AWS WAF or Web Application Firewall. And this comes up a lot in the exam. So it's used to protect your web application at the layer seven so for HTTP and HTTPS kind of requests and it will protect you against common web exploits such as SQL injection, cross-site scripting or malicious bots. And this can be deployed on the following resources. It could be Amazon CloudFront, it could be the API Gateway to protect your REST APIs. It could be your application load balancer, your AppSync for GraphQL APIs, your Cognito User Pool to protect the authentication endpoints, App Runner, Verified Access and Amplify. Now, you should know that even though WAF is for protecting your web application, it's not for DDoS protection. So you can get protection at the layer seven, yes, but for layer three or layer four DDoS protection, WAF is useless and so therefore you should use AWS Shield instead. So what are the protection packs for web ACL? So web ACL means Web Access Control List and you should know how they work. So the way it works that you're going to associate these web ACLs to your web application firewall and you can have multiple rule per web ACL such as the rules on IP addresses or HTTP headers or the body of the request themselves or URI strings and cookies. You can also have rules to protect against common attacks such as SQL injection or cross-site scripting. You can have size constraints to make sure that a request is not too big. You can have geo match to restrict specific countries, ASN match, label match or Regex match. And you can also have rate-based rules to count the number of occurrences of an event. So rules action then based on with the rule defined can be to allow the request, to block it, to count the request, to just get metrics out of it, to have a CAPTCHA, to have the user complete the CAPTCHA before accessing a webpage or a challenge. And it, these web ACLs can be reused across multiple resources as long as they share the same scope. So when you create a Web ACL, and that's very important to know at the exam, it could be either regional or global. So if you have a global type of web SCL, it can only be used for global resources such as CloudFront and if you have a regional type of web ACL, you can use it for any different types of regional resources such as ALB, Cognito or API Gateway as long as of course they are in the same region. Now, here's a use case. We have a rate-based rule to block after 100 requests from the same IP address over a five minutes period because we consider that is too many requests after this. So we're going to deploy this rule. And so as long as the requests are underneath this threshold of 100 requests over five minutes then they're gonna be allowed but then as soon as we hit the threshold, they're going to be blocked. And what's going to happen is that we can also generate a CloudWatch metric and a CloudWatch alarm to have these types of alerts when this happens. You can have a geo match rule for example to only access certain countries to log in with your Cognito User Pool. So while there's no geo restriction feature directly in Cognito, you can combine it with WAF to get the geo match feature. Or you can have a match rule to allow only requests from a specific certain type of devices or browser using the User-Agent HTTP header. The pricing for WAF is important to know, so it's $5 per month for your web ACL. Each rule is going to cost you $1 per month and then the requests are going to be $0.60 per 1 million requests. It may change but it gives you an idea of how WAF pricing works. You also have managed roles within WAF. So there are rules that are managed directly by AWS and from also rules, you can buy from the marketplace sellers. So you get the baseline rule groups such as the common rule sets, the admin protection rule sets. This is for common threats. And then you have use-case specific rule groups such as for example, looking at SQL injection rule sets or we look at rules for Windows, rules for PHP, rule for WordPress and so on. You can also have IP repetition rule group to block request based on specific sources, for example known malicious IP. And also, you have the bot control manage rule group to block and manage requests from bots. Also important to know there's a way to do logging on your web ACL. So you can send your logs into CloudWatch Logs log group or into an Amazon S3 bucket on which you can analyze logs directly using SQL and Athena or Amazon Data Firehose. And from Firehose, you can send it to any types of destination you like such as Amazon S3, Redshift or OpenSearch or anything else that's supported by Amazon Data Firehose. All right, so that's it for WAF web ACLs. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.