So let's go and practice a little bit more in depth the web application firewall. So on AWS WAF, you will have the option to create Web ACLs, and this is where you're going to create your rules that will prevent people from exploiting or accessing your API in way that you think are abusive. And the other thing I want to show you is IP sets. And I will start with IP sets just to go all the way with creating a Web ACLs, so. An IP set is a set of IPs, and in this UI right now you have to select the region, so I will choose, for example, Frankfurt. And you create an IP set, and this IP set, I'll call this MyCorporateIPS. You will define what is a set of IP that you consider to be in this IP set. So it's either IPv4 or IPv6 formats and then you define a CIDR, so 10 0 0 0/32, or you can define your own IP, for example, 165 and 44 and 35 and 32/32 and maybe this is a whole CIDR here, so /24, whatever you want. They can be public and private IP addresses. You enter one CIDR per line and you're good to go. We will use this IP set very soon, but right now, as you can see we've created MyCorporateIPS in Frankfurt. Okay, so next let's go into the Web ACLs of WAF. And again, you need to choose the region you're in. So, we'll choose Europe, Frankfurt. I'm not sure why this is not on the right hand side, but here we go. Let's create a Web ACL. So, now we'll call this my demo protections and this is associated with the CloudWatch metrics, so, here it is. And the resource type we can attach it to is either a CloudFront distribution, in which case, well you define this in US East-1, otherwise it's for regional resources such as, your Application balancers, your AppsSync GraphQL API, your Amazon API Gateway REST APIs, or your Cognito user pools, whatever you want to protect. So right now, I want to protect regional resources, so, here I choose the region. And optionally, if you had created, for example an ALB, you could go ahead and add it directly from this UI or whatever you want to protect. So, I can just add this as a test, but you don't need to have an application about instead you go with this hands-on. I just want to show you the rules of creation of things in WAF. Okay, so now that we have created an associated ACLs, we need to add rules and rule groups. So, we have what's called WCUs, which is the Web ACL rule capacity units. And the idea is that you cannot exceed 5,500 units in this. This is because otherwise it requests, it requests too much processing power and cannot go through all the rules in enough time to actually serve the request. So obviously, now we need to add some rules. So, let's add a rule and we have two options, we can add managed rules, and this is where you can have AWS manage rules, and you can have a look at them, for example, bot control or for free rule groups. So these one cost you money, but these ones are free. And one of them, for example, is like Known bad inputs, or SQL database protection, but it says full on, so this is 200 credits that it costs you or how to protect a WordPress application and so on. But you can also create your own customer rules, and this is what I want to explore in this hands-on. So, here we have three options, we can work with an IP set, in which case we can choose an IP set, for example, the one we've created, and say, okay for this IP set simply allow or block or count or have a CAPTCHA, to have like a challenge, or a challenge, either CAPTCHA or challenge. And this is quite simple. So if you wanted to allow them, you could choose allow, if you want to block anything from this IP set, you could block them as well. But what if you wanted to block anything but the IP set? So there is not the option in this UI. So you would have to go through a rule builder. And if you use a rule builder, I will say block anything but IP sets. And so this is a regular rule, and the condition is, if a request does not match the statement, and the statement is that the, originates from an IP address in my IP sets. So we're saying, "Hey, if this request does not come from an IP in my IP sets, then block." And in this case we block anything but the IP sets. So it's something you need to know, in case you have to reproduce this. The IP address to use as the originating address is best practice to put it as a source IP address. You can also have it as an IP address in the header and you specify the header, but headers can be modified, and so this is more risky. So, we'll use the source IP address, and we'll add this rule and we're good. So now we block all the IP address except the one from the IP sets. Next, we can add another rule, so, we can add my own rules. And the next rule maybe a rate limiting, so rate limiting, and we create a rate based rule. And this time we're saying, "Hey, I want a single IP address to be allowed 100 requests within a five minute period, and if it's going to reach this limit then it's going to be blocked but after five minutes it will be unblocked." So you can set between anything from 100 to 20 million, but we'll use 100. And we're saying, "Okay, look at the source IP address again to figure out where this request is coming from." And then do you want to count all requests or just a request that match a specific subset of request? And it could be matching the statement and you have like, all the information such as, for example, the country or the cookies or the query parameters or the path, and the body, and the method, and so on. So you can say, "Hey, you can read all you want, but you can post only a 100 times every five minutes." This is the kind of things that you would have in this statement. But we'll consider all requests, and we're saying, "Okay, hey, do this and then block." But you can also say, "Okay, let's make sure it's not a bot, so we can instead we can do a CAPTCHA or a challenge, but we'll do the block." So now we're saying we'll block anything by this IP set, and by the way, they cannot do more than 100 requests in a five minute period. Finally, let's say that we know that we are using a database and we're very concerned about SQL injections. So, we can of course use the manageable group from AWS, but you can also add your own rule. So, let's go under the rule builder again. And we're saying, "Hey, block SQL injections from body." And you'll see why I say from body. So, we're doing a regular rule and we're saying, "Hey, if a request matches the statement and the statement is," and you scroll all the way down and you go for "body," and then the body, the match type we want is and you scroll down, "contains SQL injection attack." So it's saying, "Hey, if in the body it looks like there's a SQL injection attach, attack then block." And the sensitivity level is to detect whether or not you want to have more false positive or less false positive, so, low is a better choice, if you have protection against SQL injections and you have a low tolerance for false positives, but if you want the highest level of protection against SQL attacks, you need to set the sensitivity level to high, but it's possible that valid request will be considered as being SQL injection attack, so. It's up to you for for testing and so on, so please test it, but the recommended way is to set it as high. And again you can add text transformations, for example, to modify the content before it is being evaluated for a SQL injection attack. So we're saying, "Hey let's add this rule," an oversize link, so what happens if the request is too big? Maybe continue to inspect the content within the size limitation, and that's a good, that's a good start or a match or no match if you wanted to just, wanted to get a result right away. So we'll add this rule, and now we block SQL injection from the body, and you can actually add your own rule, and again, you can block SQL injections from query strings. And again, you would select, "Hey, if the query string parameters all of them match a SQL injection attack then have a sensitive high, then block it. And again, you can have as many rules as you want, and I really invite you to explore in your own way all the request components and all the statements and possibilities because you will learn a lot, okay? Once you have these rules, you see how much capacity you're using, so, 73 out of 1500 WCUs. And what is happening for requests that don't match any rule? Then I want to block them maybe, or I want to allow them, it's up to you. Next, you click on next, you can set the rule priority, so, which rule will be evaluated first for whatever reason, but I can keep this order right now. Say next. Then we have CloudWatch metrics to see which rules are being matched and how much, and then do we want request sampling? So we can view the request and sample them and view how they're being treated by the web application firewall. Next. And then create Web ACL. And there you go, you have created your first set of protection on your web application firewall. Another thing you can look at is rule groups. So, rule groups allow you to actually create these rules as a group, and then you can just assign a group to a Web ACL, so it's a little bit faster to create Web ACLs by using rule groups, but I want to show you, how to create a Web ACL directly. So my Web ACL is now created, and I absolutely want to actually delete it because it's going to cost me money even if it's not associated with any resource. So first, if you did associate it with any resource but you didn't have to, you need to disassociate it from your Load Balancers, for example. And then you can go ahead, and you can take the Web ACL itself and you can delete it. So type in, delete, and you're good to go. And finally, your IP set as well, you can go ahead and delete it. So, that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.