So let's look at the security of the API Gateway. So if we have a public rest API we can define a resource policy. In this resource policy, the first part is allowing anyone to execute an API on their public rest API, but then we have a deny statement. And that deny statement is saying that we deny anyone who doesn't have a source IP that is specified in there. So effectively we restricted access from specific public IP addresses to our public rest API. That's the number one way to do security. The second way of course as I told you, is that if you have a private API then you must use a VPC interface endpoint to access it. You can not access it without a VPC interface endpoint and here using a resource policy we can define that the private API must only be accessed through a specific VPC interface endpoint. Another question you may have is how to access an API Gateway, private API that sits in another account from.. For example, an account A with an EC2 instance in a private subnet. So the question is, how can we do it? And you may think of ideas but actually the answer is very simple. All you have to do is you create a VPC interface endpoint in the private subnet of account A. So that's number one and this allows the EC2 instance to access the API Gateway service over all and for this, no VPC peering is needed what so ever. That's the pretty cool part about it. Thanks to the VPC endpoint we just accessed directly the API Gateway service and then we define a resource policy on our private API. So that we're saying, Hey, the only way to access it is through the VPC endpoint that is deployed in account A. Therefore we can deploy a private API in account B and then thanks to the resource policy, only guarantee that the account A through the VPC endpoint of account A can access it. And the cool thing about it again, no VPC peering is needed. That is a common exam question. Let's also look at throttling on the API Gateway. So you have account limits and the idea is that the API Gateway is going to throttle your request at 10,000 request per second across all your API's. You can increase these sub limits upon request but in case you see some throttling, you're going to get a retriable error of HTP code 429 called; too many requests. You can also decide to set stage limits and method limits to improve the performance and spread out the request across all your API's. Or if you wanted to you can define a usage plan in the API Gateway to give API keys to your customer and have some throttling mechanism on the per customer basis. Just remember, that one API Gateway that is overloaded and not limited can cause all the other API's deployed within the API Gateway to be throttled. So that's something to take note of. All right, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.