So let's discuss a few deployment architectures for network firewall. So let's take an example where you have a protected VPC and we have a firewall subnet that will contain a firewall endpoint connected to the network firewall service. We'll also have a protected subnet and a private subnet. And we also have an internet gateway. Okay, so then in the protected subnet we're going to deploy an application balancer and a NAT gateway. And in the private subnet we're going to deploy EC2 instances. And we're going to define root table, so we have the private subnet root table that links to the net gateway, the protected subnet root table that links to the VPC endpoints of the firewall. We have this firewall subnet route table that is just normal, and the ingress root table of the internet gateway to link back to the firewall endpoints. Now I'm going to represent in blue the traffic outbound route. So the EC2 instances go to the NAT gateway, and then the NAT gateway goes to the firewall endpoint which is going to interact with the AWS network firewall service. And once that traffic is inspected or authorized, then it can go to the internet gateway, and then to the internet. In terms of inbound, it goes into the internet gateway, through the firewall endpoint, which is going to verify the traffic with the network firewall service. Then send it, for example, to an application balancer, which will forward it to your EC2 instances. And then EC2 instances reply back to the ALB, the traffic goes back to the firewall endpoint, which is again going to be analyzed by the network firewall. And then the traffic is sent back to the internet gateway. And back to the internet. So this really shows the two kind of traffics that the firewall endpoints can analyze. It could be either inbound traffic or outbound traffic. And as you can see, it's a combination of route tables to make it work. Now there are different ways to deploy a network firewall. So here we have a VPC with a firewall subnet and public subnet. And we define a firewall policy, which contain rule groups. And these will define how the network firewall is going to behave. Now, if you wanted to automate adding rules to this rule group, you could use GuardDuty to automatically generate findings. These will happen and be generated and stored in the security hub. Then we can use the event bridge integration to take these findings. And from these findings we can trigger a step function to, for example, to check whether or not the IP that is attacking us is in a database. And if it is not, then block the traffic by making an API call into network firewall so that we know that we should add this IP to the rule group and therefore effectively block this IP from our network. Okay, and then once you've done this you can always send the success or the failure of this to different SNS topics. The AWS network firewall also supports encrypted traffic. So for this, you can do deep packet inspection, DPI, for encrypted traffic with a TLS security. So the idea is that, for example, users are sending encrypted packets to your network firewall, and then the network firewall itself is going to decrypt the TLS traffic, inspect and block any malicious content within, and then re-encrypt the traffic for the destination. The way it works regarding encryption is that it has integration with the AWS certificate manager, ACM, to get the certificates that allow it to actually encrypt and decrypt the data. So once done, then the data is inspected as deep packet inspection, and then finally sent to your final destination. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.