Welcome to Apache Spark and Databricks stream processing in Lakehouse. Let's see what you will learn in this course. So in this course you will learn Spark Structured Streaming. We will start with the Spark Structured Streaming. We will start with the very basic very simple things. And we'll take you to the advanced level. The goal is to help you understand spark structured streaming from the beginning till the end to the advanced level. You will learn everything that you should be learning about the Spark Structured Streaming. And next we will also help you learn Kafka. Just enough Kafka for data engineers. As a data engineer, what you want to learn and what you should know about the Kafka we will cover that. We will start from the basic introduction to Kafka and take you to the decent level of Kafka knowledge, and we will help you learn what Kafka is and how much you should know. As a data engineer, what is the role of the Kafka in a data engineering platform? In the Lakehouse? In the medallion architecture? We will cover all that. Then we will also help you understand integrating Kafka with the spark structured streaming. So Kafka is an excellent data integration tool, and Spark Structured Streaming is a top class data processing tool for streaming requirements for near real time and in some cases for real time stream processing requirements. So we'll learn how Kafka can integrate with spark structured streaming, Kafka as a source, and Kafka as a sink. We will learn how to integrate those things, and then you will also learn how to work with the Databricks platform. We will give you basics of Databricks platform, and you will learn how to work with the Databricks platform, how to use Databricks platform for your Lakehouse implementation, how do you design Lakehouse in Databricks platform, and how do you develop your stream processing applications in the Databricks Lakehouse platform? So we will cover that. We will also help you understand how to implement a unified application to run as a stream, or to execute it as a batch processing job. So spark structured streaming is excellent. It's it's top notch to help you create unified application. And once that application is created, you can execute them as a batch or as a stream without making any single line of change. So that capability, we will explore and we will learn how to implement that. We will learn the mechanics of implementing that situation. So we will cover that, and then we will also learn how to mix in batch processing and stream processing together in a large project. In a typical large project, you may have a requirement where few things you want to do as a streaming process, right? As a continuous stream, but few other things you want to do as a batch processing because your requirement is like that, right? So how to do that? How to mix in batch processing and stream processing. We will learn that also. And next item that you will learn is a lot of best practices throughout the course. I'll keep on highlighting a lot of best practices for spark structured streaming, for Kafka, for Databricks, and not even streaming, but also how you implement best practices for your batch processing job. So throughout the course, you will keep on learning a lot of best practices for your project. Then we will help you understand and implement automation testing for your Lakehouse projects. So in this course it's full of examples and coding and hands on driven course. So throughout the course, whatever examples and scenarios we are handling, we are developing in this course. Every example comes with a test case and test suit for that example. So from the beginning till the end everything comes with a test case or test suit implementation. So you will continuously keep on learning how to write test cases for different different scenarios, how to test different things, and how to automate your unit testing and integration testing. You will continuously keep on learning, and that's an essential part of any good project, right? And then we will also help you learn Azure DevOps. We will help you understand some basics of Azure DevOps. And how do you implement CI CD pipelines for your project. Right. So by the end of the project, by the end of this course, you will be able to learn CI CD implementation and automating your continuous integration and continuous deployment and will help you learn the basics of Azure DevOps, how CI CD implementation works, and we will actually implement a working CI CD pipeline for our capstone project, or for a lake house project. And at the end you will also get an end to end capstone project. So we will take up a requirement and we will start analyzing that requirement. We will go through the different phases of design discussion and design decisions will completely design the entire lake house. Platform medallion architecture and fit our requirement into that architecture will completely go through each and every aspect of a complete project development. Through this capstone project and at the end we will implement integration testing, unit testing, automate all that part. And we will also build a complete working CI CD pipeline for that project using Azure DevOps and in the Databricks platform. So a lot is there for you to learn a massive course, and I can't wait to see you in the course. Right. So what are you waiting for? Get started. Enroll now and I'll see you in the course. Keep learning and keep growing.