Before you enroll for the course, it is very important to understand what are the things that you should already know, right? What are the prerequisites of this course? So we don't have a lot of prerequisites for this course. All you need to know is Python programming language. You should already know Python programming before you take this course. And you should already know spark programming, right? So you should know Pi spark, especially Spark programming in Python and some other spark API's. You should be very good with the data frame API. You should have some little hands on on these spark data frame API, and you should be also familiar with spark SQL. Nothing else is required for taking this course. This course goes through knowledge about Kafka. This course also helps you understand Databricks platform, Lakehouse platform. So all those we are covering in the course, we are covering spark structured streaming completely from the beginning. We are giving Introduction to Kafka from the very beginning. So even if you don't know anything about Kafka, it's okay. Even if you don't know anything about Databricks, we have covered enough. But you should be good in Python programming and you should be good in spark. Data frame API is spark SQL and Pi Spark. If you are not familiar with these subjects, we already have a separate course for this. I have a separate course for Python programming. You can go and take that course. That course is specifically designed for programmers who are already familiar with at least one programming language, and want to start learning Python within a very short period of time. You can finish Python programming and learn Python programming, so you should consider taking that course from us. And if you are not familiar with Spark Programming, Pi Spark, you are not good in that area. We also have a separate course for Spark Programming where we cover Pi, Spark, Spark Data frame API, spark SQL and all that is already covered. So you should take those course before taking this course. And if you are already familiar with these subjects, great, you are at the right place. So just enroll and get started. See you in the course. Keep learning and keep growing.