And next we talk about AWS config. So it's a service to help you audit and record compliance of your AWS resources. Why? Because you can record the configurations and their changes to configuration of your resources over time. Now, when you define rules to make sure that these resources configurations are compliant or not over time, these rules are just here to evaluate compliance. They're not here to prevent actions from happening on your resources. So for example, say you have a compliance rule to look at whether or not SSH is opened on any of your security group because you are not using SSH in your company, maybe using something like SSM systems manager. So in this case, if someone creates a change in your security group rule and allows SSH the config rule does not prevent this from happening. There is no deny rule. This is a very good use case instead for something like an SCP. Instead, what the config rule will be doing will be to look at the compliance of your security group. It will give you a notification to your admins through an SNS topic that, yes one of your security group has changed and it's not compliant anymore and you have to act upon it. Now, there are some automations you can build, but remember, config rules are not here to prevent actions from happening. They're here to give you the compliance of your resources over time. Now, what types of questions can be solved by AWS config? For example, is there unrestricted SSH access to my security group? Or do my buckets have any public access in S3? Or how has my ALB configuration changed over time? Maybe someone did a mistake and I want to backtrack that change. You can receive alerts on SNS topics for any kind of changes, and AOS config is a per region service, so you need to enable it in every region where you need it to be. Also, there is a possibility to aggregate all the AWS config data across accounts and regions into one central account, which is a good use case for a security account where you have login, config and so on. Now, config resource, you can view the compliance of a resource over time. So if some rules apply to that resource then you can see it's red when it's not compliant. And then as soon as you apply a rule it becomes green and becomes compliant. You can view the resource configuration over time so you can see when the changes happen and what changes happen. And finally, in case you have collateral API calls enabled, you can view who made these changes, when the changes happen directly from AWS config, which is very handy. So a bit more details on config rules themselves. So we can first use AWS managed config rules Over 75 managed rules we can use. So it gives us a lot to play with, but we can also if you wanted to, create our own custom configuration rules in this way we would need to create a Lambda function to perform it and link it with config. So for example, we can create a Lambda function that checks if EBS disc is of type gp2 or if any two instance is of type t2.micro. So this could be helpful. For example, if you have a development environment and you wanted to limit your cost. So you would create a Lambda function and then create the custom config rule associated with it. Then you can evaluate or trigger the rule for every config change in AWS. For example, any time an EBS disc is created then do this rule. Or if you wanted to just at a regular time interval. So for example, every one day, scan all my EBS discs and make sure that they are compliant. It's up to you. You can also trigger Amazon EventBridge in case a rule is noncompliant. So thanks to EventBridge, you can catch any noncompliance and you can trigger any kind of destination that is a real destination of EventBridge which allows you a lot of different integrations. But config rules also has a deeper integration with SSM automations, such as if a rule is not compliant. If a resource is not compliant, then you can trigger an auto remediation by triggering an SSM automation. So with SSM automation, you can do a bit more than what you could do with the Lambda function for example, you can change right away security group rules or you can stop instances with non-approved tags and so on. So the actions can be directly written in an automation document in SSM. Okay, so that's it for AWS config. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.