Okay, so now I want to show you stage variables. So to do this, we're going to create a resource, named "stage variables." And we're going to test out stage variables in there. So before we create a method, we need to author a Lambda function, and we're going to author several versions for our Lambda function. So this one is going to be api-gateway-stage-variables-get, and the runtime is going to be, again, Python 3.11. What we're going to do is that we're going to create code for it, and author versions, version one, version two, et cetera. We're going to create aliases, to map these versions to aliases, and then we're going to invoke these aliases directly from the API gateway. So let's copy this code again, and paste it in. And the first one is going to be "Hello from Lambda v1." So we're going to test it with the test events right now just make sure we get the outcome we want. So we need to deploy it to get the right changes. Let's test it again. So we get "Hello from Lambda v1." This is perfect. So now we're going to actually create a new version out of it. So to do so, action, and then publish new version. This is v1, and let's publish it. So now we have version one created, and it says "Hello from Lambda v1." So now we're going to update this code again. So for this, I need to switch versions. So let's go back into our function right here. And we're going to do "Hello from Lambda v2." Again, we're going to deploy this, and we're going to test it. So we get "Hello from Lambda v2." This is great. And again, we're gonna do action, and then publish new version. So this version is version two. Perfect. And finally, we are going to have a last one, which is going to be, so let's go back up one more time. We're going to go to our Lambda function code, and do "Hello from Lambda in DEV." And we're going to again, test this, deploy it, excuse me, then test it. It says "Hello from Lambda DEV," so that's perfect. And then we're going to just not publish this version. This is going to be our latest one. So to summarize, we have three versions. So we have three versions of our function: We have v1, v2, and then latest. So now we need to create new aliases from it. So let's create an alias, and this one is going to be DEV. And DEV is always pointing to my latest version. So I'm going to say "point to latest." Then we're going to create another alias. So let's go back in here, and we're going to create another alias. This one is going to be TEST, and the version is version two, because this is the newest version that we're testing right now. So we save this. And finally, let's go one level up, and we're going to create one more alias. It's going to be PROD. And prod is pointing to our most stable version, which is version one. And we're good. So now if we invoke PROD, for example, if we were to test this PROD version, it would say "Hello from Lambda v1." And if we tested TEST, it'd be "Hello from v2," and DEV, "from DEV." So now that we have our function with multiple aliases, it's time to map it to the API gateway. So it's complete the function ARN, go under API gateway, and then we're going to create a method of type get, for our Lambda function. And the Lambda function, we're going to choose proxy mode again, and we're going to paste this ARN, but then you add something, :${stageVariables.LambdaAlias}. And so here when we do this, the UI says, "Hey, you define your Lambda function as a stage variable." And so you need to make sure the the function has enough permissions to run it. And so we have the permission command right here. So we are going to copy this, and we're going to open Cloud Shell to run this command. So let's wait for Cloud Shell to start. So now that my Cloud Shell is launched, I need to copy this statement, which has a bug in its current state. So I'm going to just show you what's wrong. But maybe by the time you do this, hands-on, it's not here, but the ARN is repeated twice. So you just make sure if you have this bug, to remove this, so that it just has only one ARN and it starts by ARN. So on top of it, you remove this last part, from the dollar sign, and you add "DEV." And we're going to do it three times. So here we will allow our API gateway to invoke the DEV alias of our Lambda function. So let's paste that in, press enter, and it's done. Then we do it again. We change this for test, and we allow our API gateway to invoke the TEST alias of our Lambda function. Perfect. And then lastly, for PROD, and we will allow our API gateway to invoke the PROD alias for our Lambda function. So this is done, and now I can go ahead and create my method. So we're good to go. And what we realize here, is that now if I go into my API gateway, look at my alias for example, let's look at the PROD alias. And we look at permissions, under configuration, we scroll down and we see that one resource-based policy statement was added, saying that the API gateway can invoke this PROD alias. So this is the security part. So now let's go ahead, and verify that the PROD alias is working. So I'm going to click on Test. And under Test, for stage variables, of course, under Tests, you will find that there is a Lambda alias. And here you just enter PROD. And what this is going to do is that it's going to force this test to invoke the prod alias of our Lambda function. So let's test it. And we get a response 200, "Hello from Lambda v1." So this did invoke indeed, the PROD alias. Now if we turn to test, it's going to test the TEST Lambda alias, and we get a "Hello from Lambda v2." And if we do DEV, then we test it, and we get a "Hello from Lambda DEV." So this is showing that this stage variable is now impacting which Lambda alias we are invoking. And this is the whole power of stage variables. So now let's deploy our API to DEV, and to other stages afterwards, to show you where to use the stage variables. So we have deployed our API into DEV, and I scroll down. And in there, you can set up the stage variables. So you edit it, you add a new one, called lambdaAlias, and you set the value to DEV. So that means that for the stage DEV, this variable is going to be equal always to DEV. And so therefore, the Lambda function that's going to be invoked as my DEV alias. I can also create two other stages. So let's deploy this API twice. So we create a new stage called TEST. And in the TEST stage, I'm going to also manage variables, and have a lambdaAlias to be of TEST. And finally, I'm going to deploy into PROD. So I'm going to create a new stage, call it "prod," deploy. And again, we are going to set this stage variable in prod, called lambdaAlias, of value "PROD," with capital letters. Okay. So once we have done that, we can test our deployment of the API. So I have copied my URL, I paste it, and I add "/stage-variables." And you see I get a "Hello from Lambda v1," because I'm in PROD. But if I change the URL, and have DEV, then I get "Hello from Lambda DEV," and if I change the URL, and add TEST, then I get "Hello from Lambda v2." So as you can see, each stage is now linked to a specific LambdaAlias, through the usage of stage variables. And this is the whole power of it. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.