So let's test out mapping templates, and to do so, I'm going to create a resource, and the resource name is going to be mapping, and I create this resource. And underneath mapping, I'm going to create a method, and it's going to be a GET method. We're going to use Lambda again, so let's go ahead and create a new Lambda function. So let me copy this name, create a function, and the name is API gateway mapping get, and we'll choose Python 3.11. Let's create our function. and the idea here is that we're going to choose Lambda function, but we are not going to enable Lambda proxy integration. This time, we're going to integrate directly with the Lambda function. So let's copy the ARN and paste it. Okay, we're good. We have it. And we're going to create this method. Now, this function right here is going to return something very simple. It's going to return a JSON document, and the response is going to be "example" and then "hello world". So as you can see, the Lambda function does something very simple. I'm going to deploy it and test it, so with my test event, and as you'll see, by testing it, it just responds, "Example, hello world." So that's perfect. So let's verify that everything is working by going into my API Gateway, and I'm going to test this, and then I'm going to test it. And as you can see, the response body is "example, hello world" with the status 200. Now, we didn't need to have the status and the body in here in our Lambda function because we don't have the proxy integration. This time, we're just returning whatever the Lambda returns. So this is perfect. Now we want to change the response body to add keys and to rename it and so on. So to do so, we're going to create a mapping template on the integration response. So click on integration response, and then you have mapping templates. We're going to create a template, and here, I'm going to define the content type, so application/json. And for the template body, I'm going to create a new response. So you can have whatever you want, so you can have my key and then my value, and this will be in every response. There will be my key, my value. But we wanted to rename this. For example, we wanted to rename it from example to something else. So let's have the value. So renamed key is my renamed key, and then the value of that must be the value, "hello world". So to access it, we must take the value corresponding to the key example. So to do so, you do dollar inputs, which corresponds to the JSON received as an input. That JSON, you open a parentheses and you open the quotes, dollar sign dot, and then we need to specify the key that we wanna get, and the key is example. So dollar sign dot example. Now, I may recognize this may seem advanced. You don't need to know this syntax for the exam, you just need to know that mapping templates are a thing. So let's go ahead and create this template. and what's going to happen is that now, the integration response is going to go through this template and change the outcome. So if we test again our method and test it right now, as we can see now, the response body says, "my key, my value", and the renamed key is "hello world". So the output of the Lambda function, this output, was being sent to our mapping template, which created this final response body. So that's it. It's a very one-on-one example, but you can have mapping templates on the integration request and the integration response for some types of integration. and this really allows you to transform the input and the output of your integration itself to make it map with your API. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.