So the API Gateway has a tight integration with the OpenAPI specification. So what is the OpenAPI specification? Well, it's a very common way to define REST APIs and the API definition itself is code. So what you can do is that you create this specification using the OpenAPI model 3.0 and then you import that into the API gateway. So you define the methods, the method request, the integration request, the method response, as well as any AWS extension that you can set up for the API gateway. And you can set up every single option of these extensions directly from within the API spec. Similarly, instead of importing stuff into the API Gateway, you can take an existing API in the API Gateway and export it as an OpenAPI spec. Why? Well, because this specification can be used to, for example, generate client code. So these OpenAPI specifications can either be written in YAML or JSON, and then when you use them you can generate client SDKs as I've just mentioned. So on top of having a one-to-one mapping between the API Gateway and the OpenAPI spec you can use the OpenAPI spec to perform request validation within your API gateway. So the idea is that, instead of just sending a payload as is to your backend, API Gateway can verify if it corresponds to a proper schema. And so in case it doesn't correspond to the correct validation, the caller gets directly a 400 error and that reduces unnecessary call to the backend. So you can check whether or not the request parameters are in the URI, the query strings, you can test for headers that are present or not, and that they're non-blank. And then you can also have a look whether or not the payload adheres to a specified JSON Schema model for the method. So all now you can just verify that your backend will not have any issues with parsing and using that payload. So how do we do this? Well, we set up an OpenAPI definitions file, and in it we have an x-amazon-apigateway-request-validator. And here we can define what we want to validate, the body, the parameters on all methods, on some methods, and so on. So you can enable params-only validator on all API methods, or you can, for example, enable all validators on just a POST /validation method, or whatever method you want. So you're really free to verify whatever you want on your API. So hopefully that makes sense. Hopefully you see the power of using OpenAPI with the API Gateway. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.