So now let's talk about how we can enable caching of our responses in the API gateway. So what is caching? Well, we know it. Caching is to reduce the number of calls made into the backend. So that means that our clients, when they talk to the API gateway, the API gateway will first check the cache and if a result is already in cache, return that result. Otherwise, if there's a cache miss, then it will go and talk to the backend to get the response. So the idea is that we really leverage a lot of the cache to reduce the amount of pressure on our backend. So the default TTL, which is how long the results live in the cache is 300 seconds. So five minutes, but the min is zero, that means no caching and the max is one hour. The caches are defined at the stage level. So you define one cache per stage, and it is possible for you to override the cache settings per method. So if you want a method to not use a cache, you can specify it as well at the method level. The cache can be encrypted and the cache size is between 0.5 gigabytes, all the way to 237 gigabytes. The cache is really expensive, so it makes sense only if you're in production but it may not make sense if you're in development or test environment, for example, because there's not that many requests done on your backend anyway. So caching is really something you wanna use in production or in pre-production. Now, how do we invalidate the cache? So you are able to invalidate the entire cache immediately from the UI, or clients can invalidate the cache with the header placed into a query to the API gateway called Cache-Control:max-age equals zero. And for the clients to do this, they need proper IAM authorization. So this is an IAM policy that would allow a client to invalidate the cache on a specific resource. And if you don't impose an InvalidateCache policy or if you don't require authorization in the console, then any clients can invalidate the API cache and that could be a disaster. So now you know everything about caching. Let's go in the hands-on to see how that works. So let's practice caching on our API. For this, let's go to the prod stage and edit the stage details. And here we have the cache setting. So we're going to enable it but this is not part of the features. So if you wanna follow along, just know that you'll have some charges. So you can choose the cache capacity. If you have many different API calls to cache, of course, you want a bigger one. Do you want to encrypt the cache data or not? And what is the cache TTL? So how long should the record live in your cache? 300 seconds is five minutes. So this is a good default but you have anything between zero and 3,600 seconds. Next, you have also a per-key cache invalidation. That means that some values of the cache can be invalidated based on the key but this could be dangerous. So you may want to require authorization to say, hey, only authorized people can actually invalidate the cache. And if so, if it's unauthorized, what do you do? You just ignore the cache control header that was used to invalidate the cache. Or do you wanna fail with a 403 or do you wanna add a warning? And so on. So this is just some things to look at. So for example, we can require authorization and just ignore the cache control header. Okay, so let's save this. So now we have a cache on our entire API and this would work already but you can also further customize the cache and say, for example, for this GET method, you can actually override how the cache is working. So you can edit it and say, well, there should be a per-method cache where you define a specific TTL. You can also define specific rules for the cache invalidation and so on. So let's test the cache. So it's not something you're going to be seeing necessarily but if you go to the stage and it says hello from Lambda and you refresh, now the result is coming from the cache and not from your Lambda function. So the idea here is that if people are repetitively using the same routes with the same arguments, then instead of asking every time Lambda to fetch a result, it's going to be cached in API gateway. So that's it. You've seen how the cache is working. Now to stop incurring costs, please disable the API cache and you'll be good to go. All right, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.