So now let's talk about API Gateway Logging and Tracing. So the first option is to use CloudWatch Logs. And when you enable CloudWatch log integration with API Gateway, you're going to get information about the request and the response body that goes through the API gateway. You can enable it at the Stage Level and you define your Log Level, if you want to have the ERROR logs only, or DEBUG, or INFO. And obviously the DEBUG is going to give you the most amount of information, and you can override this setting on a per API basis. So to make it dead clear, we're going to get a user that makes a request into the API gateway, and automatically that request is going to be logged into CloudWatch Logs. Then the request is making it to your backend, your backend will then give a response to the API gateway, and the response again, will be sent to CloudWatch Logs and finally, make it to the user. So it's very helpful to get the request and the response, but be careful if you do enable this, then you may get a lot of sensitive information into CloudWatch Logs. For X-Ray, well, this is to get tracing information about the requests that go through the API gateway. And if you enable X-Ray for API gateway and Lambda, that gives you of course the full picture, for your API. Then API gateway can be monitored with CloudWatch Metrics and their per stage, and you can enable detail metrics. And so there's a few metrics you need to know about, before going to go in the exam. The first one is called CacheHitCount, and the other one is called CacheMissCount, which gives you some information about the efficiency of your cache. So if your cache is very efficient, the cache hit will be very high. If it's not efficient, the cache miss will be very high. The count is a number of API requests in a given period. The IntegrationLatency is how long the API takes to relay a request to the backend, and waiting for receiving a response from the backend, so it indicates to you, how long the backend is taking to reply to the API gateway. And the Latency itself, is the time between when the API gateway receives a request from the client, and when it returns a response to the client. So that includes the IntegrationLatency, but also adds anything the API gateway is doing. That includes, for example, checking the authorization and authentication, checking the cache, doing some mapping templates, and so on. So the Latency is always going to be a bit higher than the IntegrationLatency. And so you should note, that the maximum amount of time that an API gateway can perform any request is 29 seconds. So if your Latency or your IntegrationLatency is over 29 seconds, that means you will see a timeout from your API gateway. So this is two, these are two really good metrics to look at. Then we have two kinds of errors. So we're getting some metrics related to these errors. You have a 4XX metric, called client-side errors. So this is how many errors we're getting on the client side. And 5XXError which is how many errors we're getting on the server side. So server-side means backend, and client-side means the clients using your API gateway. Okay, so we've seen the API gateway can do some throttling with the usage plans and so on. So we can define also Account Limits, And by default your API gateway will throttle requests at 10,000 requests per second, across all the API's, such as a soft limit and can be increased upon request. So that means that if one of your API is under heavy use the other APIs can also be throttled. So in case you see a throttling, what will you see? You will see an error code, 429 Too Many Requests which is a clients error, because the clients are doing too many requests, and it's retriable but you should use something like exponential back off, to retry these requests. You can also, to improve throttling and performance set stage limits and method limits to make sure that each stage does not use all the quotas of the request, if it's under attack. Or, we've seen before we can define a usage plan, if we want to be able to throttle, per customer. So just like Lambda Concurrency, if one API is overloaded, if not limited, it can cause other APIs to be throttled. So we've seen this with Lambda Reserve Concurrency and concurrency overall but this is also applicable to API Gateway. Okay, finally, let's talk about the errors we can see in the API gateway. So 4xx means Client errors, So the clients using your API Gateway. This could be 400:Bad Request 403:Access Denied, or the web application firewall did not accept your request. 429, for example, if your quota has been exceeded and you're seeing some throttling. And anything with 5XX, means Server errors, so your backend. So 502 means that for example, your Lambda proxy integration did not respond well, or 503 is that your backend is unavailable. Or 504 is that there was an Integration Failure, and one of these failures is that the API gateway did request timeout and after 29 seconds did not receive a request from the backend and therefore we returned a 504:Integration Failure, due to this timeout. So that's it for the API Gateway Monitoring. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.