So let's discuss, WebSocket APIs with API gateway. So what is WebSockets? WebSocket, anytime you see it, it means that there is a two way interactive communication between the user's browser and a server. And it's two-way because the server, it can choose to push back information to the client without having the clients making a request to the server, okay? So this enables stateful application use cases. And so WebSocket APIs are often going to be used in real time applications such as chat applications, collaboration platforms, multiplayer games and financial trading platforms. So in the context of a chat application, the client is going to connect to a WebSocket API on API gateway and is going to establish a persistent connection. So there's not multiple connections, it's just our connection is open and the API gateway is connected to the clients. Then on the first connection there's going to be a Lambda function called onConnect. There's going to be invoked and you can do whatever you want such as persisting the connection ID into DynamoDB and we'll see this in details in the next slides. Then whenever the client chooses to send a message over this persistent connection, it can invoke a new Lambda function called sendMessage. And then finally, when the client has sent many messages and want to disconnect, you will be sending a message to the Lambda function, onDisconnect. So we can work with any kind of integration API gateway has in the backend. It could be Lambda functions, it could be DynamoDB tables, or HTTP endpoints or whatever you want, okay? The idea is that there's a WebSocket API. So what I'm not showing in this graph is how to send data back to the clients. But I will be showing this to you right now in the slides as we go over the details over how WebSockets works because I think it is important to you to understand this, to understand the questions of the exam. So there's a WebSocket URL that start with wss, it's an encrypted WebSocket URL. And it looks like there's some unique ID, .execute-api.region.amazonaws.com/the stage name. So this is when you deployed your WebSocket API. So the client is going to connect to your WebSocket API gateway and establish a persistent connection into it which is going to invoke the Lambda function and perform a connection ID. And the connection ID is going to remain persistent as long as the client is connected to the API gateway. Then the connection ID can be for example, persistent into Amazon DynamoDB to store some metadata around the, what, who the user is for example. Then the client wants to send some messages to the server. So is going to use the same URL I just gave you, some dummy data in here. And is going to send messages over the persistent connection into the WebSocket API and these messages are called frames. So these frames are going to invoke a new Lambda function and we'll see how the routing works in a few minutes. But the connection ID is going to be the same. So the Lambda function can interact with DynamoDB to retrieve the user information based on the connection ID, do whatever it wants and maybe persist some messages back into DynamoDB. And so if the clients chooses to send more messages through the API gateway on the WebSocket API, is just going to send it more frames over the same connection. And therefore the connection ID is not going to change and it's going to be reused when the Lambda function is invoked. Now, how does the server, our API gateway communicate back to the clients without the client making a request? So again, we use the same WebSocket URL and we do the same thing as sending messages but now we want to get some data back. And there is when you have a API gateway, a connection URL callback and it looks like this, it looks just like the URL but slash adds connections, /connectionid. And if a Lambda function or whatever, makes an HTTP post that is signed using IAM Sig v4, to this connection URL callback by specifying the connection ID of the clients, it is going to send back a message from the API gateway into the client. And this allows for two way communication which explains how you can obviously set up a chat application because you can choose send messages but also receive messages. Now, for the operations of this URL, the very specific, /connectionsid URL you can do a post to send back a message from the server to the connected WebSocket clients. You can do a GET to get the latest connection status of the connected WebSocket clients and DELETE if you want it to disconnect the client from the WebSocket connection. Finally, how does the client know which Lambda function to invoke or which backend to invoke? In WebSocket, there's a concept of routing. So the incoming JSON messages are going to be routed to a different backend. And if you don't specify your route, it's going to be sent to the default route. So you can select, you can create a route selection expression to select the field on the JSON to route from. So let's go through a concrete example. So say we, the incoming data from the clients into our API looks like this, the service is chat, the action is join and the data is room, room1234. Then we have a Route Key Table that we define at the API gateway level. Where we define connect, disconnect, default which are mandatory routes and then our customer routes:join, quit, delete, et cetera, et cetera. If we specify the sample expression to API gateway, $request.body.action, it is going to look at the action field of the incoming data which currently says join. So the result of this expression is going to be evaluated against the Route Key Table available in the API gateway. And we see that the join route does exist. And so therefore the API gateway knows that this route is connected to a specific backend and that could be a Lambda function or anything else that API gateway integrates with. And in case there is no route being matched then it's going to go into the default route. So that's it for how WebSocket APIs work. I give you way more information than what you need going into the exam but I think it is very important for you to understand how this works at a high level. And so from an exam perspective, just remember WebSocket APIs is for two-way communication and the routing you need to understand it. The routing is used to make sure that you can route to a specific backend based on the routing expression because the connection is already open and the routing should be part of the incoming data message. So that's it. I hope this helps and I will see you in the next lecture.