So we talked about version enabled buckets for S3 quite a while ago and how we can effectively use them to version our objects. So when object versioning is enabled in your buckets, you essentially pay for every single version of your object. So say, for example, we have this object that we've written to our bucket called robot Jpeg. Maybe it's a picture of a robot that we've been working on building or something. Now when we first store the object, maybe our ID is 1111, and naturally we're going to pay for the cost to store that on S3. However, maybe as we work on our new robot and we make improvements and upload those pictures to S3, well, we're going to create new versions each time. As we learned earlier in the course, each new version now represents the latest version of the object, and the latest version of object is the one that will be retrieved when it is requested. However, each time we create a new version, we're actually still paying for all the old versions of the object as we continue to build more and more. So now we're paying for at least 8 or 9 of these different objects in here, and it starts to get expensive depending on how large these files are. Now, we talked about storage lens already and how it's a powerful feature to gain insights into your storage, But it also allows us to analyze our data and determine where you're keeping extra copies or versions, in this case of our objects. By identifying these redundant versions with storage lens, we can go ahead and take the necessary steps to reduce our storage costs and eliminate any unnecessary expenses by deleting maybe old versions of our data that are no longer needed. And finally, once those extra versions are identified, we can simply use lifecycle rules to expire those versions and go ahead and reduce our storage costs. Now we can define rules that delete objects based upon specified criteria like age or access frequency. And of course, once we set up our lifecycle rules, then we can automatically delete our unnecessary data and ultimately prevent unnecessary costs from accumulating on our AWS bill. So let's talk about deleting objects in a versioned bucket. We already know that if we delete an object in a version bucket, it doesn't actually delete the object, it just creates a delete marker as the latest version and it basically creates that soft delete. One thing to keep in mind here is if you're using some type of like third party tools or something like that to scan your S3 buckets for extra data, well, that third party tool is going to scan this particular object and say, you know what? It doesn't exist because there's a delete marker there. There's nothing there. So what we can do is we can actually show these hidden files that we're probably paying for by using something like storage lens. Now, by using storage lens, we can see how many delete markers are going to be in our bucket. And that of course will indicate that objects are hidden. But of course those are things that we're still paying for. So we can use storage lens to go ahead and figure out delete marker counts and figure out how much data we're actually still paying for that exists already.