The last part I want to touch on here is consolidated billing. Now, most organizations don't just have a single account. Most organizations will have a lot of accounts. Some have hundreds of accounts. And each one of those accounts may be storing data inside of S3 buckets. So if you take a look at this example here, I've got eight different accounts and I've got examples of what maybe some of these accounts may be storing. Account one has 100 terabyte in S3 account three has ten terabyte. ET cetera. And these are all the costs that are associated with storing that much data in S3. It's a pretty hefty bill, $29,000 a month. But if you look at we're storing a lot of data in S3 now, this is the cost per month, assuming S3 standard if you are using all these accounts separately. So let's take a look at this a little bit more detail. If we break this out a little bit further. Again, we have our account one, two, three, four, five on the left, and we've got the amount of storage that we're storing down here in green. If you break that apart in the monthly costs, you can see that, well, we're paying, I don't know, around $0.37, $0.35 is the cheapest here, but a lot of them are 39, 37. Ultimately, what we would love is that we would love to be able to pay this cheaper price for all of it. Obviously, the cheaper the better. This is really our ideal cost rate because that's the cheapest that we're going to find at this particular storage class. Now, one thing that we can do for our accounts, and I would say most organizations are already doing this, but if you're not, I wanted to bring it up to showcase the benefits of it. So one way that we can help save on costs is we can ensure that our accounts follow a proper structure. Now, most organizations, I would say, are doing this today, but they take all of their accounts and they put them into what's called an AWS organization. Now, when you enable an AWS organization, you get a management account, and one of the features that you can enable in the management account is consolidated billing. And what consolidated billing provides you is a single bill for all of your accounts. So in this case we have account one through eight. And as we consume resources in all of these accounts, well, the bill goes directly to our management account here and we get a single bill for all the resources that we consume throughout all eight accounts. Now, it does break that down per account. And of course, you can use things like tags or other things to identify where the costs are coming from. But essentially all of these accounts underneath of your organization are going to roll up into this one management account and you're going to get a single bill here. And then once you get that bill, obviously, then you would pay AWS. So let's check out some of the benefits that consolidated billing would give us. So if we look at our accounts one more time here again, we break down how much we're storing in each account and the costs per gig and our total bill here. Now what happens when you add consolidated billing? Well, that bill sees all of these combined. It doesn't see 100 terabyte, ten terabyte, 30 terabyte, 250 terabyte and builds them separately. That one bill says, you know what, Across all of my accounts, I'm consuming 1300 terabytes of storage. And what happens is Amazon then applies the cheaper rates because that's over our 450 terabyte, which is the cheaper rate. And it applies that cheaper rate to our total here. And that gives us a new bill which is almost $1,000 less just by consolidating our accounts. And then we get the cheaper rates because we're consolidating our billing into a single bill there. That's one of the benefits of consolidated billing. You can take advantage of these economies of scale as you scale up and use more resources, then you actually get cheaper rates and when you consolidate them into a single account, you can actually realize those benefits on your bill.