Let's take a look at cost management here. Now we have a lot of tools that are native to AWS that can provide us a lot of good information that we can use to monitor our costs. So the first one here is Cost Explorer. It's a completely free tool that's offered by AWS. Now it allows you to visualize your data and start gaining insights into your AWS costs. Now, Cost Explorer allows you to filter data based on dimensions such as like service, region type, all that fun stuff, and you can start filtering your data to understand where your costs are coming from. It does provide a user friendly interface for cost analysis and budgeting, and of course you can use it directly with S3. Now storage lens, of course, that's going to be one of our main tools specifically for S3. It really combines data from multiple tools and presents them on a dashboard for us. It does offer things like advanced metrics for in-depth analysis, including metrics like gets, puts, bytes, offloaded, etcetera. It does provide a good breakdown of status codes if you want to get that deep 204 versus a 206 versus a 200. It also helps us monitor and optimize our storage costs effectively. So storage lens is probably going to be your main tool for trying to break down your costs associated with S3 and better understand where you can save money. Now of course we have our AWS cost and usage report. It really acts as a data version of Cost Explorer. It provides us raw data for performing analytics, such as using Athena to get exported data. It does offer us more flexibility and analyzing cost data in detail, and it does also enable deeper cost optimization and custom reporting for us. A great tool to use for Amazon S3. Now we have Cloudwatch S3 metrics. If you want to get really deep in terms like looking at the logs to better understand your costs. Cloudwatch is going to offer us like monitoring capabilities specifically for S3. It provides two default metrics total bucket size and the number of items in the bucket. But you can also track metrics related to gets puts and our Http status codes. So one of the benefits of using Cloudwatch there. Now we also have service logs which allow you to access very granular level of S3 bucket activity. So we have two different types of logs. We have S3 server access logs, which record access requests made to your bucket. And then we also have our Cloudtrail log data events which captures detailed API activity. Now these logs need to be enabled to view and analyze, but again, if you really need to get deeper into analyzing your usage of Amazon S3 service logs could be an option for you. And finally, we have our S3 inventory reports, so this can help obtain a comprehensive list of every single object inside of your bucket. It can provide details and attributes of each of those objects. It also will allow you to export the inventory report to an S3 bucket for further analysis. Now, this is particularly useful for identifying objects that are smaller than 128 K so you can use the inventory report to report on that. So as you can see, like AWS offers a very wide range of native tools to monitor the costs of your S3 buckets. So by leveraging any of these tools or combination of these tools, you can really optimize your spending, improve your efficiency of your data and gain insights into your environment. Now, one thing I wanted to also mention is beyond the native tools that we have, we also have tons and tons of third party tools that are available in the market. Now, I'm not going to list any on here because I don't want to play favorites. There are lots of open source and paid versions of tools that you can use to do cost analysis on both S3 and of course, across your entire cloud environment. If these native tools aren't necessarily meeting your standards or you find that it's kind of a pain to get what you need to effectively monitor your costs, maybe take a look at some of those third party tools and maybe they can give you what you need. So that's going to wrap up our cost management section. Hopefully that was beneficial to you and provided a lot of data and how you can analyze all your S3 usage and your data and make sure that you can get the best bang for your buck when you're using Amazon S3. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next lecture.