In this section, we're going to discuss an important aspect of any cloud storage, and that's performance. Now, although S3 is a hosted service, there are many things that you can do or some of the features that you can take advantage to really increase the performance of reading or writing data to Amazon S3. The performance of a storage service is essentially how quickly and efficiently data can be transferred to and from that storage. Now, for something like a cloud based storage, that may seem pretty basic, but it does have pretty far reaching implications. For example, when you have an efficient S3 performance, it ensures that applications and your services that rely on the storage can run smoothly. And of course, without bottlenecks, this is going to be crucial for data intensive applications that you might be running in your organization. So imagine you're running some kind of big data analytics. You want to distribute this content to a pretty wide audience, or you want to handle backup and recovery processes. In all of these scenarios, you're really dealing with a large volume of data. Now, high performance is going to be absolutely critical in order to process and manage all this data within an acceptable time frame. If you're thinking about backup and recovery processes, well, you want to make sure you can back up in a timely fashion. But it's really, really important when you get to that recovery phase, if you have an outage and you need to recover data, well, time is of the essence. You want to make sure that you can recover that data very, very quickly. So what really affects the performance of S3? It's a hosted service, you think? Well, there's probably not a lot I can do. Well, it's not really just a single element. There are, in fact, several factors in play when we think about performance. First, the way data is accessed, whether it's through high frequency, small reads or very, very large bulk retrievals, it can really make a difference. Then there's the issue of how data is organized within your S3 buckets. Things like naming conventions of your S3 objects can surprisingly have a big impact. Moreover, the configuration of your S3 buckets such as enabling, transfer, acceleration or choosing the right storage class is also crucial. Finally, network latency and the bandwidth between the client that's accessing the data that lives in your S3 bucket can definitely affect performance as well. This section is going to highlight a number of those features and considerations that you can use to increase performance when interacting with S3. Now, the first one we're going to talk about is data locality. And and hopefully this one should seem pretty evident. But say we have a bucket called Amazon S3 Deepdive and this bucket has objects in it. But more importantly, this bucket lives at us East one that is Northern Virginia in the US. Now in your accounts, maybe in your production accounts, you may be actually consuming services in multiple regions. So in this case, maybe we have workloads that run in US East one, US one AP, Northeast one and AP South two. Maybe it's the same application, but we're processing data and all that data lives in our bucket in US East one. So if we think about the process of accessing this data from us East one like we may be pretty good. We're accessing data from the same region that the data lives in. Now we think about AP Northeast one. Okay, maybe we have a little bit of latency here, but it's still sufficient enough to process our data. Now, as we move across Europe, maybe we increase latency and okay, maybe it's starting to be a problem and maybe even we move to AP South two, We have very high latency trying to access our data in our bucket and it's causing some issues. So data locality, meaning where is the data and where is it being accessed from, can have an enormous impact on your performance. So what can we do to help? Well, if we have all of our regions and we have our applications that are accessing our data and we had all of our data in US East one, well, we can use some of the features that we've already talked about in this course, namely replication to start replicating that data into buckets that live in other regions. So we replicate the data to EU West one, AP, South two and AP Northeast one. So now we have the same copy of data that lives in all four of our regions and now we can access all the data locally from our application so we have minimal latency to access the same data. But we're relying on cross region replication to ensure that data lives in all of our regions. So that is one way that we can increase performance of our applications that are accessing our data is simply make the data local to the application. We can use some of the features that we've already talked about in order to do that.