The next topic here is Parallelization. So what does that actually mean? So if we have an application that's running in AWS and we want the application to process data that lives inside of our bucket. Now, inside of our bucket, we may have a prefix called customers and that's where all of our objects live. Our application is simply going to read data from our bucket and it's going to read from Amazon S3 Deepdyve slash customers. Now, the downside to just using a single prefix here is that you have a maximum rate of 5500 reads per second. And if you exceed 5500 reads per second, you may actually get a 503 slowdown error returned back from the API. So any time you read from a specific prefix in a bucket, you are limited to 5500 reads per second. Now that's a lot, 5500 reads per second. But if you are processing a ton of ton of data through your application and you need to input all that data into your app, well, you may actually exceed that. So one thing you can do is you can increase the read and write performance by using Parallelization. Let's see what that looks like. How do we actually increase our data throughput? Again, we've got our app and we've got our bucket. But in this case, what we can do is we can reorganize our data and we can actually put individual customers into individual prefixes. So instead of lumping them all together under a single prefix called customers, now we can break out customers into each individual prefix. So we have customer one, two, three and four here and we have customers respective data in each one of these prefixes. Now what we can do is we can rewrite our application to start reading our data, but read it from the individual prefixes. So we're reading from customer one, customer to customer three and customer four. And again, we're doing this in parallel. We're not just going out and getting customer one and waiting till that's done and getting Customer two and waiting. Until that's done, we can go grab all this data at the same time by reading individual prefixes. Now before I said we are limited to 5500 reads per second per prefix. And in this case, now we're actually reading from four different prefixes at the same time. So what we get is a new maximum rate of 22,000 reads per second. So that means 5500 reads per second. And if you do the math, that comes up to 22,000 reads per second. So by reading from multiple prefixes at the same time, in parallel, we can actually increase the maximum rate that we can read data from our bucket. Again, that's one way we can increase, read or write performance for our bucket. Now this works the same way for writes as well. Again, the example here is reads. But if you are writing data to a bucket, if you write data to multiple prefixes at the same time, you do get a new higher maximum rate for writing data to a bucket. So that's parallelization, which means that instead of us reading from a single prefix or writing to a single prefix, now we're reading or writing from multiple prefixes at the same time.