Hi. So before we really get started with the course, there are a few things that I want to mention so that you can enjoy this course. And at the same time, I also want to set some expectations. And the first thing that you need to know that AWS service limits will keep changing. Now I am mentioning this because you know, in the lectures you might see that I am saying that there are, say 32 AWS region. But when you actually go to AWS, you might find 34 regions. Similarly, there could be a difference with respect to how much bandwidth particular EC2 instance supports or how many VPCs you can create, because these are all the limits and quotas, and AWS will always keep changing these quotas and generally they will increase right now. Good to know is that in your exam you won't have questions related to these limits. And this is for obvious reason that these limits will always keep changing. So don't worry if you see the different number because this is always evolving. Second Now, AWS Advanced Networking Certification has a lot of networking topics, right? And in the overview section we just saw some services and we did not cover a lot of other services like security services, performance monitoring and all that. Right. So practically, it is impossible to dive deeper into every component and every feature of AWS networking services. But rest assured, this course covers everything that you need to know for your certification exam. And as required, we have added adequate number of hands on exercises so that you can get the concept really well. And also you can design your own architecture. Now, having said that, sometimes you might be interested in a particular feature. Maybe you want to deploy something actually in production for your company, and then you visit the course and you might not see all the details that you are looking for. So please understand that this course is built around AWS Advanced Networking Certification Exam curriculum, and we have covered what is really required. Third thing that you need to know is that AWS also launches new services every year, typically around in November December during the Reinvent. And these services will take up to 12 months to show up in your certification exam. So don't worry if the latest services are not there in the course. We are continuously tracking what's coming up and we will add this to the course as and when required. Right. So I hope that is understood further. AWS also keeps changing the UI. So for the labs that you will be going through, our UI might look a little different. But overall the concept, the process will still remain the same. Now again, while we refresh our videos regularly, but in some instances it may happen that the UI is old in the videos and the new UI is a little different. And finally, as we are doing lots of hands on exercises, it is possible that some of the exercises won't work for you though. Again, we will try our best to refresh the videos regularly, but for example, say AWS currently uses Amazon Linux 2023 as an Ami. So if you are setting the VPN tunnel, we use that Ami. But going forward, if AWS launches the new Ami and on that, the same VPN setting doesn't work. And in that case, it is best that you let us know if something is not working, while we also keep track of the things. But we may miss a few things, right? And additionally, we might make some mistakes somewhere. So if you find something, please report to us through the feedback and we'll make sure that we make the necessary changes. Right. So these are the few important things that I thought will be important for you to understand. And at the same time, this is also our duty to make sure that you get the best learning experience. Okay, so I think we are now fully ready to start this course. And with that, let's go to the next section. Thank you.