Welcome to a new section of the certification exam ETL with Apache Spark. Apache spark is a vast topic, and Databricks offers a separate certification for spark developers. On the other hand, the Data Engineer Associate certification only expects some of the fundamental knowledge required on Apache Spark for ETL development. We'll simply focus on those topics in the next few sections of the course. You may remember this diagram from the lecture on Medallion Architecture. As we discussed before in a medallion architecture, the data in the Data Lake house is organized into different layers such as bronze, silver and gold, and the quality of the data improves as the data progresses through these layers. The processes that create the data in these layers are called extract, transform, load, or ETL processes. Databricks allows us to write these processes using Apache Spark, and our focus in this section is to understand and write these ETL processes. We'll start with our focus on the following areas. We'll look at how to query or read individual files, as well as the group of files in a folder to be ingested into the data lakehouse. We'll also look at how to query data from external databases such as Azure SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc. via JDBC. It's important to validate and clean the data as it progresses through different layers of the architecture. So we'll then look at how to validate and clean the data from the bronze layer before writing to the silver layer. We'll also look at how to transform the data as required for business processes, and load that data into the silver layer. And finally, we'll look at how to aggregate the data to satisfy business requirements for reporting and analytics. As I said, spark is a vast topic and the data Engineer associate certification expects us to understand the following. It requires us to understand how to ingest data from CSV, JSON, and binary files such as images. Also, we need to understand how to ingest data from traditional relational database systems via JDBC. It expects us to understand different querying methods, such as direct querying of the files, as well as querying files via external tables, views, etc. and also we should be able to work with simple and complex JSON structures such as arrays. And we should understand how to validate the data and fix the data when required. For example, remove duplicate records in the data or replace missing values, etc. we should be able to perform some simple transformations, create and access user defined functions, and create tables to reference the data. The certification exam expects us to understand how to perform these ETL tasks using both spark SQL and PySpark. So these are the topics we'll be focusing in the forthcoming lessons. And let's get started.