Welcome back. Just so we can make this section of the course a bit more interesting, we'll develop a simple ETL project using Apache Spark, and we'll try to cover all aspects of the topics tested by the certification. Let's assume that we're working for a fictional e-commerce company called Gizmo Box, and they want to create a data lake house using Apache Spark. Gizmo box is basically an e-commerce business which sells electronic equipments direct to consumer. The Gizmo Box Lake House receives some operational data and some external data. Operational data includes files such as customers, addresses, orders and memberships. Amongst these customers and orders file are in JSON format. Addresses file is in CSV format and memberships is just a set of images containing the customer's membership cards. Gizmo box also uses an external system to manage its payments and refunds. The payments data received at the Data Lake House is in CSV format and the refund is made available in an Azure SQL database. This is how the relationship between the six datasets look like. Each customer will have an entry on the customer's file, and the customer ID is the primary key and it can't be null. A customer may have one or more addresses, for example a billing address, shipping address, etc. and customer ID and the address type makes up the composite primary key for the addresses file. Each customer will have a membership card issued to them, and this file simply holds a scanned copy of the membership card for the records. A customer may have one or more orders. Order ID is the primary key on this file, and also includes customer ID of the customer who placed the order, and customer ID is the foreign key to the customer's file. When the customer makes the payments for a specific order, a payment entry is made in the payments file. Payment ID is the primary key on this file, and it also includes the order ID of the order for which the payment was being made as the foreign key. And finally, if the customer chooses to ask for refunds for cancellations or damaged items that are stored in the refunds file. Refund ID is the primary key and a corresponding payment ID is stored as the foreign key. It's pretty straightforward data model. Hope all of this makes sense. If not, please don't worry. We'll go through each of these files in later lessons to understand them better. We want to ingest all of this data into the bronze layer filter, clean and augment the data as required for the silver layer, and create one simple business level aggregate for the gold layer. Now that we understand the project requirements at a high level and the Unity Catalog object model, let's take a look at the data architecture for our project so that we can create the necessary objects as we're using the medallion architecture. Bronze, silver and gold are the obvious layers where the data is written by our project. We also receive the operational and the external data from the source system. This layer is referred with many different names in the industry such as raw source, landing, etc.. Let's go with landing as that represents the landing area for the incoming data. And as we know, we receive the files such as customers, addresses, orders and memberships from the Gizmo Boxes operational system, whereas the payment file arrives from the external payment system, and the refunds data will be taken from the SQL database of the external payment system. Let's now think about the physical storage for this data. Amongst these, only the reference data is coming from a SQL database. So we can create an Azure SQL database server and a SQL database as shown here to create the table. The rest of the data is stored in files as we are working in Azure. We can use Azure Data Lake storage to store this data. The files in a real project could be copied over by Azure Data Factory, Play five Tron or some other data integration solution, but that's out of scope for this course. We'll just focus on the solution from the point where the data has been received. Also, we'll mainly focus on Unity catalog Metastore. So I'll teach you the legacy approach for just one of the sources. We'll create all the operational data files in the Azure Data Lake storage that we created earlier, and we'll create a unity catalog volume over the data files. We'll also keep the external data file payments in the Azure Data Lake storage. But we won't create a volume for that. Instead, I'll show you how to access external files via external tables rather than volumes. This way I can teach you both approaches during the ETL process. We'll also create some external tables and views in the bronze layer, and we'll create a number of managed tables in silver and the gold layers. And this is the data architecture for our project. In the forthcoming lessons we'll implement all of these objects as required for our project. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.