Welcome back. In this lesson we are going to set up the initial project environment we need for the next few lessons. As we discussed, this is the data architecture for our project. We'll look at accessing the data from the Azure SQL database in a later lesson. But let's switch our focus to all other data files. As we discussed, we are going to keep all the data files in the Azure Data Lake storage. And we've already created an Azure Data Lake storage called DEA course ext DL. We had a container called demo, but let's create a new container called Gizmo Box for this project and keep all the files in that. I also want to keep them organized based on the data layers and whether the data is operational data or external data. So we'll create the subfolders called Operational Data and External Data under the landing folder. And we'll also upload the necessary files into their respective folders. We'll then create an external location in our unity catalog Metastore, so that the Databricks workspace can access the data lake storage container. Gizmo box, and all the underlying data. I hope you got a good understanding about what we are going to create. Now let's switch over to the Azure portal and implement this first. Here we are in the Azure portal. Let's navigate to our data lake storage. You can go over to the top left menu and click on all resources that will show you all the resources you got in the subscription. And this is my data lake storage, which is Dax XT, DL. You are likely to have created with a different name, and please find the one that you've created and navigate to that storage account. And once you're in there, you can either navigate to Storage Browser and upload the data, or you can go over to Data Storage menu and then click on containers. So let me click on containers and let me add a new container. As we discussed we need a new container for our project. And we wanted to call that as Gizmo Box. Let me do that. And that's now been created. And let's create the subfolders. And I wanted to have a folder called Landing and Under landing. I wanted to have operational data and external data as sub folders. So let me do that as well. So I'm now inside the landing folder I'm going to add another directory and call that as operational data. And I'll do the external data as well. Now we need to upload the data into these folders. I've attached all the data that you need for this course in the lecture as course resources. So please download the data. I've already downloaded all the data, so let me show you that. And as you can see under the gizmo box folder in my MacBook, I've got the five folders here which are addresses, customers, memberships and orders which go within the operational data folder, and payments, which needs to go into the external data folder. Let's look at each of the folders. As you can see, addresses have got four files, and each one of them relates to a specific month of the year. So 2020 4th October data is in the 2024 ten file, and similarly 2020 501 is for 2020 5th January. So that's how I split the files. And if you look at the customers you will see a similar pattern. Memberships is slightly different. Memberships has got further folders within memberships. And if you go into each of the folders here which are year and date format folders, you will see multiple PNG files. Each one relates to a customers membership card. So this is simply a scanned copy of the membership card for the customer. So you will see a lot of them. And the name of the file basically is customer ID dot png. So we can pull the customer ID later on when we need it. That's how the data has been designed. Don't worry too much about this at the moment and let's just simply copy the files. So let me go over to operational data and I need to upload the data. So I'm going to simply click on this upload button here. And I need to drag the files. Drag and drop the files here. So let me do that. I'm going to simply drag and drop addresses, customers memberships and orders into this area here. And that should upload all the files. So you just have to simply click on the upload button here. And that's now uploading all the files. And that's successfully uploaded the 63 files that I had. And let's go into addresses and just ensure that everything is okay. Everything looks okay for me. And similarly if I look at memberships, I'll see multiple files within each of the subfolders as well. So let's go back to the landing folder now and go over to external data and similarly upload the payment files into this folder. So I'm going to simply drag and drop payments folder into this area here and click on upload. And that's been uploaded as well. And I've got the four files here. So now we've created all the folders we needed to create. And we've successfully uploaded the data. But now we need to enable the Databricks workspace to be able to access this container called Gizmo box. Because Databricks at the moment doesn't have access to this container, it's only got access to the other container, which is the demo container that we created earlier. So in order to do that, we need to create a unity catalog object called external location and point that at this container. Let's go over to the Databricks workspace. And do that I'm going to create a new folder within the course folder here. And this is going to contain all the files from this section of the certification which is ETL with Apache Spark. So let me create that folder and let's click create. And we need to create a notebook now. So let me create a notebook. And I'm going to keep this notebook as SQL notebook. And that's the default language here. And let me name this notebook I'm going to simply call it a setup project environment. And let's connect this notebook to the cluster that we created earlier, so that we can run our commands against the cluster. And let's first try and access the container from this notebook before we create the external location. So let's do that. And as we know we need to run the percentage fs ls command. And we need to provide the URL. So we're going to use the Abfs protocol. So let me do that. And that will be the container name which is gizmo box. And you need to provide the name of the storage account. Dot dfs.co dot windows dot net. Let's do that. Let me execute this command. And as you can see we got an error saying actually the key is missing or invalid configuration value detected for the account key. That's because we haven't got access to that container that we created already. So let's create an external location so that we get access to the container and we can access that. So we need the command here to create the external location. You may remember from our previous lesson that we created an external location to the demo container. Let's go over and copy that command and then make the corresponding changes. I'm going to simply copy that and let me go over to the notebook that we created just now. And let me paste that. And then we'll make the changes. So the command is create external location if not exist. And we need to give a name for the location. As I said, I normally tend to have the name of the storage account and then the container. So the container in this case was demo. But let me change that to gizmo box. And we need the URL for the storage account container. So let me again give gizmo box here. So that'll be Abfs colon slash slash. And then the container name the storage account name and then dfs.co dot windows dot net. And that points to the container that we need access to. And the storage credential is exactly the same because the storage credential has full access on the storage account. I should have said it's not full access. It's the storage blob data contributor access. That's all we need. That gives us access to read and write data from the container. And we got a comment here. Let me amend that and let me execute this statement now. And we've successfully created the external location as I showed you previously. You can go over to the Catalog Explorer and see that. So let me open that in a new tab and I'll show you that. So we should see two external locations. So if I go over to external data as, as you can see here, we've got two uh, external locations that we created. The one at the bottom was created by default by Databricks itself, but these are the two we've created. The one we just created is the gizmo box one. So that looks okay. So let's now go back to the notebook and try and list the container and see whether that works. And as you can see we've successfully listed that container. We don't have any errors. And you can simply navigate through the folders. So let me look at the files within the landing folder and let me click run. And as you can see we got the two subfolders there. So let me copy this and use that. And we should see the four folders which are addresses customers and memberships. And you can look at the data inside those folders as well by giving them as the subfolders here in the LS command. So with that we've successfully created the container in our storage account, uploaded all the data, and also we've successfully given access to the storage container from the Databricks workspace via unity catalog.