Now that we've set up the containers for the source data and created the external location, let's look at the other unity Catalog objects required for our project. As we discussed, the top level container within Unity Catalog Metastore is called a catalog. And we need one for our project. And let's call that as Gizmo Box. We then need a schema or database for each of the layers. So we'll need four schemas called landing bronze, silver and gold. We also need an object called volume to contain all the operational data files received for the project. Let's call that as operational data. Also we'll create a number of tables, views, etc. in bronze, silver and gold layers as part of the ETL process. We'll look at them later, but let's now create the unity catalog objects as defined here, which are the catalog Gizmo box schemas landing bronze, silver and gold volume called Operational Data. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's use the same notebook that we used to create the external location to create the catalog and the underlying resources. So we want to create the catalog called Gizmo Box. There are two ways of doing that. I've said that before, but let me show you that you can use the Catalog Explorer UI to create the catalogs and the underlying objects as well. So you simply have to navigate to the Catalog Explorer via the catalog menu on the sidebar, and then you can simply click on the plus button here, and then click on Add Catalog. Give a name for the catalog and the external location, and then click create to create the catalog. But when you're working with production projects, you will be mostly using SQL to create catalog and the underlying objects rather than using the UI and also the Databricks Engineer Associate certification tests your ability to write the SQL commands rather than using the UI. So there might be some questions around the UI, but it's better to understand the SQL commands as well. So let's use the SQL commands to create the catalog. Before we create the catalog, let's list all the catalogs which are already present in our unity catalog. Metastore. In order to do that, you can run the command called show catalogs. So let me execute that. That will list all the catalogs which are already there. As you can see, we've got these five catalogs already there demo is one that I created and it was created already by Databricks for us. And you will see the other three here. Hive Metastore samples and systems as a default catalogs created by Databricks for you. And hive Metastore is one you will be interacting with if you are working with a legacy solution, but otherwise any new catalogs you create will be the ones you will be interacting with. Let's create our gizmo box catalog. So let me go over to the documentation, and here is the documentation to create a catalog. And we are creating a normal catalog rather than a foreign catalog. And let's copy this syntax and I'll take you through that. And it's a simple command. It starts with the keywords create catalog. And if you wanted to cater for whether a catalog already exists, you can have the if not exist class. Otherwise you can remove that. And we need a name for the catalog. And we want to call ours as Gizmo Box. And they're the only things we need to create a catalog. But the other optional parameters are quite useful. So if you're working with Delta sharing, you will need this line. But we're not doing that at the moment, so let me delete that. And if you have a managed location where you want the data to be written for the underlying objects. You will specify that here. And if you don't specify the manage location, all the data for the underlying objects will be returned to the unity catalog. Root storage. We don't want that. We want to write to the external location that we've got full access to, so we can look at everything that's going on there. So let me give the location there. So I'm going to simply copy the URL path here for Gizmo Box and let me paste it here. And you can provide a comment. And you've got the options to specify. Options could be connection parameters that you need in order to connect to the catalog. We don't have that. So let's stop at comments. And I'm going to simply give a comment here. Again that's optional as well. So but I would encourage you to give some comments so that when you are searching for things, you'll be able to find it. That's everything we need. Let's execute this statement And the catalogs now created. Let's go over to Catalog Explorer and take a look at that. So the catalog which should appear under my organization, let me refresh catalogs here. And as you can see, we've got a new catalog called Gizmo Box with some default schemas as well. So there is a default schema and information schema. Don't worry too much about those. We'll look at them later. Let's go back to the notebook now. And if you execute the show catalogs command here one more time, you will see our new catalog that we've created, which is Gizmo Box. And now that we've created the catalog, let's take a look at creating the schemas. And as we discussed we want to create the four schemas landing bronze, silver and gold. We need to create these four schemas under the catalog Gizmo box. So let's take a look at the current catalog. Otherwise we'll have to switch to the Gizmo box catalog before we create the schemas. In order to see the current catalog, you can run the command, select Current Catalog and then brackets. So let me execute that command. As you can see, the current catalog is not the one we want to use, but the current catalog is the d x w which is the default catalog created for us by Databricks. We don't want to use that. We want to use the gizmo box catalog that we created earlier. The command to switch to the other catalog as the current catalog is use catalog. And then the name of the catalog. Let me do that and let me execute this statement. And now our current catalog should be Gizmo box. So let me execute this statement again which is select Current catalog. And as you can see that is now gizmo box. Within that we can create the four schemas. So again let's go over to the documentation and let's take a look at the Create Schema documentation. And this is the create schema documentation. Let me copy the SQL command and go over to the notebook. And I'm going to paste it here and let me talk you through that. And similar to the other commands it starts with the keywords create schema. And if you want to keep if not exist you can. And that will allow you to rerun your commands without recreating those objects. And I'm going to call my schema as landing. And everything else here is optional. But you need to be careful about what you are keeping and what you are removing. Things like command is optional. It doesn't have any impact, so you can remove it. But I would encourage you to have a comment for each object within Unity catalog. I'm going to just take it out now just to keep it simple. And the DB properties is just a name value pair lets you, uh, give a database properties for the schema. Here again, we can keep it simple and we can take that out. But I want to talk you through these parameters here. Location and manage location. Location is only applicable for the schemas created under the hive Metastore. They mean the same thing. So location and manage location allows you to specify the location under which you want the objects to be created. So if you create a table under the landing schema, the files will be stored under the location or the managed location you specify here. In this case we are working with Unity Catalog. So I'm going to simply remove the location here and just keep the managed location. And we need to specify the path here. And the path we want to specify is gizmo box at our storage account slash landing. So let's do that. But if you don't specify a managed location. When you're working with Unity Catalog, what happens is Unity Catalog will look to see whether the catalog that we created has got a managed location specified. In this case, you may remember that we specified a managed location here for the catalog, so all the objects will be directly created under the gizmo box container, not within the landing folder, but within the container itself. But if we didn't have this managed location specified either because that's optional as well. All the objects will be created under the Metastore root storage, so it's normally worked through the hierarchy. So initially it will look to see whether there is a location specified under the schema. If not, it'll look to see whether there is a location specified under the catalog. If not, it will create it under the default storage. So that's everything we need for the landing schema. Now let's test that and then we will create the other schemas. So let me execute this. And the schema is now created. So let me run the command show schemas to see all the schemas in this catalog. So I'm going to simply execute that command. Our current catalog is already gizmo box. So it will only list the schemas under the gizmo box catalog. As you can see we've got the landing schema or the database already created. As I said before, it still says its database name, but database refers to these as schemas from now. Hopefully that will be changed at some point as well. So let's now create the other schemas that we need, which are the bronze, silver and gold. So let me execute this command and I could rerun it even though the landing schema already existed because I've got the clause here saying if not exist. So what that does is if the schema already exists, it doesn't do anything. It just carries on. So that's what's happened. So all the four schemas are now created. Let me execute the show schemas command. And as you can see we've got the schemas created here. And the last thing we wanted to do is to create the volume. So let me create the volume here. And as we discussed we want to create the volume under the catalog Gizmo box. And also we want to create it under the schema landing. Let's go over to the documentation again and get the command for creating the volume. And this is the command here to create the volume. And let me copy that. We are creating the volume on an external storage. So we need the keyword external here. So the command will be create external volume if not exists. And we wanted to create the volume as operational data, and we need to specify the location of the volume. So the location was under the landing folder and the sub folder is operational data. So let me copy that. So we want the volume to be pointing at this folder here which is uh the gizmo box container uh the folder landing and the sub folder operational data. So let me copy that path and let me paste it there. And you can specify a comment here if you wanted to. I'm going to simply remove that for now. And let's execute that command to create the volume. And then I'll talk you through how to access the volume. So I've made a mistake here I missed a I here. So I'm going to simply accept the suggestion from the I and let me execute that. And the volume is now created. So let me go over to the Catalog Explorer and show you that. So if you go over to the Catalog Explorer and then look at the schemas that's created under the Catalog Gizmo box, here you will see landing bronze, silver and gold. We want to go to landing and under landing. We've got volume called Operational data. So that's the one we created. As you can see that simply showing all the folders underneath the file structure. So if I go over to the storage account let me show you within the storage account we've had the landing folder operational data under the we've got these four file folders. The volume is created on the operational data folder. And you will be able to reference all the folders underneath that folder here. So let me go over to the Catalog Explorer again. As you can see if you browse into addresses, you will be able to see all the files as well. Volumes basically gives you an easy way of referencing your files, and also within Unity catalog you can manage your roles and access. So if you have a team member who needs to have access, you can simply click on the volume here and go over to permissions. And then either give grant or you revoke permissions for the users. So it lets you manage permissions to their data. So that's the main thing with Unity Catalog it lets you manage data governance. So let me go over to overview. And also as I said, we don't have to reference to this data anymore using the APFs protocol and write the complex URL. You can simply use this path here. Let me copy that and I'll go over to the notebook and I'll show you how to reference that. So if I do percentage of RLS instead of using the path that we were using previously, which is the entire path. As you're seeing here, you simply have to use slash volumes because it's a volume, and then the catalog name and the schema name, and then the volume name. That's basically giving you a reference to this path here. So in your head you can think of this as a shortcut to that path. But it's an easier one. And also and also it's got a logical structure which starts with the word volumes. And then you've got the catalog name schema name and then the volume name. And you will be able to see all the folders underneath that. So let me execute this statement here and it should list the four folders underneath that. So we got the four folders which are underneath the operational data here. So from now onwards whenever we are referencing these files you can simply use the volume to reference the files. For example, if I wanted to look under the addresses folder, I simply have to add addresses to the directory structure and then the list all the files underneath that. And I can simply reference any of the individual files that way as well. So we don't have to worry about writing this complex URL from now onwards. So two key takeaways here about volumes is one, it gives you a simpler path to reference and it's easier to manage. And the second thing is it lets you enable data governance to this data. For example you can grant and revoke permissions for this data using the volumes. So I hope you now have a good understanding about how to create catalogs, schemas and volumes and how to reference the data in volumes. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.