So now let's talk about cache behaviors. The idea is that you may want to have different origin, different caches for different URL path patterns. For example, you want to have one specific cache behavior for all your JPEG images based on your origin web server. Or you may want to route different origins or origin groups based on the content type or the path pattern. For example, you're saying, hey, for /images/* just go to S3 for /api/*, go to my origin and for /* then go to my default origin. It's called also the default cache behavior. So in this example of CloudFront, we have two cache behaviors. The first one is /api/* which is sending us to our application load balancer origin. And then we have the /* that is the default cache behavior that is always /*. And you can redirect, for example, to an S3 bucket as an origin. And so the users based on the resource they will get out of CloudFront may be redirected into the first cache behavior or the second cache behavior. Now, when you add additional cache behaviors, the default cache behavior, which is always /* is always also going to be the last to be processed. So we're going to see whether or not there is a more specific match, and if not, then we revert back to the default cache behavior. So a use case for this, for example, would be how to gate access into an S3 bucket because we want to make sure that users are properly signed in through a sign in page. So the way we do it is that we define a cache behavior for /login and so the users who hit the /login page will be redirected to our EC2 instance. And the role of our EC2 instance is to generate CloudFront signed cookies. So these signed cookies are sent back to the user and the user will then use the signed cookies to be able to access our default cache behavior, which is any other URL, then /login and then access our S3 bucket files. And if the users are trying to access the default cache behavior without doing a login first, what we can do is that we can set up the cache behavior to only accept the request if signed cookies are present. Therefore, we can redirect to the /login page and we're good to go. So this is a very good use case. Another one of using different cache behaviors is to maximize cache hit. So for example, the static request may go into Amazon S3. Here we don't have any cache policy with any headers or session. We maximize the cache hit based on just the resource we hit. And then for dynamic, for example, for a REST HTTP server that is using a load balancer and EC2, you may want to cache based on the correct headers and cookies based on the cache policy you've defined as before. So hopefully that makes sense. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.