So let's have a look at the caching behavior of our platform distribution. And this is the behavior I want to look at. So as you can see, we have the default behavior. It's a star. We can edit this, and we cannot edit the path pattern because this is the default behavior. Now if you scroll down, as you can see, we have cache key and origin request that we can set. And so we have a cache policy that we can define, and then we have an origin request policy that's optional. So let's go into creating a cache policy. So I call this one DemoCachePolicy. And as we can see here, we have control over the time to live settings. So we can set the minimum TTL, the maximum TTL, and the default TTL. And here we can have the cache key settings. So which headers do we want to include? And we can choose the headers from this list, or even add a custom header if we wanted to. Which query strings do we want to include? So all, or just maybe again, a list of query strings that we can add over here. And which cookies do we want to include? Again, all or a specified list. So here we can really specify what goes into our cache key. And then we know that data is going to be cached based on these settings for headers, query strings, and cookies. And we know for a fact that if we do select a cache key with some headers and so on, they are going to be passed to our origin request. But on top of it, if we wanted to also have extra headers passed or extra query strings passed to our origin request, we could create an origin request policy. So you will here you create a DemoOriginPolicy request policy. And here again we can specify which headers do we want to add into the request. So we have the headers, we have the query string facilities, and we have cookies. And this is to enhance our own little request in here. So back into the platform configuration. This is where we have the control over the cache keys and the origin requests. And hopefully, that makes sense to you now. So let me cancel this. The other thing I can do is to create a new behavior to override this behavior. So as you can see, I create a new behavior, and here I can say for /images/*, I want to send to a new origin. And of course you could define another S3 bucket as an origin or an EC2 instance, or whatever you want really. And again, you can have a specific cache key and origin request policy for this. And so your two cache behaviors will coexist. And, of course, the most specific is going to be the one that is going to be selected first. So here we have seen how to set up a behavior or multiple behaviors, and next we're going to have a look at invalidations. So first, let's observe the TTL setting by having this index.html file. And we're going to add some text to the title. Maybe I will add it, so let's go into index.html and it says instead of, "I really love coffee," I say, "I really love coffee every morning." Okay, so we have updated this index.html file. What we're going to do now is to go into our S3 bucket, and we're going to upload a new version of that file. So because we haven't enabled versioning, actually this is going to replace that file. So we are uploading this index.html file here, upload. Now the upload has been succeeded. So if we click on this index.html and click on open, this is a opening directly from Amazon S3. So we get "I really love coffee every morning," so we are getting the updated file directly into Amazon S3, but if we go into CloudFront and refresh this page, we're still getting just, "I really love coffee." The reason is CloudFront knows to cache the previous version for one day, and therefore CloudFront is not going to request from Amazon S3 this new file, "I really love coffee every morning." So how can we tell CloudFront to actually force fetching this new file version. Well, we go back into CloudFront, and we are going to go into the invalidations tab We're going to create an invalidation, and we'll just have a wild card, so a star. And this is going to say any object within the CloudFront cache should be removed. And then new objects are going to be fetched directly from Amazon S3. So let's go ahead and create this invalidation. So we can just do slash and then the star. Let's create this invalidation. And now that the invalidation is completed, what's going to happen is that if I go back to my CloudFront URL and refresh this, I'm gonna get, "I really love coffee every morning" because now the file has been correctly fetched from Amazon S3. So this shows you a demonstration of caching and invalidations. I hope you like this lecture, and I will see you in the next lecture.