So say you have a CloudFront distribution and you wanna make it private and you want to give access to people to premium paid shared content all over the world. But you want to be able to see and know who has access to what on your CloudFront distribution. For this, you can use a CloudFront signed URL or a signed cookie and not tell the difference of SAML and cookie at the very end of this slide. So first, when we create a URL and a cookie, you need to attach a policy and you need to tell when does the URL or the cookie expire. What IP ranges can access this data from? So if you know the target IP of your clients, then you should definitely use that. And the trusted signers, so which address accounts can create signed URLs for your users. Then you can ask me, "How long should this URL be valid for?" Well, if you're sharing a content, for example, a movie, or music, you can make it very short, a few minutes. But if it's content that is private to the user that they will access in a long period of time, you can make that URL or that signed cookie last for years. So what's the different between a URL and a cookie? A signed URL gives access to individual files. So you get one URL per file. So if you have 100 files to show you'll get 100 URLs. And if you have a signed cookie, then you give access to multiple files and the cookie can be reused. So this time you have one signed cookie for many files. So choose whatever you need based on the context. Now, how does signed URL work as a diagram? So we have our CloudFront distribution and has a bunch of locations. And for example, we seen before that we can access our Amazon S3 bucket through OAC origin access control for maximum security. And so that means that the objects in our S3 buckets cannot be accessed by anything else, but CloudFront. But we still want to be able to give people access to their objects through CloudFront. So we have our clients, and our client is going to authorize and authenticate to our application and we have to code that application. And our application will use the AWS SDK to generate a signed URL directly from CloudFront. It will return the signed URL to the clients and then the clients will be able to use that signed URL to get the data and the files and the objects or whatever you need, directly from CloudFront. So this works for signed URL, but this also works for signed cookie obviously. But you may be asking yourself, should I use a CloudFront signed URL or an S3 pre-signed URL? And they have a different purpose. So CloudFront signed URL is to allow access to a path, no matter the origin. So signed URL works not just for S3 as an origin, but HTTP, backend of whatever you want. It's an account wide key-pair, so only the root can manage it. And you can filter by IP, path, date and expiration. And you can leverage all the caching features out of CloudFront. So if you look at the diagram, we have the clients using the signed URL onto your CloudFront distribution and then CloudFront distribution talking to your origin. In this case, I put an EC2 instance. Okay, so we have an idea for this. Now for S3 pre-signed URL, it issues a request as the person who pre-signed the URL. So the idea is that if I signed the URL with my own IAM principle and I use my IAM keys to signing this, then the person who has that URL has the same rights as me. It has a limited lifetime. And so the idea is that now the client can access directly your S3 bucket using that pre-signed URL. So the idea is, if you want people to have access to your CloudFront distribution and it's in front of S3. You have to use a signed URL because you cannot access your S3 bucket as you should because there is a bucket policy restricting it to the OAI. But if your users are using directly against S3 and you want to distribute a thousand S3 directly without using CloudFront, then pre-sign URL will be a great use case for it. All right, that's is for this theoretical lecture. I will see you in the next lecture.