Welcome back. Just so we can understand the capabilities of Delta live tables, let's develop a simple ETL project using Delta Live Tables. And I'll also try to cover all aspects of the topics tested by the certification exam here. Let's assume that we are working for a fictional e-commerce company called Circuit Box, and they want to create a data lake house using Delta Live tables. Circuit box is basically an e-commerce business which sells electronic equipments direct to consumer. The circuit box Lake House receives some operational data and the operational data includes files such as customers, addresses and orders. Amongst these customers and the orders file are in JSON format and the addresses file is in CSV format. Please note that we expect to receive only incremental data for the customer's orders and the addresses files. That means each file will only have the new data being added since the last file was generated. This is how the relationship between the three datasets looks like. Each customer will have an entry on the customers file, and the customer ID is the primary key and it can't be null. And each customer will have an address in the addresses file. And the customer ID is also the primary key on this table, and a customer may place one or more orders. Order ID is the primary key on the orders file, and it also includes the customer ID of the customer who placed the order. And customer ID, as you can see, is also the foreign key to the customer's file. As you can see, it's pretty straightforward data model. Hope all of this makes sense to you. If not, please don't worry, we'll go through each of the files in later lessons and understand them better. We want to ingest all of this data into the bronze layer filter, clean and augment the data as required for the silver layer, and create one simple business level aggregate for the gold layer. These are the high level requirements and we need to develop the solution using Delta live tables. I'll demonstrate the solution during this section of the course, and I'll also explain the key concepts within Delta live tables required to deliver this solution. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.