Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll first take you through the specific configuration required to the cluster for accessing tables created by DLT pipelines. Then we'll create the cluster with those configurations. We'll also look at a common resource issue faced by many students while working with Delta live tables. And the solution for that. When you execute the DLT pipelines, a job cluster is automatically created and the DLT notebooks will be executed on that. As we said before, these DLT pipelines could be configured to publish the data to hive, Metastore or Unity Catalog. Unity catalog is the recommended solution by Databricks, and that's what we'll be doing in this course. We'll look at how to configure this job cluster via DLT pipelines in a later lesson. But let's try and understand the cluster configuration requirements here. In order to work with Unity Catalog, DLT requires us to create the cluster with shared Access mode. As you probably remember from your previous lessons, we cannot create a shared access compute with single node. It has to have at least one worker node. So we need to configure a multi node cluster for this. Also we may want to interactively query the data produced by the DLT pipelines in your notebooks and see the validity of the data or further analyze the data. For this we need an interactive cluster. Again, this cluster must be created using the shared access mode so that it can access some of the system level information for Delta live tables. If we use a single user access mode, you may get an error for some of the commands. For example, describe extended table command on a table created by DLT will throw an error. So again we need a multi node cluster with shared access mode enabled to interact with the DLT tables. So as you can imagine we can't use the single node cluster that we have been using so far in this course. And we need to create a multi node cluster. There are two options you've got for this. Firstly, we can use the serverless compute offered by Databricks instead of using another cluster. Serverless is the new offering by Databricks, but fortunately it's available in most regions and subscription types now. So please use that if that's available. And you don't have to do anything else that I'm going to explain in the rest of the lesson. You can find out whether you're allowed to use the serverless compute by going to any of your notebooks and clicking on the connect menu. If you see serverless option as shown here in this screenshot, you will be able to use the serverless compute, and please use that for the rest of the lessons in this section of the course. If your subscription doesn't allow you to use the serverless compute, you will have to create a new all purpose compute compute with at least one worker node and shared access mode. I'll show you how to do that in this lesson, but before that, let's ensure that your subscription has the required quota available to create the required clusters. The smallest nodes available in Azure have four vCPUs, so we'll need at least eight CPUs for the all purpose compute and another eight vCPUs for the jobs compute. So ideally we want to have 16 Vcpu cores available in your subscription so that we can work with DLT seamlessly. Most subscriptions only have ten Vcpu cores available by default. I'll show you how to increase that first before creating the cluster. Having said that, the free subscription might not allow you to increase the quota, but please don't worry. If that's the case, you can either upgrade to pay as you go subscription, or you will have to ensure that only one of the clusters is running at any point in time. You can manually terminate the clusters before starting a new one, i.e. terminate the job cluster before starting the all purpose cluster, and vice versa. Please note that terminate in the cluster doesn't immediately free up the resources, and it may take a couple of minutes to free up those resources, so it could be a bit annoying waiting for the clusters to stop and start, but you can still successfully do the hands on exercises, albeit with a bit of delay. It's only a problem if you have an extremely restrictive subscription with less than eight Vcpu cores, and you can't request for an increase either. If that's the case, you either need to get at least a standard free as your subscription to do the hands on exercises, or please watch the videos to get the knowledge required for the exam. Hope that makes sense. Let's switch over to the Azure portal and I'll show you first how to request for an increase in quota. And then we'll create the all purpose cluster required for working with Delta Live tables. Having said that, as I said before, if you already have access to the serverless compute, please use that and you don't have to create the all purpose compute. And let's switch over to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure portal in order to find out the quota availability for a subscription. We need to access a service called quotas so we can simply search quotas from the search box here. And as you can see the service quotas is listed here. So I'm going to simply click on that. And we're looking for the quota for our compute resources. So let me click compute here and let me filter down to my region. I'm currently working in the UK South region. That's where my Databricks service is as you can see here. So I'm going to simply filter down to that region. So I would encourage you to do the same for your region. And we should be looking for two quota names here. The first one is the total regional vCPUs that basically tells you how many vCPUs you have available in your subscription for that region in total, immaterial of which family group of the virtual machine it is. So in this case, I only have a ten virtual machines available or vCPUs available in this region, so I need to increase that. As I said, I want to at least go up to 16, so I'm going to push it up to 20. In order to increase that, you simply click on the adjustment button, the edit button here. So click on that and you can give the new limit. I'm going to just simply give it as 20 and click submit here. And that takes a couple of minutes. And then it becomes active or your quota gets increased to the new value. And if there are any issues you will get an error message here. As you can see it's it's been successfully applied. So the quota has been adjusted to the new value which is 20. So let me close that now. And we've done that change. The next thing we want to do is to increase the quota for the specific type of VM we're going to use. I generally tend to use the VM type called ds v2. And we need to find that family. Either you can scroll down and find it or you can do it from the search box. So let me scroll down and see if I can find it. Otherwise I'll go to the search bar there. So this is the family that I use. So when I create a Uh, Databricks cluster. I generally tend to use the node types ds3, v2, and that belongs to DS v2 family. Here. Again, as you can see here, I can only go up to ten cores, but I want to use 16 cores. So I'm going to simply update that again to 20 cores. So let me do that. So 20 is my new limit and let me submit. And that's been successfully applied as well. So we've successfully increased the quota for our DS v2 family of virtual machines, as well as the total regional vCPUs as well. That's brilliant. So let's now go over to our Databricks workspace and create the cluster that we need to work with DLT. Let's navigate to compute. And let's click Create Compute to create the cluster here. And I'm going to call my cluster as DLT cluster. And you can leave the policy as unrestricted. And as we discussed, we need to create a multi node cluster for working with DLT. So I'm going to leave that as it is here. And also as we discussed we need the access mode to be shared rather than single user. So I'm going to change that to shared. And we need to pick the runtime version. I'm going to go with 15.4 LTS because that's the one with the long term support. And that's the latest one pick the latest one available for you. And we don't need photon acceleration for this project because we don't have an awful lot of data. So I'm going to untick that. And that will save some money. And we need to pick the worker type. As we discussed I'm going to use the VM family of RDS v2. You'll find that under general purpose. So let me scroll down. And I'm going to go for the standard DS3 v2 cluster which is only four cores. So I'll need eight cores for this cluster and eight for the DLT cluster later on. So in total I'll only need 16 at any point in time. And we've increased the quota to be 20. So we should be within the quarter all the time. So let me select that. And we are going to have just one worker node. Either you can disable auto scaling or give the workers as one and one here. And driver type is going to be the same as the worker type which will be the DS3, v2 VM type as well. And I'm going to terminate the cluster after 30 minutes of inactivity. I don't want to wait for two hours and spend unnecessary money on that, so I'm going to terminate it after 30 minutes. And that's everything we need. As you can see on the right hand side under summary, we're going to have one worker node which is for 14GB of memory and four cores and one driver node. Again that's for course. We're going to have eight cores for this cluster. And we're using this runtime which is the latest one here. And that's going to be unity catalog enabled. And it's going to be 1.5 DB used, which is going to be the billing from Databricks, as well as we'll be paying for the VM's to Azure as well. So let me click create here to create the cluster. And the cluster is now being created. And let's go over to the event log to see if there are any issues. If there are any issues you will see that within event type you will see the error. And you can simply click on the event type and then see the detailed message. So if for any reason you are getting errors, please come over here and look at the event log. Most of the time that will be down to you exceeding the quota. So that will give you an idea. But if it is because of quota, please go over to the quotas within Azure portal and then you can look to see how many CPUs you're using at that point in time. So you can simply come over here and then refresh just to see how many cores are being used. And as you can see here, I'm using eight cores from standard DS3, v2 family and also my total regional vCPUs is only eight. That's because I'm not running any other VMs. So if you ever get any issues around quotas, please come over here to investigate it further. So let me go back to my cluster. The cluster is now created and it's successfully running. And as you can see here, the new cluster is using 28GB of memory and is using eight cores. And I could delete the old cluster that I have got. And I can use the new cluster for all our workloads, but I'm going to keep both of them. That's because the old cluster that we got is a single node cluster, and it's cheaper to run this cluster, so it will be half the price of running the DLT cluster that we've created here. So I'm going to use the old cluster for all of the workloads for this course. And I'm going to use the DLT cluster just for the DLT workloads so I can keep the cost low. And I would encourage you to do the same. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.