Welcome back. In this lesson, let's set up the project environment required for the circuit Box project. You will be familiar with most of these from the ETL project that we did earlier called Gizmo Box. But there is a subtle difference between the two environments, so please follow along with me. As we discussed, we are going to use Unity Catalog for this project, and we have already created the Unity Catalog, Metastore and a storage credential as part of the Unity Catalog section of this course. So we won't create them here, but we will use these objects where required. I want to keep all the objects for the circuit box project in a separate catalog, so that it's easier to manage access. Let's create a new catalog called Circuit Box. Now we need to think about the schemas. Obviously we need a landing schema for all the operational data being landed from the source system. We can also create a volume called Operational Data and keep all the files in the underlying Azure Data Lake storage container. We now need to think about the schemas for the ETL process. Our natural instinct would be to create the schemas bronze, silver and gold as we did for the other ETL project earlier. But unfortunately, DLT pipelines currently support only one target schema for a pipeline at the moment. I think it's an oversight from the Databricks product team, and they're trying to fix it in the future release of the product, and a solution is currently in private preview. But at the moment when you're working in public preview or in general availability, at the moment we can only have one schema to hold tables from all these three different layers. So let's create a schema called Lakehouse, and we'll prefix the tables with the name of the layer to ensure that there are no clashes with naming objects within the project. Let's now think about the setup required for the Azure Storage account. As we said before, we do not want to use the default storage and we want to use the external data lake. We already have a storage account called DEA cos xt dl. So we'll use that. We can create a container within the storage account called Circuit Box to keep all the data for this project, but we need access to this container via unity catalog. For that we can create an external location in Unity Catalog using the storage credential. As you know, the storage credential already has access to the storage account. So the Unity catalog will also get the required access to this container. Now within the circuit box container let's create this folder structure. To keep the files. We basically end up with all the data in the folder called operational data. As you know, to make it easier to access these files, we can simply point the Unity Catalog volume to reference to this folder path. Finally, we also need a folder called Lakehouse as the manage location of the Lakehouse schema in the unity catalog. This is everything that we need. Just to recap, we've already created the Storage Account Unity catalog Metastore and the storage credential, but we need to create all other objects. I appreciate that it may look a bit overwhelming at first, but please don't worry, it doesn't take much time to create them. The planning is what takes most of the time, and it's worth doing it upfront so that we don't have to retrospectively go back and fix any issues later. So in any project, I would encourage you to plan everything upfront like this before creating the resources. Let's now start with setting up the Azure Data Lake storage. As you can see in this diagram, we need to create the container circuit box with the folders Landing and Lake house. And then we need to create a folder called Operational Data within the landing folder. And the operational data folder should include the subfolders, customers addresses and orders. Let's switch over to the Azure portal and get started with creating these. Here we are in the Azure portal. Let's go over to the storage account which is the external storage account. For me it's called Dax xt DL. And let's go over to data storage. Under data storage you will see containers. And we can click on the Plus container menu here to create a new container. So let's click on that. And I'm going to create the new container that we wanted which is called Circuit Box. And let's click create. And within that container we need to create two folders. So I'm going to click on plus Add directory to add the landing folder. And we need one more folder within this container. And that's called Lakehouse. Let's do that as well. And within the landing folder we need another folder called Operational Data. And as we know operational Data contains the three folders for our files which are customers addresses and orders. Let's create them as well. And that's everything that we needed in the storage account. Just to recap, we created the container called Circuit Box, and within the container circuit box we've created the two folders Landing and Lakehouse. And landing is where the data lands. Lakehouse is where the Delta tables are going to be created. And let's go into landing. Within landing we created another folder called Operational Data. And we've got the three folders here which are addresses customers and orders. And these are the ones which are going to have the data. Let's also upload some files into these folders which are required for our project. Just so you're aware, I've given all the files that are required for our project as resources in this lecture, and that will be one zip file. So please download that and extract the files. I've already extracted the files in my local computer here. As you can see I've got three folders addresses, customers and orders. If I go into them, I'll see two files day one and day two on each one of them. Please upload only the day one files. This is because I want to demonstrate how incremental load works as well. So when I come to demonstrate incremental load, we'll upload the day two file and see how that works as well. So please don't upload the day two files, just upload the day one files. I'm going to upload the day one files into each of the folders here. So we've now successfully uploaded all the files that we need for our project. To start with, let's now go over to the Databricks workspace and create the unity Catalog objects that we need. As you can see here, I've created a new folder called D06 Delta Live Tables for this section of the course. And within that I've got a new notebook called O1 Dot Setup Project Environment. And that's the one I'm going to use to create the unity catalog objects that we need. So as you can see in the diagram we need five different objects, which are the external location and the catalogue here circuit box and the two schemas landing and lake house and the volume operational data. So as you can see, the external location should be pointing at the container circuit box in our external storage account. So let me go down. So we're going to create the external location here. These are the three pieces of information that we need. We're going to name our external location as Darkxst del circuit box. And that's going to be pointing at the container circuit box in our storage account. And we're going to use the storage credential Darkxst SC to create the external location. As you may remember, we created this storage credential in our Unity Catalog section of the course. In case you're not able to remember the name of the storage credential that you used, please go over to the Catalog Explorer and you will be able to see the storage credential by going to external data here and going to the credentials menu here. As you can see here, this is the one we created. And this was created by default by Databricks. And we didn't use that for our purposes. And we are using the DEA Cos XT SC storage credential for our projects. So let's use that. Let me go back to my notebook and I'm going to start writing the Create external location statement here. So let me do that. So that's everything we needed. As you can see here. We've got the name of the external location here and the URL which is pointing at the container that we created in our storage account. And we're using the storage credential Darkxst SC. And I've also added a comment here. So let me execute this statement. And that's successfully completed. But let's ensure that we can access this storage location. So I'm going to use the percentage fsls command. And as you can see that successfully executed. And we are able to see the folders within that container. That's brilliant. So let's move on to creating the catalog now. Again you may remember that to create a catalog you need two pieces of information, which is the name of the catalog and the manage location. So the manage location for the catalog is going to be the circuit box container itself. So let me copy that and I'm going to use that in my create catalog statement. So that's everything we needed. And I should tell you that the manage location we've given here is never going to be used, because we are going to give manage location for each of the schemas within the catalog. Let's execute this statement to create the catalog. Now while that's executing I'm going to run the this shortcut logs command to make sure that the catalog appears in the catalogs available in our unity catalog. As you can see here, we've got the circuit box catalog already created. That's brilliant. Now we can create the schemas. So let's switch to the catalog that we created just now so that we don't have to qualify all our schemas with the catalog name. And as we know we can use the create schema command to create the schemas. And let's create the landing schema first. And we need the manage location for the landing schema. So let me give the manage location. And I've given the manage location here. So the manage location of the landing schema is going to be the landing folder within our circuit box container. So let me copy this. So let's now create the Lakehouse schema as well. And as we know the manage location of the Lakehouse schema is going to be the Lakehouse folder. So let's terminate that statement as well and let me execute this. So I've got an error. That's because I didn't use the right command here. It should be use catalog rather than just use. So let me execute this statement again. And the schemas are now created. You can run the show schemas command to see whether the schemas exist. Let me do that. So as you can see we've got the two schemas landing and Lake house. Other two are created by default for you. So the last thing we want to do is to create the volume. So again we need two pieces of information which is the name of the volume and the path to which the volume is going to be referencing to. So let me use the use catalog command to switch to the circuit box catalog. And also we're going to create the volume in our landing schema. So let's switch to that as well. So that will be use schema landing. So within that landing schema is where we are going to create our volume. So you may remember from the previous lesson it has to be external volume. So that will be create external volume. And we need to give a name for our volume. I'm going to call that as operational data. And we simply have to give the location here. So the location is the circuit box container. Within that we've got the landing folder and we've got the operational data folder within that. So the A is correctly detected that. So that's brilliant. So let me execute this statement here now. And the volume is now created. But I want to do one last test. I want to see whether we can access our folders via the volume. So again as you may remember we can use the percentage fs ls command or the file system utility. And we need to give a path to our volume. The path to the volume starts with the word Volumes, and we need to give the name of the catalog which is circuits. And we need the name of the schema which is landing here. And then we need to use the volume name which is operational data. So this folder path should be pointing at the location we've given here, which is the operational data folder within our circuit box container. So let me execute this statement. And if we created everything successfully we should be able to see the files. But I've got an error. Let me take a look at it. So that's because I've just given circuits as the folder name here. It should be circuit box. So let me change that. And as you can see, it successfully listed all the files within the Operational data folder which are customers addresses and orders folders. That's brilliant. So we've done everything that we need in order to set up the environment for our project. And in the next lesson, we'll start developing the project. I'll see you then.