Welcome back. In this lesson, we'll quickly go over the data ingestion requirements for the customers file and start developing the solution to ingest the data into the lake house using streaming tables. Let me quickly walk you through the requirement as we discussed. We receive incremental data for the customer's file, i.e. one only new information since the last file was generated will be included in the new file. The file names are suffixed with day one, day two, etc. and day one. File just has the new or updated customer details from day one. Day two has just the customers from day two, etc.. If a customer changes their details, we'll get another record with the new details and we should handle that. This will be done in the silver layer later, but let's focus on the specific requirement for the ingestion into the bronze layer. Now firstly, the data needs to be incrementally loaded into the bronze layer. That means we should only ingest the newly arrived files since the previous execution of the pipeline. To achieve this, we need a mechanism to keep track of the files arriving in the cloud storage and identify just the files arrived since the last execution. Fortunately, we don't need to write any complex logic for this. Databricks offers a feature called auto Loader, which does this for us to make it even easier to work with auto loader. Databricks have made a table valued function available for us, and it's called cloud files. It's very simple to use. And also when using auto loader with DLT, DLT takes care of checkpointing and retries behind the scenes. So we don't need to even worry about this. You just have to access the function cloud files. And it's very similar to the read file function that we saw earlier. We'll also create the bronze table as a streaming table to handle the data as a stream for the downstream access. The second requirement is that we need to ingest all the records. We don't want to remove any duplicates, null values, etc.. Finally, we want to add a couple of new columns such as the input file path, which is the file path of the ingested file name from the cloud storage and ingestion timestamp, which is current timestamp. You'll be familiar with these from the ETL project earlier. Now that we understand the requirements, let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. As you can see, I've created a new notebook called Oh2 dot Process Customers data. And this is going to contain all the code that's required to process the customers data, which includes ingesting the data into the bronze table and doing data quality checks, and also applying the changes finally, to this silver table. But in this lesson, our focus is to create the bronze table. Before we start writing the code, let's go over to the data and let me explain the data. So here we are in the Azure storage. That's where we got our data. And let me go into the customers folder. And as you know we only have one file called customers underscore day one. Let me open that. And as you can see it's a very simple JSON file with a few columns customer ID, customer name, date of birth, telephone number, email and created date. And there are some data quality issues with the data. As you can see, customer name is null for the customer ID 1008. And also there are some telephone numbers being null, emails being null, etc. we'll handle those data quality issues later down the road when we talk about the silver layer, but at the moment we just want to ingest all of these ten records into our bronze table, and we want to create the bronze table as a streaming table, so that our downstream process can also stream the data from the streaming table. So let me close this and go over to our notebook and let's start writing the code. So, as you know, the syntax is very similar to a C to statement in SQL. Instead of create or replace, it starts with create or refresh. And that's then followed by the type of the table. In this case it's streaming table. So let me type in streaming table and we need to give a name for the table. Please note that we can't provide a schema here. Schema is configured in the DLT pipeline when we create it. And we can only provide one schema in the pipeline for all the notebooks that are attached to that pipeline. So let's name the table as bronze underscore customers so that it's obvious that this table relates to bronze layer. Ideally, we would have created a bronze schema and then created the table in that schema. But as I said there is a restriction. That's why we are creating the table as bronze. Bronze underscore customers here. And as I said, the restriction on being able to use only one schema is expected to change in the near future. Databricks is working on a solution which is currently in private preview. Hopefully that will be generally available and I'll keep you updated on that. So this is then followed by the AZ select keyword. And also you can provide table properties and comments as well for the table. So let's do that. So I'm going to give a comment and a table property here. Let's define the table property as quality. And then I'm going to say this is bronze. So it is just the raw ingested data. Let me do that as well. Now we need to select the required information. As we know we need to read the customer's file from the landing container. And you might be tempted to use the read files or the data query method, which is using JSON dot the file name notation to read the files. But as you may remember, those two methods will read all the files from the folder that's given to those functions. And we don't want that. We want to incrementally read the data. We only want to read the new new files that have arrived since the last execution. For this, as we said, Databricks offers the feature called auto loader. It basically helps you incrementally read the data. And also it takes care of things like schema inference, schema evolution, etc. and lets you read dev files of wide variety such as CSV, JSON, parquet, etc. and it also gives you exactly once guarantees as well. So we're going to use that. And that goes in the From clause of the Select statement. So let me type that in and it takes in a few parameters. The first parameter we need to provide is the folder path. So our file is in the volume. So either we can use the Abfs protocol or we can use the volume. So volumes are easier to use. So let's use the volume. So that's in our circuit box catalog under landing schema. And the volume is called operational data. And we want to read the customers folder. So let me simply get that in here. So that's the folder that we are going to read. And we need to provide the type of the file. In this case it's a JSON file. So I've just provided JSON as the second parameter. And we can provide a list of other parameters to influence the behavior of autoloader. The one thing I want to use here is to infer column types. So if you don't specify that you want to infer the column types from the data being read, auto loader will always assign the column type as string for every column being created in this table. We don't want that. We want to say. We want auto loader to infer the column types from the data it's reading. So let's pass that in. That goes in a map basically as name value pairs. And I'm going to feed in the infer column types parameter here. And let's set that to true. So that's everything we need. And let me terminate this statement as well. And we want to read all the files from our data. So we can use select star. And we also have a requirement to add the two additional columns. You may remember one is the input file path and the other one is the ingestion timestamp. You'll be really familiar with these ones from the previous lessons, and let me give them the input file path. I'm going to use the metadata column here. And that will be underscore metadata dot file path. And as we discussed we want to give the current timestamp as the ingestion timestamp, so let me provide that as well. With that, we now have a SQL statement which reads the data from a customer's folder and incrementally ingest that data into the streaming table called bronze underscore customers. You might be tempted to just execute this cell from here, as we did before with Spark notebooks, but unfortunately, you can't do that with DLT notebooks. Executing this command will simply validate the command, and it doesn't execute the statement. For that, you will have to create a DLT pipeline. But let me demonstrate this anyway. And I'm going to connect this to the DLT cluster that we created previously. And let me execute this cell. And as you can see it simply validated the SQL statement. And it's asking us to create a new pipeline to run this code. So that's what we'll be doing in the next lesson. I'll see you then.