Welcome back. Now that we've created a DLT notebook to ingest the customers file into the bronze layer. Let's look at executing this notebook via a DLT pipeline. I appreciate that we have some more code to write for this notebook for the silver layer, but I want to demonstrate a complete developer experience for you before progressing any further. That's because I really like the Databricks user interface in general, but DLT is one area in which it's a bit clunky and difficult to use. For example, as you saw in the last lesson, it doesn't support a single cell debug like we do in spark notebooks. So I want to get you comfortable with this before we go any further. In order to create the Delta Live Tables pipeline, you will have to go over to the sidebar and select workflows from the menu, and you will see pipelines on the top menu here. And let's click on that. Please note that this tab used to be called Delta Live Tables until a few days ago, so you may still see that in the documentation. And to create a new Delta Live Tables pipeline, you can click on the Create Pipeline button here and select ETL pipeline. Again, please note that ETL pipelines and Delta Live tables now refer to the same thing in Databricks. Databricks is slowly moving towards calling Delta live tables as ETL pipelines. So please be aware of that. And this wizard will guide you through the information that's required in order to create a Delta Live Table pipeline. So let's start with the pipeline name. As you know, this pipeline is going to be doing the ETL for the circuit box lakehouse. So I'm going to call it as PL hyphen ETL circuit box Lakehouse. Let's do that. And the next option we need to choose is Product Edition. I'm saying core Pro and Advanced. You may see one more option called serverless. I'm not saying that because my workspace is not enabled with serverless, but Databricks is planning to enable all the workspaces with serverless in the upcoming months. So you may see one more option here, but let me take you through what they are before we choose the right one for our DLT pipeline. I'm going to click on Help Me Choose here. And that takes us to this page here. And we're working with Azure. So I'm going to simply change it to Azure. And my region is UK South. So I'll see all the billing information relevant for UK South. As you can see DLT serverless cost is going to cost $0.50 per Databricks unit. And the others are going to cost the amounts. As you can see here, 30, 38 and $0.54. That's okay. But the important information I want to take you through is the difference in features. So DLT serverless gives you a couple of other features which are things like enzymes that helps with incremental refresh of materialized views and also streaming pipelines. None of the others gives you that option, but they are more to do with performance rather than the features we are going to be working with. The features we are going to be interested in are things like CDC, which is change, data capture, slowly changing dimensions, type two data quality expectations, and data quality observable observability. These are the only things we are interested in here. That's what we're going to be learning in the upcoming lessons. As you can see here, serverless supports a couple of those. And a couple of those are in preview. So I wouldn't encourage choosing serverless as of now, but you will have to pick between the others. As you can see here, the Core Product Edition doesn't support any of those features, so that's not suitable for us. Pro supports change data capture and slowly changing dimensions, but it doesn't have any support for data quality expectations. Our project is going to have data quality expectations as well. So we will have to choose advanced. As you can see here, advanced supports all of the features that we are interested in. So let's go for advanced I'm going to go back to my pipeline. So the default option is advanced I'm going to leave it at that. And the next option we need to choose is pipeline mode. You can choose between triggered and continuous. Triggered pipelines have to be either triggered manually or on a schedule via a job. Continuous pipelines will always be running and ingest the data as and when there is new data available, but in our case, we're going to manually place some files and trigger the pipeline. So let's keep it as trigger so we can save some cost on continuously running the pipeline as well. And the next option is source code. Here we select the source code that we are going to use this Dldt pipeline to execute. In our case it's the notebook that we have written. You can have many notebooks within one pipeline, but there is one restriction in DLT in our case when we wrote the notebook. As you can see, the default language is SQL and we wrote the code in SQL. And we have to have all of the cells to be written in SQL. You can't mix and match between Python and SQL. Unlike a spark notebook. But in a pipeline you can have one notebook on SQL and another one on Python. That's what we're going to do. So we're going to process the customers data using SQL. And we're going to use the addresses using Python. So we're going to have a mixture of those. But please bear in mind that within a notebook you can't mix two different languages. So let me go back to the pipeline and choose the notebook. And that's under my users directory. And that's under the course folder. And let me go to my notebook. I'm going to just simply select the notebook. And that's been added. So you can click on the add source code to add another notebook as well. The next option is the destination. So now we're going to choose where we're going to publish our tables, too. As you know, here we are creating a streaming table. When you create a streaming table that's only available within the DLT pipeline, but you need to publish that to a unity catalog or a hive metastore so that we can access it from outside of the DLT pipeline. So that's what we're going to select here. And as I said, uh, hive is legacy at the moment. So Databricks recommends using Unity catalog going forward. So let's use Unity Catalog. And we've created a catalog for our project. So let me pick that. That is the circuit box catalog. And let's pick the schema as well. And this is the one I was talking about. As you can see at the moment there is only one option. So you can only choose one schema. And there is a preview feature currently in DLT which is being tested. It's which is not available in GA yet, but that doesn't change these options. You'll still have only one schema. That is the default schema, but you will have the option to specify your schema when you're creating tables. Uh, as I said, this is not currently available. This is going to be available in the future I hope. And when it's available you will be able to do that. But at the moment we can only create tables within one schema, or we can only publish tables within one schema. And that's what we're doing. That's the main reason we named our table as bronze underscore customers. So let me go back to my pipeline. And now we're going to talk about compute. So you may know cluster policy. You can use cluster policies to restrict the size of your nodes or any other configurations or anything like that. We haven't got any cluster policies. So that's okay. But we need to choose the cluster mode. So you have the option between fixed size and auto scaling. Legacy auto scaling is no longer recommended and is just there for backward compatibility. Enhanced auto scaling optimizes the cluster utilization by automatically allocating cluster resources based on your workload volume. You're also automatically shuts down underutilized nodes in the cluster and moves the workload to other nodes when possible to minimize the resource usage. So that's really good when you're working with large amount of data with the bigger clusters, and that is the recommended option. But for us it doesn't really matter because we're going to create a very small cluster with one worker node. So let's pick a fixed size in fixed size. The size of the cluster is fixed. It's not scaling up and down, but there is nothing to scale up and down in our example because we're going to go for only one worker. And similar to all purpose clusters that we've seen previously, you can enable photon acceleration if you wanted to. As I said, we got very low volume. We don't need that. And you can add cluster tags to keep track of any billing information or anything like that as well. And you can add Notifications about the success or failure of a DLT pipeline. Here, you can list the emails to which the notifications to be sent in this box here. Let me close that. And here you can add any cluster configurations. I want to add a cluster configuration here. I'm going to talk about development and production mode of a DLT pipeline shortly. But when you run a DLT pipeline in a development mode, the underlying clusters are only terminated after two hours of inactivity. So they'll be running for two hours. And if there is no activity on the clusters, they'll be terminated. But in the meantime, if you run another schedule, then it's going to use the existing cluster, which is great, but at the same time, we don't want to be paying for two hours of unused resources. So I would think it's reasonable to wait for about 30 minutes so that you can watch the next video and come back to work on the cluster again, and you don't want to wait for the cluster to restart all over again. So let's add a configuration to our cluster here so that it shuts down after 30 minutes of inactivity. So let me add the configuration. So you can see here it's a name value pair. And I'm going to add the configuration which is called cluster shutdown dot delay. So I'm going to just do that. And I'm going to add the value as 30 minutes. Please make sure that you haven't made any spelling mistakes or any case issues. As you can see here. Yes here is uppercase as well. So the next option you've got is channel. You can choose between current and preview. Preview gives you any new features, but I'm happy with the current feature which is more stable than the preview features. And here you can choose the worker and the driver types. It's very similar to the all purpose and the job clusters we did previously. And let's pick the instance type I'm going to choose a standard DS3 v2 because that's the one. I've got enough quota And my driver is going to be same as Wacker. So we've got one cluster defined here with one worker node. So we're going to have a cluster created with the driver node and one worker node with the standard DS3 be two node types. So that's everything we need. We can simply click create here. But before that, as you can see in the summary, this is going to cost me 1.5 Databricks units per hour. And let me click create. As you can see the pipeline is now created. And as I said earlier, we can switch between development and production modes. There are only two differences between development and production modes. When you're in a pipeline in development mode, it provisions a job cluster and leaves it running for two hours by default. So any further reruns of the pipeline will reuse the cluster, and we can avoid the delay in restarting the cluster every time we make small changes to the notebooks to, for example, fix issues. Tissues. As we said, the default of two hours can be changed by the configuration parameter. Pipelines. Dot cluster shutdown. Dot delay. On the other hand, when you run a DLT pipeline in production mode, it provisions the cluster and shuts down the cluster as soon as the pipeline completes. This helps us save cost in production workloads, as we are not really debugging any code or fixing any small issues. The other difference between development and production is in production mode, retries are automatically enabled. So in the event of intermittent issues such as network errors, the pipeline retries the execution of the specific event. Development disables all retries by default as errors are bound to happen in development environment. So the suggestion is for development workloads, use development and before moving to production, please ensure that the pipeline mode is set to production and then move it to production. And if you want to make any changes to the pipeline. Once it's created, you can simply click on the settings button here and make the changes that you want. And let me cancel this. And if you want to schedule the pipeline in a Databricks job, you can simply click on schedule and then create a new job. Or you can also go back to jobs menu from the workflows menu, and then create a new job and attach the pipeline or create a task to execute this pipeline, basically. And in terms of start, you can do a couple of things. Databricks refers to these as pipeline updates, but you basically can start the pipeline or validate the pipeline. These are the two actions. But when you start, you can either start it in full refresh or on the default mode. So when you start a pipeline, it basically starts a job cluster, discovers all the tables and views defined in the notebooks attached to the pipelines, and checks for any errors. It also creates a Dag with the dependency between the tables and views. It then creates the tables and views with the most recent data available and publishes them to Unity Catalog or Hive Metastore. On the other hand, when you validate a pipeline, it does everything except creating the tables and views. It simply creates the Dag. Make sure the dependencies are correct, and also it discovers the tables and views defined in the notebooks to make sure that there are no errors. And it also creates the job cluster because it needs the job cluster in order to be able to find the tables and views to see whether they exist. Also, as I said, you can start the pipeline in a full refresh mode or the default refresh mode. It only affects the behavior of the streaming tables. It doesn't affect the materialized views. Basically, default refresh mode just processes the new data from an incremental source, whereas full refresh mode resets all the checkpoints, deletes all the data from the streaming tables, and reprocesses all the data that's available. So please be careful when you are using the full refresh mode. We'll look at full refresh later, but let's start the pipeline in the default refresh mode. In order to do that, you simply click on the start button here, and as you can see, the pipeline is being updated. Now it will perform the five steps listed here. It's currently trying to create the create the resources or create the cluster. That's why it says waiting for resources. Let me show you what I mean by that. You can see the cluster that's being created in the compute section here compute menu. So let me go over to compute menu. And if you go over to Job Compute you will see the job cluster that's being created. As you can see here the source type is pipeline. It's a DLT pipeline. It's trying to create a new job cluster. So the name of the job cluster also starts with DLT hyphen execution. And that's the one which we requested for. If you scroll down, you will see that the worker type is DS3 v2 and there is only one worker. And also there is a driver as well. And if you look at the advanced options you will see the configuration that we enabled or added as well which is pipelines dot shutdowns dot delay. Let me find that. So as you can see this is the configuration that we added. And Databricks is added quite a lot of other configurations by default as well. And let's now go back to our DLT pipeline and wait for this update to finish. As you can see, the execution of the pipeline is now completed. And if there are any issues, any errors, you will see them here. And by clicking on the error, you will be able to see more information as well. In this case, it succeeded. Uh, the pipeline has succeeded, and there are no errors in the notebook as well. That's why we are not seeing anything. And you can see the query history in this tab here. And we only have one query which is to refresh our streaming table. And that only took 14 seconds. As you can see that only took 14 seconds. And the rest of the time was spent trying to spin up the cluster and setting up the pipeline and all the rest. And you can see the pipeline details on the right. If you wanted to see the source code, you can simply click on that. That'll open up the source code for you, which is our notebook basically. And you can see the update details here. In this case it's simply refresh that table. But if you did a validation you will see that as well. And you can see the uh compute details as well. You can open up, uh, spark UI logs and everything from here as well. And if you simply click on the table, I should have said, actually you can see the graph or the directed acyclic graph in this pain here. In this case, it might not make a lot of sense to you because we only have one table. But when you have multiple tables with relationships between them, you will be able to see all of that in here. Let me click on the table and on the right you will be able to see the source code that produced that table and the name of the table and the status. All the information, as you can see here. And most importantly, you can see data quality as well. At the moment we don't have any data quality rules or checks applied on the table. That's why we're not seeing any further information. But we can see that there were ten records being read and ten records written, and there are no records dropped during this stage. Everything was returned to the final table that we'll have a look in a minute, and you can see the schema of the table as well. And as you know, we've had these columns and the auto loader also add another column. If it's not able to process any data or any records because of any data type issues or anything like that, that would basically go into rescue data. We might not have any because our data conformed to the JSON structure. And we added the two new columns there here as well. Let's go over to the Catalog Explorer and take a look at this table. Uh, you got two options for that. You can go over to Catalog Explorer from the sidebar. Or you can go over to the details menu here. And then click on the table name. That will open up the Catalog Explorer and the table for you. And as you can see we've got the table bronze customers, uh, within our lake house schema. And I've attached the whole thing to our cluster DLT hyphen cluster that we created earlier. This is our all all purpose cluster, as you may remember, because we need a all purpose cluster in order to be able to query the data that's created by Delta live tables. Please bear this in mind when you're running your DLT pipelines, which is Delta live table pipelines. They run against a job cluster that we saw earlier. That's this cluster here. And I'm using the all purpose cluster to query the tables created interactively by the notebooks or using Catalog Explorer. So now I'm in Catalog Explorer I'm using the DLT cluster which is the all purpose cluster to query this table interactively. You can't use the job cluster for this. So that's the reason we increased our quota. And now we got two clusters running. So let's take a look at the sample data as well. And before that let me show you overview again. And as you can see this is a schema. You can also see the definition of the table. So this is a streaming table with these columns. And these are the table properties as well. And that's brilliant. So let's take a quick look at the sample data. There must be ten records because we saw ten records in our file previously. And as you can see we've got the ten records and we've got the null values for customer name, etc. as well. And if I scroll to the right, there are no values populated in the rescue data because all our jsons are proper Jason Jason strings and there are no issues with them. And as you can see, we populated the input file path with the file path for the file as well as the ingestion timestamp with the current timestamp as well, which is great. We got the bronze table now populated. But before we finish, I want to show you one more thing. Let's go back to the pipeline. And if you rerun this pipeline again. So I'm going to simply click on start here. There are two things you will see. One is the pipeline is going to run very quickly. That's because we got a job cluster which is already there up and running. Let me click on event log. And as you can see the pipeline is already completed. It only took about 16 seconds. And it used the cluster which was already there. So that's one thing I wanted to show you. So when you're in development mode, make sure that your clusters are running for a certain amount of time. The default is two hours. We've reduced that down to 30 minutes, but keeping it two hours is fine as well, as long as you're interactively working with your DLT notebooks. In this case, you're going to be watching my videos. I don't want you to be really paying for the cluster while you're watching the videos. If you are not coming back to the pipeline, for example. That's the reason I asked you to bring it down to 30 minutes. And the second thing I wanted to show you is, as you can see here, when we run it first time it showed ten records as written records, and we can show in data quality as well. There is nothing in here. And now we got no records being processed. So there are basically zero records being processed. That's because we are incrementally loading the data. So we only have one file. That file has already been processed and it's not going to be processed one more time. In order for that file to be processed, you will have to do a refresh. So generally when you're in a production scenario, if you're incrementally loading data, you'll never be going back and doing a full refresh unless you've had a problem with the source data and then you're doing a full refresh. But here we can simply click on full refresh again and then reprocess that data. Otherwise, we can add another file to see whether that file is getting processed. I want to use the other file for a scenario later on, so let's not put the file back in, but let's do a full refresh. When you do a full refresh, you will see the same file being processed one more time. Let me do a full refresh here. Let me click confirm. And while that's happening, let me explain. When you're doing a full refresh, as you can see here, we got an extra step as well. So the extra step was to reset the tables. When it says it's resetting the tables, all that's doing is updating the checkpoints and truncating the tables and everything. So you're basically back to square one. So it's as if nothing's happened on those tables and they're going back to their original state, and then you're applying all the changes from there. So that's what's happened. As you can see, the tables were reset and we've reprocessed that ten records. So auto loader reads the checkpoint from a specific location. That checkpoint was deleted. So that means it's reloaded all of that data. Hope all of that makes sense to you. And one more thing let me show you is here. You can see the history of your pipeline runs as well. So we run it three times. You can go back and see what happened in each of the previous runs as well. So you got the history to look at here. That's everything I wanted to demonstrate in this lesson. I appreciate it's quite a lot of information here, but I wanted to give you a full developer experience of Delta live tables, and I hope you've got that here. And from the next lesson onwards, we'll be developing our notebooks as well as updating the pipeline and take it further. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.