Welcome back. Now that we've ingested the data into the bronze table, let's talk about the requirements for the first part of the silver layer. We also want the silver layer to be loaded incrementally. That means we just want to read the new data from the bronze table. We don't want to read all the records from the bronze underscore customers table. We just want to read the data we haven't already read. So that's the data that's been written to the bronze table since we read it during the last execution of the pipeline. It's really simple to do. In DLT. It offers a modifier called stream, which you can wrap around the source table name, which is the bronze table. In this case, I'll show you that shortly in the notebook. Unlike the bronze table, we don't want all the data to be loaded into the silver table. We want to load just the data which passes the data quality checks. These are the list of data quality checks we want to apply. We want to fail the pipeline if the customer ID is null because that's the primary key. If the customer name is null, we want to drop the record and write only the other records to the silver table. Also, we want to warn if the telephone number is less than ten characters or email is not populated, or the customer's date of birth is before 1920. DLT offers a feature called expectations, which helps with that. We'll take a look at that in a minute. I also want to apply these simple transformations, which you'll already be familiar with, but let me now take you through the expectations and show you how they work. Expectations are applied for each of the record being processed. Expectation is basically just a conditional expression. An example could be customer ID is not null, which expects the customer ID to be always populated. If the conditional expression evaluates to true, the record will be included in the result set to be written to the target table. If the conditional expression Evaluates to false. It can take three different routes based on the action you define. They could be one of simple warning failure or drop. In the case of warning, the record will be included in the result set to be written to the target, but metrics will be updated to clearly indicate that it's a poor quality data. If the action is to drop the record, the record will be excluded from the result set for the target, and you will also see the metric reflected about this. The remaining records in the flow will be returned to the target table and the data flow still succeeds. And finally, if the action is to fail, the data flow will be failed, resulting in the failure of the pipeline. None of the records in this data flow will be written to the target table. It's really simple to write expectations in Dldt. The syntax is as shown here. It starts with a keyword constraint followed by the name of the expectation that's followed by the keyword expect and the conditional expression in brackets. Please make sure that the conditional expression evaluates to a Boolean value of true or false. And finally, we need to define the action. Action is optional when the action is not defined. The default value of warning will be considered. Otherwise you can have the values fail, update, and drop row. And here is an example in which I've defined the expectation to be customer ID is not null and to fail the update. If the customer ID is null, i.e. the expectation returns a value of false. Now that you understand what Dldt expectations are, let's switch over to our Dldt notebook and implement this for our first silver table, which is silver underscore customers underscore clean. Here we are in the Dldt notebook. We are still in the same notebook which is 02. process customers data. And I'm just adding to the statement that we got to create the bronze table. So let's create the silver table again. We are going to create a streaming table for the silver customers underscore clean as you can see in the diagram. So let me start writing the statement. We know how to do that now. So now we need to write the select statement to read the data from our bronze table. So which is bronze underscore customers. But there are a couple of things you need to pay attention to here. Firstly we need to specify the schema. You can refer to the table that's created in the same DLT pipeline using the live keyword. So as you can see here I'm qualifying the table with the keyword live. So it's live dot bronze customers. Please note that this is only applicable for tables created within the same Delta pipeline. We are creating the bronze table in this pipeline, so we refer to this table using the live keyword. It's a specific DLT syntax rather than a sparse spark syntax. The second point is more important we only want to process the new data received. So as we said, we are doing an incremental load. We only want to get the data that we have in already processed. So I want to read from the bronze table to get only the new data. When we did that for the bronze table, we used auto loader to read the data. So auto loader kept track of all the files that arrived, and we incrementally loaded the new data into the bronze table. But now we are not reading from files. We are reading from this bronze table. In order to achieve the same thing, DLT offers a keyword called stream again. Stream is just a modifier, so we just have to use that around the table name. So when you specify the table name like this, as you can see here, we're saying select from stream within brackets and then you've got live dot the table name. What that says is we're going to treat this table which is the bronze underscore customer's table as a streaming source. And we are going to only get the incremental data. So it only gets the data which has been returned since we've loaded it last time. So please note that if you don't use the stream keyword, all the data from the table will be read during the execution. If you use the stream modifier, DLT will only read the new data from the table since the last execution, i.e. it will process the data incrementally. Let's now get the columns of interest for us. We know the schema from last time, so I'm going to simply list the column names here. These are the columns I'm interested in. But we also have a requirement to do some transformations here, which is to cast the date of birth to date and the created date to. Date as well. So let me do that. With that, we managed to complete the two requirements, which is doing the incremental load. So we are treating the bronze customer table as a streaming source and getting just the streamed data or incremental data. And we've done the transformations as well. So the only thing left to do is to apply the data quality rules. So you specify the data quality rules after the table name here within brackets. So we've got five data quality rules here. Let's start with the first one. In the first one we want to set the expectation that the customer ID is not null, and we will fail the data flow if the customer ID is null. So you've seen the example in the presentation. So let me write that and then I'll explain. So it starts with a keyword constraint. And then you give a name for the constraint I'm going to call the constraint name as valid underscore customer ID. And that's followed by the keyword expect. And within brackets you specify what you want your expectation is to be. My expectation here is that the customer ID should be not null, so its customer ID is not null. And then you specify the action and the action goes after the on violation class. So on violation I want to fail the data flow. So you specify fail update and that will fail the data flow. Even if there is one record with the customer ID being null value. So let's specify the second constraint now. And this time we are going to check for the customer name. But this time we don't want to do a fail update. We want to drop the record if the customer name is null. So if the customer name is null, we are going to drop the record and write all the other records to the target table. So to do that you specify your action as drop row. And let's do the third one. This time the condition is slightly different or the expectation is slightly different. We want to check if the telephone number is greater than or equal to ten characters. If it's less than ten characters, we want to get a warning so we're not going to make it fail, or we are not going to drop the record. We're going to still write the record into the target table, but we're going to have a warning. So let's write the condition here. You can use the length function, as you can imagine, to get the length of the telephone number. And we can say if it is greater than or equal to ten will succeed. Otherwise we're going to warn. But this time, because there is no action, we don't need to write the on violation clause. We can just simply leave that as it is. And let me write the other two as well. On the next one I'm going to write a write warning. If the email is null and the following one is going to be a warning if the date of birth is before 1920. Let me write them as well. So I've done the other two validations. So in the in this one actually if the email ID is null we're going to get a warning in this one. If the date of birth is less than, uh, 1920, we're going to get a warning. I'm just checking for date of birth greater than or equal to 1st of January 1920. With that, we've written all the data quality rules as well. So we've implemented all the requirements that are required for the silver customers clean table. We simply have to execute this notebook. There are no changes required for the DLT pipeline for this change because we're using the same notebook. This notebook is already attached to our pipeline here. You can start the pipeline from here. But there is one other thing in the UI, which is quite handy when you come to debug your code or when you come to rerun during developments. Let me show you that you can attach the DLT pipeline to your notebook from the notebook user interface. So you can do that from this drop down here. This is where normally you would attach your clusters, but instead you can attach your pipeline as well. As you can see it is listing the pipeline. But the pipeline has to already exist. We couldn't do that for the first create table statement because the pipeline wasn't there. We created the pipeline after we created the notebook, but now the pipeline is there. You can simply come over here and then you can simply connect from here. And as you can see, it says you're now connected to the DLT pipeline. And you can even see the Dag from here and the event log and the queue query history and everything from here. And you can even start and validate your pipeline from here, but you can't do certain things. Like actually, you can't do the full refresh from the notebook window. You'll have to go over to your pipeline window. I still quite like to do things from here because you can see everything from here, so the choice is up to you. But let me just start the pipeline from the notebook window. So as you can see, the notebook is running. You see exactly the similar sort of information you had when you ran it from the pipeline window. And even you can go and see this pipeline in the pipeline window now. So let me go over to the pipeline screen. And if I go to the history on the top here, you will be able to see that. As you can see, it's being it's running at the moment and you can just see all the information from either of those screens now. So the user interface only existed for this part, and this part was recently added just to make the user interface a bit more easier for developers to work. And I know that Databricks is still working to improve this user interface because, as I said, it's a bit clunky and it's not the most user friendly one. So I would encourage you to go and develop the pipelines a couple of times and the notebooks a couple of times, and you will get used to it and it will be quite familiar from there onwards. But it is slightly difficult to start with. So bear with me and do that a couple of times. I'm sure you'll get used to it. Let me go back to my pipeline and just wait for the pipeline to finish. As you can see, the pipelines completed successfully and I want to take you through a few things. Firstly, as you can see here in the graph, DLT has automatically identified the dependency between the silver table and the bronze table. And if you looked closely, the bronze table was loaded first and then the silver table executed after that. So it waited for the bronze table to be loaded. But we didn't specify the task dependency in our pipeline anywhere it went into the notebook and identified that the silver table is being loaded from the bronze table. So it waited for the silver to sorry, waited for the bronze table to complete before loading the silver table. If you created jobs Databricks jobs, you would have had to manually create the tasks and create the dependencies as well. So DLT gives you the task orchestration out of the box for you like this. So you don't have to do it yourself. And secondly, as we expect to see, the bronze table hasn't had any data being returned. That's because we're doing an incremental load. And we've already loaded all the data in the last lesson, so there was nothing to load. But when we came to write the Silver table, it took all the data from the bronze table and returned to the silver table. That's because it's the first run. When you run it one more time, next time there won't be any data to write, so you will see no data being written here as well. We'll do that in a bit. But if you look closely, we've written nine records and dropped one record. So that's because of the data quality rules that we've written. So let's click on the silver table here and let's look at the data quality. As you can see here we've written nine records and we've dropped one record. You can see all the data quality rules as well. So you can see everything here. And if you want to just see the failures you can click on this button here to see that. Let me click on all. So valid email. As you can see here we had three records without the email address. And we had one record without the customer name. And that was dropped. And this is just a warning. So we've just allowed that data to be returned for the emails. And similarly for telephone, we've we've allowed for the data to be returned even if it failed the validation. We check to see whether the telephone number was at least ten characters. There was one record which didn't have the telephone number to be ten characters, and the customer ID. The validation didn't fail for any of the records. That's why the data flow didn't fail. Otherwise it would have failed. I would encourage you to just mimic that if you wanted to test it. And also date of birth issue. We didn't have any date of birth before the year 1920. That's why we didn't have any. As you can see, it's really easy to write your data quality rules and you can see them visually here. And you can also query the system tables to get the information if you wanted to. And let's look at the schema. And we did two transformations. One is to change the date of birth to date and created date to date as well. So that's all been done as well. And let's take a look at the date table. So as we know we can come here and click on the table name to go over to the Catalog Explorer and browse the table. So that's our silver table here. Let's attach to the cluster. It's already attached to the cluster here. Let me refresh okay. As you can see here we've got the definition of the table. It's a streaming table. It's being read from the bronze table and written to the silver table. And let's go over to the sample data. And as you can see, we've got the nine records here. The record with the customer ID of 1008 has been dropped. That's because that didn't have a customer name. That's okay. We'll deal with that later. And we've got the three records with the email being null and the telephone number being null for one record here. That's why we got those warnings as well. That's mostly what I wanted to go through. But as we know, we use the stream keyword here to get only the data that's been changed between two executions. So if we rerun the pipeline now, there is no new data being added to the bronze table, so there should be no data being returned by the silver table. So let's test that. I'm going to simply click on start here. And as you can see here the pipeline's completed. And there are no data being read by the silver table because there is no new data in the bronze table. We'll change that later in the next lesson, where actually we'll be adding the date to data and we'll be able to see how that's progressing through. But that's pretty much everything I wanted to cover. But just to recap, as you can see here, we're using the live keyword to reference the tables that are created within this DLT pipeline. That's one thing you need to remember. And the stream keyword basically gives you the ability to pick only the new data, or only the stream data as part of that execution. And finally, the data quality expectations are written like this, where we start with a keyword constraint and we write an expectation which should evaluate to true or false. And then we can have an action as well. And the actions are you leave that as empty to represent warning. Or you can use drop row to drop the record or fail update to update the entire data flow as well. So that's everything I wanted to cover in this lesson. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.