Welcome back. Now that we've ingested and validated the customers data, let's take a look at the last step, which is to create the silver underscore customers table. As you know, we can receive changes to the customers information via this feed, which is commonly referred to as change data feed or CDC in the industry. When changes are received, we need to apply them to the silver underscore customers table. By treating this table as a type of slowly changing dimension, or otherwise referred to as SCD type one. This is our requirement. But having said that, I appreciate that some of you might not be familiar with what's slowly changing dimensions are. It's a concept from data warehousing. Let me give you a quick overview so that you can follow along with me. Let's imagine a real time online shopping experience. When you shop online, you the customer buys products like electronics, clothing, etc. these purchases are recorded as orders with details such as what you bought when you bought the product, total cost of the order, etc. in a data warehouse, this information is modeled as dimension tables and fact tables to help analyze the data effectively. Dimension tables typically store descriptive information about key business entities, for example customers, products, items, addresses, etc.. Think of them as who, what, where, and when of your data. In this example, who bought the products? It's the customers, so it becomes a dimension table. Similarly, what has been bought? It's the products and it becomes another dimension. On the other hand, fact tables store factual information such as measurable numerical information about the business events. Generally, these are transactional information within your business. Think of these as what happened. In this case. The customer placed the order. That's what's happened. So the order becomes a fact table. When you create a dimensional model, the fact table is generally surrounded by many dimension tables. The fact table will have the foreign keys to the dimension table. So you can join the two tables and do your analysis. In this example, the order fact table is surrounded by customer and the product dimension tables. There could be other dimensions such as calendar, stores, supplier, etc. this type of schema is also referred to as star schema due to the way it appears. Now that we understand what dimension tables are, let's talk about slowly changing dimensions. As you can imagine, changes to the dimensions are quite common. For example, the customer may change their telephone number, email address, etc. similarly, the product changes its category or the price, etc. as we said before, when working with a change data feed such as this one. Each update to the dimension will be sent from the source system to the data lake or the data warehouse. These changes are generally managed using a concept called slowly changing dimensions or SSDs in a data warehouse. Most common data modeling techniques have three different types of slowly changing dimensions. SCD type one refers to overwriting the data. With the new data, no history will be maintained. For example, the customer changed the telephone number and we've overwrite the customer record with a new telephone number. So we have no information about the customer's old telephone number from this point onwards. So that's called SCD type one or slowly changing time dimension type one SCD type two, on the other hand, tracks the history of the changes to the dimension over time. Each record will have a start and end date. When there is a change to the dimension, a new record is created and the world record will be added with the end date. For example, if a customer changes their telephone number today, we update the world record with the end date and create a new record with the new telephone number and the new start date as of today. So now we have a full history of the customer's information based on time in this table. So that is SCD type two or slowly changing dimension type two SCD type three only tracks the most recent change. It adds a new column and keeps just the previous value. Unlike the type two dimension, it doesn't keep a full history, it just has one previous value of the specific dimension. For example, when the customer changes the telephone number, the previous telephone number has been copied to the previous telephone number column and the new value is updated to the telephone column. This is not a most commonly used dimension table in the industry. Most of what you see in the industry is usually type one or type two dimension, and DLT only supports the implementation of these two dimensions as of now. Our requirement for the customer table is to implement this as type one dimension. So we simply want to overwrite the existing data and no history needs to be maintained in this case. Databricks offers the Apply Changes API to do this. Apply changes API doesn't create a table, so we need to create the table upfront as shown here. Also apply changes API has been developed specifically to work with change data feeds which are incremental data feeds. So the target table has to be a streaming table as well. This is a simple form of the apply changes API syntax. It can be used to write the data to the target table. So it needs the target table to apply the changes to. And then you specify the source table in the From clause. As you can imagine, we are merging the data, so we need to provide the keys. Also, we need to specify the sequence column to identify the latest record from the source. If there are multiple changes to the same record, we may receive multiple records from the same source system, but we just need to write the latest record to the target table. Sequence column is used to identify that, and it's usually created date or updated date or latest timestamp, etc.. Finally, we specify the CTE type to use. The default SCD type is type one. So if you don't specify this, DLT will consider the value as slowly changing dimension type one. The equivalent command for creating our silver customer table will look like this. We are creating the silver customer table and applying the changes to this table. We read the data from our silver underscore. Customers underscore clean table as a stream. The key is customer ID, because we want to keep one record per customer with their latest information in the target table. We identify the latest record for the customer using the created date. So that goes in the sequence by value. And we are storing the target table as slowly changing dimension. So we write it as stored as seed type one. As you can see it's really simple. But just so you're aware apply changes. API also has more options. Let's go through a couple of those here. Apart from inserting and updating the data in the target table, it lets you delete records or even truncate tables based on a condition. For example, if a customer record is deleted in the source system, it can send a flag to indicate that the customer needs to be removed from the data lake house, and we can just use that in the condition. Also, you can exclude certain columns from being written to the target table. And finally when working with SCD type two dimensions, you can choose to exclude changes to some of the columns, so that changes to those columns don't result in a new history record. Only the remaining columns are considered for building the history. Please take a look at these in the documentation if you want to understand them better, but let's now implement this to our customer data. Here we are back in our Databricks Notebook process customers data. And let's start writing the code to produce the data for the silver underscore customers table. And as we discussed, we're going to use the Apply Changes API to produce the data. And also as we discussed, the apply changes API doesn't create the table. So we need to create the table first. And for that we can simply use the Create or Refresh streaming table command. As we discussed we need to create the streaming table. So let me do that. And that statement will create the table for us. But now we need to write the code to produce the data. For that, we are going to use the Apply Changes API as we saw. Apply changes API starts with a command. Apply changes into and then we need to give the name of the table. But you may remember from previous lessons that to refer to a table that's already been created within the DLT, same DLT pipeline, we need to use the keyword live. So it will be live dot silver underscore customers. And now we need to specify the table from which we are reading the data in the From clause. And also we have a requirement to read this data incrementally. So we're doing an incremental load. As you may remember from the previous lessons, to read the data from another streaming table as a stream, we need to use the stream keyword. If you don't do that, it will read all the data as a whole rather than as streams. So we need the data to be read as stream so that we can incrementally load the data. Now we need to specify the name of the table which will be live. Dot silver underscore customers underscore clean. And now we need to specify the keys as well as the sequence by columns. But before we do that, let me take you to the data so that we can quickly refresh our knowledge on the data. And then we'll come back and do that. So this is our day one data. Let me take you through that. As you can see here, the primary key is the customer ID. So we can use that as our key basically. But we need a column for a sequence by as I said before, sequence by has to be a column which you can use to order by your data. So if you scroll to the right we got another column called Created Date. So that's the date in which the data was created in our source system. So we can use that. So for example uh on the second day so this is 1st of October. We've received this data for customer ID one. On the 2nd of October the customer's detail changed. We would get another record, but that would have the created date as 2024 1002. So the system will. No, actually, that's the latest record. So that's why we're using the sequence by column. So we can use create a date for the sequence by column and the customer ID for the keys column. So let me go back and do that. And the last thing we need to specify is the SCD type. As I said the SCD type one is basically the default. So you don't really have to specify that here. And it will be assumed as SCD type one. But I'm going to explicitly state that it is SCD type one. So let's do that. And that's everything we needed to do. This code will produce the table silver underscore customers and load the data into the table incrementally by treating the table as a slowly changing dimension. Type one. So let's now go over to our Delta Live Tables pipeline and execute the pipeline. I'm simply going to click here to start the pipeline. The pipeline execution has now completed, and as you can see, it's identified the dependency between the silver customers and the silver customers. Clean table. And also it's loaded the silver customers table. You may notice that there is no data being returned to bronze table and the silver customers clean table because it's incremental load. And we've already loaded the file into those tables, and we've written nine records into this table. And let's click on that. Let's take a look at it. There is no data quality rules we've written in this table. So that's why there will be nothing in here. All the records are asserted. And the schema is as we expect to see, which is customer ID, customer name, date of birth, telephone number, email and created date. But if you go back to details and click on the table name, you will be able to see the data. And let me go over to the sample data here. As you can see here, we've got the nine records. The customer ID 1008 got dropped in the silver customers clean table because that didn't have the customer name. And all the other nine records have just progressed through to our silver customers table. When you look at it, the data in the silver customers table is exactly the same as what you see in the Silver customers clean table. So you might be wondering, what have we done? Actually, we haven't done any changes to the data when we've written to the silver customers table. You'll notice those changes when we process the second file. In that file I've got updates to some of the customer details. So you'll see those changes. Let me show you that data. And let's also upload that data into a container and reprocess it. Let's go back to our storage account. And this is the day one file. And we've got the ten records. And as I said the customer ID 1008 has the customer name as null. So that got dropped. But let's now go back and upload the date to file. So that's the date to file. Let me upload that and I'll show you the date as well. And as you can see here for the customer ID 1002 for eight and nine I've got updates to the data. So let's take a quick look at the original data and the day two data. So as you can see here for the customer ID 1002, we don't have an email here. And for the customer ID four we don't have a telephone number here. But if you go to customer day two file, you will see the email ID and the telephone number. So that's the customer ID 1002 records. That's the first record and that's got an email address now. And the customer ID four has got the telephone number as well. So similarly I've got changes to 1008 and nine as well. And we've got three new records which is 1010. Sorry. 1011. 12 and 13. So we should load these three records as new records. And we should go and update the other four records. So in total, once we process the data, we should have only 13 records in the table and four of them being updated and three of them being inserted. So that's what we should expect to see. And also so far we've only been processing only one file, but now we've got two files and we should see the bronze table and the silver customer clean table being loaded with the data from the second file as well. So let me click on start to restart our pipeline. So as you can see here we had seven records in our input file. All seven records were returned to the bronze table. And all the seven records got progressed through to the silver table as well. Because there are no data quality issues here. If you go over, there are no data quality issues. All the seven records looked okay and the seven records got merged into the final table, which is still the customer's table. Let's now take a look at the data and see what happened. So let me go over to this table and let's look at the sample data. And as you can see here as we expected to see we've got 13 records here. And let me sort this by the customer ID. So we've got customer ID 1 to 13. The customer ID eight record initially didn't have the customer name, but when I put the day two file I added a customer name as well. So that's come through. But you may remember in customer ID 1002 we've now added an email. So that got updated to this record here. And similarly you would see 1004 with the telephone number as well which was initially missing. And we've got the three new records inserted as well. So generally we would be writing a merge statement with some complex logic to insert the new records and update the existing records, and also within the existing records, we will have logic to identify which is the latest record and all of that kind of thing. But the apply Changes API does everything out of the box for us. We simply had to give the key and the column using which we wanted to order the data by. And also we gave the type of the slowly changing dimension and DLT did everything behind the scenes for us. I think behind the scenes, it still creates the merge statements to do everything for us, but that's kind of, uh, hidden away from us. We didn't have to deal with any of those complexities. That's the kind of benefit DLT brings for you. So I hope you now have a good understanding about apply changes and how to implement that. And when we come to process the addresses data, we'll implement slowly changing dimension type two as well. So you'll get a bit more experience with that. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.