Welcome back. Now that we process the customers data, let's move on to processing the addresses data. The requirement for processing addresses data is very similar to that of the customers data. Addresses data is also received as a change data feed. And we need to do an incremental load of the data into the bronze and the silver layers. There are some differences in the data quality rules to be applied to the silver table addresses. Clean. We need to fail if the customer ID is null. Drop the records with the address line one as null and we need to warn if the postcode is not five digits. The only other difference is that the silver underscore addresses table must be treated as a slowly changing dimension type two, so it must hold a full history of all the address changes to the customer. I'm sure you'll be very familiar with all of these by now, and you would be more than comfortable implementing this via SQL. But I want to teach you the Python implementation of Delta live tables. In this lesson, the DLT Python syntax is not as natural as the SQL syntax, and that's why we started with SQL. But now let's quickly go through the Python syntax before starting to code this. Let's take a typical requirement. Let's say we want to read data from a data source and do some transformations, and write the data to a target table. Let's think about how do we do that in standard PySpark. First, we read the source data into a DataFrame. Your source data could be coming from a batch or a streaming source, and you will use the corresponding reader API for that. Next we will do the transformations as required. It could be things like renaming columns, simple row level transformations, or even joins and complex aggregations. But the transformed data will be available in a dataframe. We then need to write this transformed data from the dataframe to the target, and in most cases it's a delta table, but it could be anything. Also, you might want to wrap each of these statements into Python functions, but I've just written them out like this for simplicity. Now let's think about how to implement this using Delta live tables. Delta live tables. Python functions are defined in a module called delta. So first we must import the module DLT to work with delta live tables. Then we need to define a Python function which reads the source data, apply the transformations if required, etc. most importantly, this function must return a data frame, and that data frame is the one which is going to be written to the target table. All the statements you write within this function is in standard PySpark syntax, and there is nothing specific for DLT, which is great. The only important thing is that the function must return a data frame. Now you would want to write this data in this data frame to a DLT dataset, such as a streaming table or a materialized view. For this, you simply add the add table decorator before the function like this. The add table decorator simply instructs DLT to create a DLT dataset, such as a streaming table or a materialized view based on the data frame returned by the function that follows it. And that's it. By. Appreciate that you may have some questions here. Firstly, we haven't specified anywhere about the type of DLT dataset to be created. Delta Live Tables basically determines whether to create a streaming table or a materialized view based on how the source data was read. If it is a streaming source and for example, you used Spark Restream API to read the data, the target table will be a streaming table. On the other hand, if you read the data as a static source, the DLT table created will be a materialized view. Also, you may notice that we have been given a name for the target table. So what will be the name of the streaming table or the materialized view? By default, the name of the function will be used as the name of the table. I appreciate that it is a bit odd and you might not like this approach. If that's the case, you can pass the table name as an argument to the add table decorator. It also accepts other arguments such as comments, table properties, etc.. Let's take a look at some examples to strengthen this understanding. A simple implementation of a bronze underscore addresses table will look like this. We import the DLT module which contains all the Python functions for DLT. Then we define a function called bronze underscore addresses as. We need to read the data incrementally. We are using auto loader here. When we worked with SQL we used the cloud underscore files table valued function for that. When you're working with Python, you can use the read stream API with the format as cloud files. And that's exactly the same as using cloud files table valued function in SQL. I've also added the options such as CSV as the file format, and set the infer info column types to be true, so that the auto loader does its best to identify the data type of all the columns, rather than defaulting them to string. We've also passed in the path of the files being read. As you know, Spark Read Stream will give us a dataframe containing the data from the files being read. The function simply returns this dataframe. We want to create a DLT dataset based on this data frame. For that, as we said, we can add the add table decorator as shown here. When you execute these commands, it will create a table called bronze underscore addresses with the data from the folder path given here. The name of the table is bronze underscore addresses because that's the name of the function. And we haven't passed a different name as an argument to the decorator. The table created will be a streaming table rather than a materialized view. That's because we are reading our source data using auto loader as a stream. This is great in case you wanted to give a different name for the table to that of the function name. You can pass that as an argument to the decorator. Like this. As you can see, you can also add other table properties such as comments, table properties, etc.. Now that we have an initial understanding of writing DLT code using Python, let's start developing the notebook to process our addresses data. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. As you can see here, I've already created a new notebook called Process Addresses Data. And most importantly, the default language of this notebook is Python because we're going to write all our code in Python. As I said a couple of times before, DLT pipelines will support multiple notebooks with different languages. So within a DLT pipeline you can have some notebooks in Python, some notebooks in SQL that's allowed. But within a notebook you can't mix languages. For example, this notebook should have all the cells written using Python. You can have some commands or cells in SQL, so that's not allowed basically within a DLT notebook. You're not allowed to use magic commands unlike the standard spark notebooks. Please bear that in mind, but let's now start writing the code here. As we discussed, the first thing we want to do is to import the DLT module, which contains all the Python functions required for Delta live tables. I'm also going to import the spark SQL functions because we'll need some of those. For example we need current timestamp as the ingestion timestamp, etc.. Let's do that. And now let's start building our bronze table which is bronze underscore addresses. We're going to start with a function. First. As we know we need to use the table decorator to define a delta live table data set. So let's start with that. And as we discussed we can optionally pass in some parameters to the table decorator. So I'm going to pass in the name of the table and the and a comment for the table and some table properties as well. So let's do that. And now we need to define the function which returns the data frame which will be returned to our Delta live table. So I'm going to call this function as create bronze addresses because I'm giving the name of the table in the table decorator itself. It doesn't really matter. I can give any function name that I want to give here. So I'm going to call this as create bronze addresses. And now I need to write the code to read our data. But at the same time I can return that as a data frame as well. So I'm going to start with return. And I'm going to use auto loader to read the data. So as you know to invoke auto loader we can use the read stream API with the format as cloud files. So let's do that. And as we know the format of our file is CSV. So I'm going to just pass in the format as CSV. And also we want to infer datatype. So let me do that or give that option as well. And finally we need to load the file. So the file is in our volume. So let me go to the volume path and get that path from there. So I can simply go over here to the catalog. And it's under the circuit box catalog. And it's under the landing schema. And operational data is our volume. And we want the addresses path. So let me give that. So that's the path of our folder from where we want to read the data. And finally I also want to add a couple of new columns. As you can see in our requirement we want to add the input file path and the ingestion timestamp as two separate columns to our bronze table. So I'm going to simply do a select of those columns. Let's do that. So we want to select all the data that's coming from autoloader as well as we want to add the new columns so we can use the functions that we've already defined. So as we know we can use the metadata to get our file path. So let's do that and let's alias that as input file path. And similarly I need the current timestamp as the ingestion timestamp as well. So let me do that. And that's brilliant I've done everything. I just have to close that bracket. Um so as you can see here, we've got the function which uses auto loader to read the data, and it gets all the columns from the file and it adds two new columns input file path and the ingestion timestamp. And it uses those functions to derive the values. And it's simply a standard PySpark functions here that we've used. We're returning that data frame. And because we're using the table decorator, DLT will create the table for us based on the data frame or based on the data in this data frame. So that's everything we wanted to do. Let's now go over to our Delta Live table pipeline and add this notebook and execute the notebook. Let me do that. And to add a new notebook you simply go over to settings here and go over to add source code. We already have our customers notebook here. So I'm going to add the addresses notebook. So simply select that. And that's everything you needed to do. And let's simply click save. And the pipeline is now updated. So I'm going to simply start the pipeline. Let's do that. That's brilliant. The pipeline is now completed. As you can see we've ingested ten records into bronze underscore addresses table. You can simply click on the table name here to go and take a look at the data in the table. In the next lesson I'll show you how to implement expectation data quality expectations and create the silver table. I'll see you then.