Welcome back. Now that we've completed creating the Bronze Addresses Streaming table and understand the basic concepts of working with DLT using Python, let's move on to implementing the silver layer in the silver layer. First, we need to perform the data quality expectations and create the addresses clean table and then create the Silver Addresses table as a type two slowly changing dimension. Let's focus on the addresses Clean silver table in this lesson, and we'll look at the slowly changing dimension in the next lesson. For creating the clean table. First, we need to know how to read the data from the bronze table that we've already created as a streaming source. Also, we need to know how to implement data quality expectations in Python. Let's go through each one of these to read the DLT data set created in the current pipeline. DLT originally offered two different functions, one called Read Stream and another one called read. The read Stream function lets you do a streaming read, and a read function lets you do a static read, i.e. all data at once. Although these functions are still supported, Databricks recommends using the spark functions Spark Read Stream Table and Spark Reader table going forward. This is mainly because these spark functions lets you read the delta tables created in the current pipeline, as well as standard delta tables with the same API, and also offers support for some additional options. So please use these going forward, but I just want you to be aware of the old functions as you may come across them in the exam. And here is an example of reading data from a streaming Delta live table. In this case we're using the spark dot read stream dot table function to read from the bronze table. As the table is created within this pipeline, we are also using the live keyword to refer to the table. Let's now look at expectations. As you know, an expectation may result in a warning dropping a record of failing the update. For each of these DLT offers three different Python decorators expect, expect or drop, and expect or fail. You simply have to pass in the name of the expectation and the expectation condition to be satisfied as arguments to the decorators. Here are some examples. As you can see in the first condition, I am passing the name as the valid postcode and the condition as the length of the postcode equals five. If the condition is satisfied, it returns true, otherwise it returns false and we get a warning. This is equivalent to what we've seen in SQL implementation, but the Python implementation also offers one additional feature. Even though both implementations support multiple expectations within a single dataset, Python also allows you to group the multiple expectations together and specify a collective action based on whether all the expectations are met. You can do that using these three decorators. Expect all, expect all or drop and expect all a fail. We can pass in a Python dictionary as an argument. The directory key is the name of the expectation and the value is the condition. Here is an example where I've grouped three expectations together. If any of them fail, the record will be dropped in this example. So we have six different options to implement expectations in Delta live tables using Python. Let me now show you an example of where to add expectations in the table definition. As you can see in this example I've added three different expectations. And they all have different actions. And I've added them just below the table decorator. Now that we understand the concepts, let's go and implement these for the addresses clean Silver table in our Databricks notebook. Here we are back in our DLT notebook. And let's define the table first. As we know we can use the Python decorator at table to define a DLT table. So I'm going to do that at DLT dot table. And I'm also going to pass in things like name of the table comment etc.. Let me do that. And we can then define the data quality expectations. But I'm going to define the function to get the data first. And then we'll look at data quality expectations. I'm going to call my function as create silver addresses clean. It doesn't have to be the same as the table name, because I'm giving the table name as the argument to the decorator here. And as we know, the function has to return a data frame. So we start with return. And within that I'm going to call the function that reads the data from my DLT table. As we saw in the presentation, we can use the spark read stream dot table function. Let me use that. And that takes in the name of the table as the parameter. Because we are accessing a table which is created within this DLT pipeline, we need to use the live keyword as well. So I'm using live dot bronze underscore addresses here. And now we've read the data but I'm going to do some transformations. Let me scroll up. As you can see we've got another requirement which is to cast the created date to a date. And also I'm going to just select the columns that I'm interested in. So let me do that here. And we can use the select method for that. And I'm going to just list the columns I'm interested in first. And then we'll do the transformation as well. So that's all the columns I'm interested in. Apart from created date. All I have left out is the rescue data column that's added by the auto loader, which we don't need for going forward. So I've just dropped that column. But now we need to just apply the transformation. I'm just going to simply use the cast function to convert the created date to a date. Let me do that. So that's brilliant. So that's everything we needed within this function. So now we've got a function which returns a data frame. That function is basically reading our bronze table, selecting these columns and also transforming this column from a string data type to a data data type. And we'll be creating the silver addresses Clean table based on this data from the data frame. With that, we've completed writing this function. All this function is doing is it's reading the bronze underscore addresses table that we created within this pipeline. And it's reading that table as a streaming source because we're using the spark dot Restream dot dot table API rather than the red dot table API. And we are selecting all the columns that we are interested in and casting the data type of the created date column to be date, and returning the result as a data frame. As we know we can use the add table decorator to turn this into a table. In this case, we'll be creating a streaming table called silver underscore addresses underscore clean. We are creating a streaming table. That's because we are reading this source as a streaming source. I hope you've understood this. And now let's focus on doing the expectations. And let's scroll up and see. As you can see here we got three requirements. We have to fail if the customer ID is null. Drop the records with address line as sorry address line, one as null, and one if the postcode is not five characters or digits. So let me implement that. As we saw in the presentation, expectations goes here because we have three different requirements for the expectations and they are all unique. Actions we are going to use the expect or fail, expect or drop and the expect decorators rather than the expect all decorators. So let me start writing them. So it starts with at DLT underscore expect uh, let me go with the expect of fail uh decorator first. And the requirement we've got is we have to ensure that the customer ID is not null. So let's call this as valid underscore customer ID that's the name of the expectation. And the second parameter we pass in will be the condition. So in this case it's going to be customer ID is not null. So we completed the first one. Let's do the next one for the address line one. In this case we're going to drop the record. So I'm going to do expect or drop. And again we need to pass in the name of the expectation and the condition. So the name of the expectation let's call it as valid address. And the condition is address. Line one is not null. And we have one more expectation, which is a warning. If the length of the postcode is not five, then we want to just give a warning. So I'm going to do a DLT dot expect here and I'm going to call it as valid postcode. And let's give the condition as a length of postcode equals five. And that's brilliant. With that we've completed right in the code for our silver addresses clean. Let's now go over to our DLT pipeline and simply execute that. I'm going to simply start that from here. So the pipeline seem to have failed. So let's take a look at that. So the failure is in the update progress here. So let's take a look at that. The failure seemed to be at line number six which is my expectations as you can see here instead of at DLT. Dot expect to fail I've used at DLT underscore on these two lines, so I have to go and change it. Let me do that. So I'm going to go back to my notebook and make the correction first. And let's execute it one more time. As you can see the pipeline successfully completed and it's written the ten records. So let's take a look at the data quality section here. And let me look at all of them. As you can see we've had two post code two invalid post codes. Otherwise we didn't have any issues. So that's why no records got dropped. You can take a look at the data as well. So let me go over to the table here in the Catalog Explorer. And as you can see here we've got the ten records. And if I look there will be two post codes which are invalid. As you can see the post code here has got only four characters. And the other one here has got only four characters as well. That's the reason for those warnings. So the expectations we've written have worked as we expected. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.