Welcome back. Now that we've created the addresses, cleaned silver table, let's take a look at the requirement for the silver addresses table. We need to treat this as a type two dimension table. That means we need to maintain a full history. History should be maintained for each of the addresses using the customer ID. Also, we need to order the data by created date for building the history. As you know, we can use the Apply Changes API for this. This will help us implement a type two slowly changing dimension. But as we saw in the previous lessons, apply changes API doesn't create the streaming table to which the changes are to be applied, and we need to create it upfront. So we need to create the streaming table. DLT offers specific functions to carry out these tasks. Create streaming table function creates the table. You can also pass in arguments such as table name, comments, table properties, etc. you can also add expectations to this table if required. Once the table is created, you can call the Apply changes function with the required parameters. It accepts a number of parameters similar to the SQL implementation. These are things like target table, source, table name, key columns, order by columns, type of the slowly changing dimension, etc. so these are the two functions you can use to implement slowly changing dimension for the silver underscore addresses table. Now that we understand what's required, let's switch to our DLT notebook and implement this. Here we are back in our DLT notebook. And let's implement the type two dimension silver underscore addresses. As we discussed we can use the Create streaming table function to create the table upfront. And then we'll use the apply changes function to apply the changes or populate the data as SCD type two. So let's use this function to create the table. As you can see here, there are a number of parameters, but a lot of them are optional. I'm going to simply use parameters like name, comment and table properties as we have been doing for the other tables. Let's do that. Okay. That's everything I wanted to give. And this will create the table. So it's a straightforward as you can see here. And now we need to use the apply changes function to apply the changes to the table. That means populate in the table. Again there are a number of parameters. You don't need to populate all of them. A lot of them are optional as well. So we are going to use things like target because we got a target table and we're going to read data from a source table. So we're going to use the source parameter here as well. And we're going to specify the key that we need. As you can see here keys have to be given as list. And we're going to use the sequence by parameter here. That will be our order by column created date is our order by column. So we're going to use that here. And also we are going to specify what type of slowly changing dimension we want that goes in the stored as seed type. So the type will be two in our case. Let me do that. As you can see the keys have to be a list. So I'm just going to put it in square brackets here. So that's customer ID in our case. And as I discussed we need a sequence by column as well. And that's going to be created date. And also we need to specify the type of slowly changing dimension which is type two. So that goes as the parameter. So sorry stored as a CD type. And that's two. So that's everything we needed to give. And let me ensure that I haven't done any mistakes here. And then we'll execute the pipeline. So everything looks okay to me. So let's go over to the pipeline and let's start the pipeline here. The pipeline is now completed. And as you can see, it's written ten records. And let's take a look at data quality. And that looks okay as well. So let's go over to the table and take a look at the data. So I'm going to simply click on the table name here and open that in Catalog Explorer. And let's take a look at the data. And as you can see, we've got the same ten records we saw in the silver addresses clean table. But now you will see that there are two new columns which are the start date and the end date. So the start date for all of those records are the start date or created date, which was already in the record. And the end date is null at the moment for each of the records. That's because we haven't processed any change. The start date and end date are added by the Apply Changes API to keep a history of the data. So we need to process another file with some changes so that we can see which records end with an end date, and then start with a new record. But this time the address might be something different. I also want to mention one more thing. As you can see, these two columns are prefixed with underscore underscore. So for the system generated columns Databricks automatically adds the underscore underscore as the prefix. So that's the easiest way to identify whether they are system generated or generated by you. You will be able to add your columns with underscore underscore as well, but I would say refrain from doing that so that you can differentiate between your columns and the system generated columns. So let's now take a look at another file that we can process, so that we can see how slowly changing dimensions are working. So let me go over to the storage account and upload one more file. And we only have the day one file. I've given you the day two file as well. So upload the day two file into this. And I've got another file here. Let me show you the data as well before we process it. So you can see the data. As you can see I've got a seven or sorry six records here. But let's take a look at the data in the Catalog Explorer. As you can see we've got ten records here starting with customer ID 1 to 10. But when you go back to the new file, we've got customer ID 1 to 13 here and the 1 to 6 here are already processed. And we are adding new addresses for those customers. And we are inserting three new records as well. So what I would expect to see is the existing record sets for customer ID is one. Sorry, 10011004 and 1006 to be ended with an end date in our data, and that will be the end date as the last column here. And a new record is inserted for those customers with the new addresses we got in the second file. So let's, uh, run our DLT pipeline and see whether that's what we're seeing. So I'm going to simply click start here. As you can see the pipeline is now completed. And there are six records we've read from the file because our new file here has had six records. So that's what you're seeing in the pipeline. Let me go to the pipeline. And the bronze table is being loaded with six new records. Silver table has been loaded with six new records as well, but the addresses table has been loaded with nine records or it's absurd records. That's because we've updated three records and inserted six 36 new records. So let's take a look at the data and I'll explain that. So that will be clear for you. So let's go to our bronze table first. And as you can see here we've got 16 records. And if I sort it on the customer ID you would see two records for customer ID one and two records for four and two records for six as well, because we've added two new, sorry, a new record for each of those customers there. And the created dates are different. So I would expect to see the first record in our type two dimension with an end date of 14th of November 2025, and the new record started with the 14th of sorry, 14th of January 2025. So let me go to our silver addresses table, which is our type two dimension. So the data is now refreshed. As you can see here, we've got two records for customer ID 1001. But if I scroll to the right I will see different start dates. The first record has got the start date of 1st of October 2024, and it ends on the 14th of January, 2025, and the new one starts on the 14th of January 2025. So we have the information here that the customer, 10001, moved from the state Mississippi to Rhode Island on the 14th of January, 2025. So we are holding a full history about each of the customers here, and you will see similar information for the customer ID 1004 and 1006 as well. So each of the customers you will see a full history. So if you ever wanted to get the current data from a slowly changing dimension type two table, you always have to query the table and specify a where clause condition saying where end date is null. So if you're looking for all the records with the end date of null, that will be the latest information. So all the customers latest addresses will be with the end date as null. I hope you've got a good understanding about what a type two dimension is, and also how to implement that using DLT in Python. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.