Welcome back. Now that we processed the customers and the addresses data, let's move on to the orders data. The requirement for processing orders data is very similar to that of the other two data sets, with a small difference in the structure of the data. Unlike the other two sources, the orders file has a complex JSON structure with a nested array called items. Orders data is also received as a change data feed, and we need to do an incremental load of the data into the bronze and the silver layers. There are some differences in the data quality rules to be applied to the silver table orders claim. We need to fail if the customer ID or the order ID is null. Also one if order, status and payment method are not in one of the values specified here. We're not looking to create a slowly changing dimension here. It's a fact table and we don't expect any changes to orders once received. So there is no need for a slowly changing dimension logic here. Instead, we have a different requirement which is to explore the JSON array called items so that it's easier to. Analyze the data in the downstream applications in the go layer, etc.. You may remember that we. Covered the explore function in the ETL section of the course, which exploded nested arrays. Also, from the previous lessons, you'll be familiar with everything that's required to implement. A DLT solution for this requirement. So I would encourage you to create this notebook yourself. As an assignment to get some more practice, please feel free to use any programming language of your choice. Let it be SQL or Python, but if you get stuck, please come back to the video and I'll take you through. My solution based on SQL. Good luck! Welcome back! I hope you managed to complete the assignment. If not, please follow along with me. I'll take you through my solution. As you can see here, I've created a new notebook called Process Orders Data and it's a SQL notebook. So my solution is in SQL rather than Python. But as I said, if you want to have a go at doing this using Python, please feel free to do that. And the first requirement we had was to ingest the data into our bronze layer. And we wanted to treat it as a incremental load. So that means we needed to incrementally read the data as and when the files arrived. For that, as we know we can use auto loader. And in SQL we got the table valued function cloud files to invoke auto loader. And that's what I've used here. So I'm using cloud files the the table valued function and passing in the parameters as shown here. The first one is the path to my files which is under the volumes operational data under the folder orders. And the type of the file is JSON. And I've also specified the parameter here as inferred column types is true. So the auto loader doesn't set all of the attribute types or the column types to be strings, and it tries to do its best. And also we've had a requirement to add two new columns input file path and the ingestion timestamp, as you can see here. So I have done them here. And I'm using the underscore metadata property. And I am getting the file path from there and assigning that to input file path column name. And also I'm using the current timestamp function to get the ingestion timestamp. And this creates the bronze table. And as we discussed this is going to be a streaming table. And as you can see here. And the next requirement we have got is to create these silver orders clean table. And for that we need to apply the data quality rules as given here, which is to fail if customer ID is null or the order ID is null, and also one if the order status is not in one of these values, or the payment method is not one of the one one of these values here. And also we need to cast the other timestamp to timestamp. So let's do that. As you can see here again I'm creating another streaming table here called Silver Orders Clean. But I've got the constraints here. We'll come back to the constraints in a minute. But we want to read the data from our bronze table, which is a streaming table. And also we want to incrementally read that data. So I've used the stream function here around the table. Bronze orders I'm using the live keyword here to represent the bronze orders. Table is created within this DLT pipeline. And the other requirement we've had is to cast the order timestamp as timestamp. That's what I've done here. There is nothing else in the select statement. And the constraints as you can see here, we've got four constraints here the valid customer ID, valid order ID, order status and payment method. And the conditions are here. If we used Python we could have used the other syntax we saw for applying multiple conditions and single action. So because as you can see here, we've got two validations which needed the action to be fail update and two constraints which needed the action to be warning. So we could combine the first two constraints into one constraint and the other two into another constraint as well. But that's not possible within SQL. But if you did it in Python, you could just do that. So you create a dictionary with the two constraints and then just invoke the decorator at DLT dot expect all or fail. So that's everything about the Silver Orders clean table. So it creates another streaming table for us. So the third requirement we've had is to again incrementally read the data. So that's what we are doing. So we are incrementally reading the orders clean data here. And we needed to explore the items array. So let me show you the data first. So let's go over to our data. And as you can see here the orders data is in JSON structure. And it's a simple JSON to start with. But we've got some nested items here. So as you can see here the items object here is an array which is nested within the other JSON. And we want to explore that array so that it's easier to do any analysis in the future. In this array we only have one element. But there might be other arrays which with multiple elements. So let me try and find one more. So as you can see here there are two which is in line number nine and 11 which have got more than one occurrence. So we've got item ID seven and item ID three in the line number nine which is the order ID nine. So let's remember that nine and 11 have got multiple items. So that will come in handy when we look at the data later. So let's go back to our notebook. And I've simply exported the array here. And then I'm just fetching the objects I'm interested in from the array. So that is item ID name price quantity and category. I'm just aliasing those as well. So that's everything I wanted to do. But if you wanted to do any data quality on the exploded items, you can again add other constraints similar to what we've done here in the Silver Orders Clean table, you can simply add more constraints on the Silver Orders table as well. So remember that that's something we haven't done here, but that is something you can achieve if you wanted to do, because it's not easy to apply data quality when you have nested objects. But once you've explored it, you can simply apply any validation or any constraints you wanted to apply. So that's everything we wanted to do in this notebook. But now let's execute this notebook. So I'm going to my DLT pipeline and I'm going to add the pipeline to this. Sorry, I'm going to add the notebook to this pipeline. So let me add that. And that's everything we needed to do. Let's click save. And let me execute this. And let's hope it runs through successfully. As you can see we've had a successful run. And in the bronze table we've loaded 12 records. And in the Silver Orders clean table we've loaded another 12 records. And as you can see, we've got 14 written records to the last table. That's because we exported the arrays and we've got the two extra items as well. I'll show you that in the data as well. Let's go to our bronze table and take a look at the data. As you can see this is our bronze table with the customer ID, order, ID, order, status, etc. and also we've got the items as the array because we haven't exploded at this point in time. And we can look at the Silver Orders table, which is the one where we exploded the data. and let me take a look at the sample data here. And as you may remember, we had two orders in the raw data with multiple items, which were order ID nine and 11. Let's take a look at those two. And as you can see here. Order ID nine and 11. We've got two records. So we got duplicate data. But if you scroll across you will see that they are for different items. So on the order ID nine the customer bought the item ID three and seven. And in 11 the customer bought the item ID three and ten. So that's why we got two records and it successfully exported all the data that we needed to export. So that's everything I wanted to take you through. I hope now you got a good understanding about how to ingest the data into bronze layer and do data quality checks and export the data if required, or create slowly changing dimensions. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next lesson.