Welcome back. Now that we've ingested and validated all the source files required for our project, we're going to look at populating the goal layer. In this lesson, we just have a simple requirement for the goal layer which is to create a customer order. Summary. This table basically contains the order summary of each of the customers along with their latest address details. To satisfy this requirement, we need to join all our silver tables, customers, addresses and orders from the customers table. We can get the customer details such as customer ID, customer name, date of birth, telephone number and email. From the addresses table, we can get the address information such as address lines, city, state, and postcode. As we know, this table is a slowly changing dimension type two with a full history. So we need to ensure that we're only getting the latest address information of the customer and discard any previous addresses we got for the customer from the orders table, we can get the summary information such as total orders, total items ordered and total order amount. These are not columns which already exist in the table. We need to calculate these values from the data that we already have. And as we discussed earlier, materialized views are suitable for this kind of requirement. We simply have to write the query that's required to produce the results. And DLT takes care of everything else. Please note that DLT makes the decision about whether to refresh the materialized view incrementally or in full. Unlike a streaming table, we don't explicitly state whether to refresh the data incrementally or do a full refresh. DLT does this for us and always ensures that the data in the table is up to date. It uses an optimizer called enzyme, which identifies the best possible refresh technique for the materialized view. Enzyme is currently only available for the DLT pipelines executed via serverless clusters. So as of now, materialized views are fully refreshed unless your pipelines are using serverless compute. So please be mindful of longer refresh times when running via standard job clusters. Now that we understand the requirement and the DLT dataset required to implement this requirement, let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. As you can see here I've created a new notebook called Create Customer Order Summary. And it's a SQL notebook. So I'm going to implement this using SQL. But if your choice is Python please have a go at doing the Python implementation. And as we discussed we need to join the three tables silver customers silver addresses and silver orders. And as you can see in the data model, all three tables can be joined using the customer ID. And also we need to retrieve the latest address of the customer. I'll show you how to do that because it's a type two dimension table we will have to get only the latest address from that one. And we need to. Calculate these following values here which are total orders, total items ordered and total order amount. And let's start implementing this requirement. It's really simple. It's similar to what we did for the streaming tables. And the SQL starts with a keyword create or refresh. But instead of streaming table we specify materialized view. Let's do that. And now we need to give a name for our table. I'm going to call this as gold underscore customer order summary. And that's followed by the keyword as. And we need to select the columns from the tables I'm going to list the tables here. And let's work on the tables first before we select the columns that we need. And as we discussed we need to join all three tables. So let's start with the first one which is customers. So because the customers table is created in this pipeline. We can refer to that using the live keyword. So I'm going to refer to that using live dot cast silver underscore customers. And let me alias this as C. And also you may notice that I haven't used the stream operator here. That's because I don't want to incrementally read the data. When you're refreshing a materialized view, you will have to read all the data from the table. So I'm going to not use stream here. And I'm going to now join the other tables. So we're going to join to the addresses table. Again I'm going to use live dot silver underscore addresses. And I'm going to alias that as a. And we need to specify the join condition. As we said we can use the customer ID to join the two tables. So now these two tables are joined. And also let's join to the orders table. So this time we're going to use live dot silver underscore orders. And again customer ID is what we're going to use to join. One other thing you need to bear in mind is, as we discussed, the silver addresses table has got a full history of the data, but we do not want to look at the entire history of the data. We want to get only the latest address. You may remember from previous lessons that we had a start date and end date in the data. Let me go to that table here. So this table has got a start date and end date for each of the records. And you may remember that the end date was null for the latest record. So we simply have to add a Where clause here to say that we want to get only the records where the end date is null. That will give us all the latest record. So I'm going to say a dot. And the column name here is underscore underscore end at it's not end date I said end date before. So it's underscore underscore end at and you can simply say is null. So that will give us only the latest address records from that table. So let me go over this one more time. As you can see we've used live dot the silver table. That's because the table is already created in this pipeline and we haven't used the stream operator. That's because we can't incrementally read the data when we are building a materialized view. And we've joined all the tables using the customer ID, and we're doing a filter based on the end date being null as well. And now let's select all the columns that we need from the customer table. We've got the customer ID, customer name, date of birth and telephone number and email to select. So let me do that. And now we need to select all the data that we need from the addresses table which is address line one city state and postcode. Let me type them in as well. And finally, we need the information that we want to get from the orders table. These are not direct columns. These are all calculated columns. So we need the total orders total items ordered and total order amount. Let me bring up that table in the Catalog Explorer here. So that table has got the order ID item ID. And also we may need the item quantity and the price because we need to calculate the total order amount as well. Let's go through each one of these. So we need the total number of orders. So we can use the count function for that. So we just simply want to count the number of orders. But as you know we explored our items array. So that means there could be more than one record for the same order. So to ensure that we are only counting an order once, we need to use the distinct keyword and then the order ID here. So now we're counting Accounting each of the unique order IDs for the customer and lets alias that as total orders. And now lets work on the next requirement which is total items ordered. So we need to find out how many items were ordered. It might be better if we look at the data. So let me open that in the Catalog Explorer. Okay. Here is the data that we loaded from the day one file. It's got the customer IDs of the first ten customers here and the orders they placed. So let me scroll across to the right. You might think actually we can simply count the number of items. And that will give us the total items ordered. But a customer can order the same item more than once. So as you can see here, we've got item quantity as well. So when we look at the customer ID for example 1002, we want to say this customer bought three items because he ordered three of the item ID four, rather than saying just one item. So in order to make sure that we are counting the right amount of items being ordered, we'll have to use the item quantity column. So that's what I'm going to do. So I'm going to go over to my notebook here and let's say sum of all dot item quantity. So that will add up all the item quantities for that customer. And that will give us the total number of items ordered. Let me alias that as well. And the last value we want to calculate is the total order amount. So again let's go back to our Catalog Explorer here. And as you can see here for each of the item we have the price. So for the first item the price is $799. And we also have the item quantity. So if we multiply those two values for each of the items we are going to be able to calculate the total order amount. So I'm going to use the sum function and multiply these two values. I'm using the sum function. That's because there could be multiple items being ordered by the same customer, and there could be multiple orders being placed by the same customer as well. So I want to sum all of that. But at the same time I want to multiply these two values. For example, for the record three here, which is the customer two I think 1002. So that customer ordered the item which costed $299, but three of those were ordered. So we need to calculate the value as 897 I think. So let me go over to my notebook and let's do the calculation here. So that will be sum, as I said, because we are calculating the order amount or the order amount on each of the lines. So here we are saying order item quantity times order item Tom price. And again I'm going to alias that as total order amount. So that's all everything we need in terms of the columns. But we're doing aggregations here. So we need to group all of the data based on these columns. So let's do that here. Databricks basically gives you a shortcut. Rather than listing all of these columns you can simply say group by all. What that does is it uses all the columns other than the aggregated columns here to group the data. So it's going to use all of these columns to group the data, which is a shortcut. So that's something I've been using quite frequently nowadays. So please feel free to use that. With that we've completed write in the SQL that's required to create our goal table which is customer order summary. Let's now go over to our pipeline and add this notebook and execute that. So I'm going to go to my pipeline and click on settings. And let's add the notebook here. And let me click save and let's start the pipeline. Okay, we got an error. Let's take a look at the error. Okay. The error as you can see here reads that fail to read dataset silver underscore customer. This dataset is not defined in the pipeline because my table is called silver underscore customers rather than customer. Let me go back and make that change and come back to rerun the pipeline. Hopefully there are no more errors. So I'm going to simply restart the pipeline again. Okay. We got one more error. Let's take a look at that. Yeah. That's because I've got the aliases wrong for all the address columns. So let me fix that as well. And this should be all already. And hopefully that's everything. Let me rerun the pipeline. Okay. The validation is now completed. As you can see the graph has been created as well. And as you can see here a DLT has identified all the relationships and it's placed the table or materialized view here which is called order summary. And that's going to depend on all the silver tables that we've got here. So this is something we don't have to do manually. And DLT does it for us I think I've said it a couple of times, but this is the beauty of Delta live tables. So the pipelines are completed. As you can see here, it's written ten records. So let's take a quick look at the data. And as you can see here, we've got the ten customer records with their corresponding ordered order summaries as well. So we've got the order summary of customer 1002. Who is the one. We did the calculation column ten. And if you just go over to the right, as you can see the total order amount is 897. Because she bought three items costing $299 and the total is 897. So that's worked as we expected to see. But we have one more order file to process. So let's add that and see what happens in terms of incremental load. Let me go over to my volume and upload that file. So that goes into the orders data here. And let me upload the file to this volume. And I'm simply uploading the orders date to file. And let's re-execute the pipeline one more time. I'm going to do a simple refresh rather than a full refresh. The pipeline's now completed, and as you can see here, the bronze Orders table was loaded only with four records because the new orders file, the day two file only had four orders, and the silver was loaded with again four orders. And the silver orders is again four orders here. But at the same time the final table, which is gold customer order summary. Has got 13 records written. So that's the materialized view we created. So it didn't really do an incremental load. It did a full refresh. So materialized views are either incrementally loaded or fully refreshed based on the optimization done behind the scenes by enzyme, which is the optimizer used by delta live tables. But when you are working with the standard job clusters at the moment, it's doing a full refresh rather than an incremental refresh. In order to get the incremental refresh to happen, you will have to use serverless compute. At the moment. That may change in the future. That's why you're seeing 13 records being written rather than just four records. So that's all I wanted to show you. So with that, I hope you now have a good understanding about how Dldt works and what streaming tables are and materialized views are. And that's the end of this project. And hopefully you've got a good understanding about Delta live tables. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.