So Constructs in CDK are very important, and we've seen them before. They are components that encapsulates everything CDK needs to create the final CloudFormation stack. And so a Construct can be a single AWS resource, such as an S3 bucket, or it can be a combination of multiple related resources, for example, an SQS worker queue with some computes. So how do we get these Constructs? Well, there is a Construct Library, which is a collection of Constructs that is included in the CDK and that contains the Constructs for every AWS resource. And you have three levels of Constructs: Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3. We'll see them in the next slides. Also, you have the Construct Hub. This is when you have Constructs from AWS but also third parties and open-source CDK community to allow you to create your CDK stacks faster and better. So let's talk about the Layer 1 Constructs. They're called CFN Resources because they represent all the resources available within CloudFormation. So here, in this example, we do a bucket. And it's new s3.CfnBucket. And so we define the exact same properties as the one from the CloudFormation Resource Specifications. And you know this is Layer 1 because it starts with Cfn. So a CFN bucket must have all the resource properties that are required for a bucket. So, bucket name. And you can configure all of them individually. So if you wanted to just migrate from CloudFormation to CDK, one by one, all your resources into code, you could use CFN bucket, CFN SQS queue, and so on. And that would be enough. But that would be using Layer 1 of CDK because this is quite basic. Then you go into Layer 2. So Layer 2 is AWS resources but with a higher level. Because now we talk about intent. This is a higher level Construct. So if we have a look at what's in bottom, here we have an s3.Bucket. So the difference is that it doesn't start with Cfn. And then, as we can see, we have versioned: true. And then encryption, s3.BucketEncryption.KMS. And then, automatically, knows how to do this. And then, out of this, from the bucket, we can get, for example, what is the HTTP URL of a specific object out of it. So we have extra methods out of it. So when you use a Layer 2 Construct, you have similar functionality as Layer 1, but now we have convenient defaults and boilerplates. So you don't need to know everything about the resource properties. And then you have added methods, such as bucket.addLifeCycleRule. And this would allow you to just add the Lifecycle rule, even though, behind the scenes, it may be a bit more complicated in raw CloudFormation. Then you have Layer 3 Constructs. And these are called Patterns because they represent multiple related resources. So here what we have is a Lambda Rest API. And then we add resources and add resources, and do an HTTP Integration, and so on. And so, this Layer 3 Patterns will help you complete most common tasks in AWS, such as, for example, creating a Rest API with an API Gateway. But instead of configuring every single little resource behind the scene, you have a much easier API to deal with, where you just define the API, and then you define the resources and the methods, and the Lambda functions, but very easily. You can also have, for example, an ECS pattern where you have an Application Load Balancer with a Fargate Service, which can be extremely complicated to write as raw CloudFormation. But with CDK, you just fill in the blanks, and automatically you have your ALB and your Fargate Service connected on the correct ports with the correct security groups, and so on. And the correct listeners. So, hopefully, you now understand the differences between all the layers in CDK Constructs and the power of CDK. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.