So let's go ahead and create a dead-letter queue for my demo queue. So I'll call this one DemoQueueDLQ. I will scroll down, and because it's a dead-letter queue, I wanna give myself ample time to retain and to analyze messages. So I'll have a 14 days message retention period. Okay, perfect. So let's scroll down. We'll have a default encryption enabled. Everything looks good here and we're going to create this queue. So now that this queue has been successfully created, let's go and open a new tab and go into the configuration of my DemoQueue. So here, I'm going to edit the queue itself and the visibility timeout is going to be set to something really slow, really low, sorry, to go and be a bit faster in my demo. So we'll have it as five seconds to read the messages three times very quickly. And then if I scroll down under Dead-letter queue I can enable it and I can choose the DemoQueueDLQ as QSQ as my dead-letter queue. Now we need to specify the maximum receive. So this is how many times the message should be received before it ends up being in the DLQ. And to be a bit quicker, we're saying three. So after the message is read three times and put back into the queue a fourth time, then it's going to end up into my SQS DLQ. So let's save this, and we're good. So now I'm going to go to my DLQ and I'm going to start to receive messages and start to poll for messages. And right now, of course, we don't have any messages in my DLQ, but let's go to my normal queue right now and I'm going to send and receive messages. And this one's going to be hello world, poison pill. Poison pill, because it's actually going to make my consumer application fail. So that's why it's called a poison pill but we don't have any consumer application. This is just a consumer application itself. So let's send the message. The message has been sent. And now let's poll for messages. So here we're receiving the messages once and after five seconds, we will receive it a second time. And after, again, five seconds, we're going to receive a third time, as you can see right here. And after the message being received three times, well, because it's always being put back in the queue, it's not being dismissed, then the message is going to be sent to the DLQ. So let's verify this. Now, if I just stop polling right now and I try to poll again for new messages, I will see that I don't receive the message anymore. So where has the message gone? Well, if we go into the DLQ itself, so this is my DLQ, and I poll for messages, as you can see, I see the message in my DLQ right now. And this message, if I click on it as my DLQ, I can say "Okay, I have a look at this message and this message is why my main application crashed." Finally, let me show you how to redrive that message from the DLQ into this first queue. In case, for example, we fixed our consumer application. So in my DLQ, I'm gonna go right here and on the top right corner there is a Start DLQ redrive. So we're saying, "Hey, this is a DLQ and you received messages." And so you wanna redrive these messages to the source queue. So we just click on this option. For velocity control, we'll have Systemoptimized, and then we can inspect messages if we wanted to. Then we just click on DLQ redrive. So it's called a DLQ redrive task. And if I go here, I can see that it's already been successfully completed. So this means that if I go back into my DemoQueue, the source queue, and go into Send and receive messages, and poll for messages, as you can see, the message reappeared right here. And so therefore, the redrive has worked. So hopefully that gives you a good overview into how dead-letter queues work. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.