In this lesson, we are going to look at how to access a dataframe from SQL. In order to access a dataframe from SQL, Spark gives you two options. One is to create a temporary view, and the other one is the global view. So in this lesson, we are going to look at creating temporary views. Our objectives here are to create a temporary view on a data frame, and then we'll access that view from a SQL cell as well as a Python cell. So what I've done here is I've already created a python notebook, as you can see, and I put that into our demo folder and called it, 4.sql temp view demo. So the first thing we want to do is to run our configs notebook, so that we get access to the variables with our folder paths. And the next thing we want to do is to create a dataframe, so that we can create SQL view on top of that. I'm going to use the race_results file, that we created previously with both the races and results data. And as we know, that's a Parquet file. I'm going to read the file and put it in this dataframe, race results_df. Let me execute that one. And the next thing we want to do is to create a view on top of this dataframe. That's what we want to do, so that we can run SQL on that view. So in order to do that, Spark gives you a method called the createTempView. Now it's the casing here it uses the camel case, so it's lowercase C and then uppercase T and V, So you have to make sure you're using that. Otherwise you'll get an error and you pass in a parameter to that. That will be the name of the view. So I'm going to call mine one, v_race_results. Let me execute that. And now we have that view already created for us. So we need to access the view. So we have got the temporary view on our dataframe. So the second step is to run it from a SQL cell. As we know, this is a Python notebook, so I'm going to do %sql Magic Command and then you can just access the view like you would on any relational database. So let me do a SELECT from the view, SELECT* from v_race_results and that will give you the output. And if you wanted to add a WHERE clause to filter some data, you can do that. So let me do WHERE race year = 2020 and you've only got the data from 2020, so you can do any kind of aggregation. So let me do a count and that will tell me the number of records there. So that's 340. So you can do everything you normally do in SQL against this view, which is really powerful. So let's now look at how to run SQL statements from a Python cell. We're in a Python notebook, so we don't need any magic commands in order to execute a SQL from Python, Spark gives you a function called SQL, so you access it by spark.sql, and then you just send in the SQL you want to execute. So in our case, if we say SELECT * FROM v_race results, which is our view, and you could give a filter where race year is 2019, for example. Executing this statement would give you a dataframe, so let's put that into a variable. So I'm going to call this one as race results_2019 dataframe equals and as you can see, that's returned a dataframe and that's in here. And if I just do a display on the dataframe, I would see the results. So that's quite powerful. As you can see, you can run SQL from the SQL cell as well as from the spark.sql function, which you can use within Python as well as Scala. So you can combine both SQL and Python statements in your notebooks and get the best out of both really. You might be wondering when to use the SQL cell as it is and when to use the spark.sql. The Spark.sql gives you the ability to put that data into a dataframe, and then you can use your DataFrame API to do whatever you want it to do. And also there is one other benefit is actually, for example, if your race year is in a variable and you want to pass that into the SQL statement, this is the way to do it. You can't really use a Python variable within a SQL cell, but if in your case, for example, you are getting a parameter into the notebook via the widgets, and that's called race year and the value is being passed in and you want to use that in your SQL statements, you can do something like this. Let me show you. So I have a parameter and I call it race year, and that's 2019 and we want to use that in your SQL statement, let me execute this first and you could just do your string and then you can use that variable here. So now, as you can see, I managed to send the race year as a parameter, so I can quite easily change this here and make my SQL query quite dynamically. So you can even pass in a different table name, you can pass in a variable name, you can do whatever you want and manipulate this. So for example, if I wanted to write the data from this table into separate files based on the years, I can put it in a for loop and then pass in the race year for each of the years and output the dataframe into a file, separate file every time. I hope you now understand how to use a SQL to access a dataframe. One more thing I want to show you before we finish this lesson is, that this is basically a temporary view. A temporary view is only valid within a Spark session, so it's not available in another notebook. And also, if you detach the notebook from the cluster and reattach it, this view is not going to be available. So let's create another notebook and then we'll try and access this view from there and it won't be available. So let's do that. So if I just did SELECT * FROM v_race results and let me do a %sql as well, and that's going to tell me the table or view does not exist. And also, if we go back to our other notebook and if I detach and reattach the cluster, that's going to give the same error in this notebook. So basically this view is only available within that Spark session. So if I run this one, I'm going to get the error table of view does not exist or it's not found. So temporary views are only available within the Spark session in the database context, that is the current notebook where you have created the view is the one notebook which has got access to that view. So in order to access the View again, we have to recreate it. So let me run the entire notebook. And as you can see, that's now given us back, the results is 340. One more thing we always do is to be able to rerun our notebooks. But in this case, if I rerun the notebook again, it's going to fail because this View already exist and the createTempView is going to tell me that it already exists. So it's going to give me an exception. So in order to replace a view which already exist, there is a method called createOrReplaceTemp View. So that's what we'll use here. So that is again, make sure you notice the case in there. So when I run it now, it's going to create the view if it doesn't already exist, otherwise, it will replace the existing view. In our case, we already have it. So it's going to replace the view and it just succeeds. So my personal preference normally is to always use, createOrReplaceTempView rather than using create TempView. So that's everything I wanted to cover in this lesson. And in the next lesson, we'll look at the global temporary views, which will be available across notebooks. I'll see you then.