In this lesson, we are going to look at Global Temporary Views. Similar to the temp views we created in the last lesson, Global temporary views can be created on dataframes. So that's what we're going to do. We're going to create a global temporary view on a dataframe, and then we'll access the view from a SQL cell as well as a Python cell. And also we will try and access the global temporary view from another notebook. The main difference between the local and the global temporary view is that, the local temporary view is only available within the Spark session. In the context of Databricks, that is just the notebook from where it's being created. Whereas the global temporary view is available within the entire application. In the context of Databricks, an application is basically all the notebooks that are attached to the Databricks cluster. So any notebook we attach to this cluster here, will have access to the global temporary view. But if we have another cluster and we try and access the global temporary view, that won't be available. So let's create the global temporary view first. I'm going to use the same dataframe that we used for the temp view previously and use the global temporary view. The only difference is when you create the view, instead of just saying createOrReplaceTempView, we're going to say createOrReplaceGlobal TempView. And I'm going to call this one as, gv for global view. And let's execute that one. And that's done. So let's try and access it from SQL first. If I just did SELECT * FROM gv_race_results, it's not going to work. Because what happens is when we create a global temporary view, Databricks will register that view or Spark will register that view against a database called global_temp. I'll show you how to see that. I'm going to run a command called SHOW TABLES, and that list all the tables in the current database. But in this case, our current database is just default. So that's why we're only seeing the v_race results, which is our temp view that we created. And as it says here, is temporary is True. But in order to see the one under the global temp, you just do show tables in global temp and you will be able to see the view there. So as you can see under the global temp database, we've got the gv_race results and this is the database name you'll have to qualify your table with in order to see the view. So if I just do that, I'm going to see all the data within the view. So the only difference is when you access the global temporary view, you'll have to use global_temp, as the database and then dot the table name or the view name, you're going to get the results. Accessing it from Spark SQL is exactly the same, so that will be spark.sql, and then you just put the SQL statement and I'll just copy this statement there. And let me do a show, just to see the data from that. So as you can see, it's got the data we expect to see. So that's cool. We've created the temporary view and we've accessed the temporary view. So let's now try and use it from another notebook. So I'm going to use the other notebook that we created. I'm going to do a command click. If you're in Windows, if you do a control click, it's going to open up another tab with that notebook. And that's what I did here. And let's access the global temp view, we should be able to get the same results here as well. So as you can see, we are able to access the global temporary view from more than one notebook. You can detach and attach to the same cluster again and you'll still be able to see the global temporary view. So until the cluster goes down or you restart the cluster, you are still going to be able to access your global temporary view. So you might be wondering actually when to use the normal temp view and when to use the global temp view. So the scenario where you would use the local temp view is actually your scope is just a notebook. So you create the view and then you access it and then after that you don't need that view. So you go for a local temporary view. But whereas actually, if you wanted to create all your temporary view within a notebook and then you have other notebooks working on those views, then you would create a global temporary view so that you can create the view up front. And then your other notebooks could be using those views. I hope this is given you an understanding about global temporary views and when to use them. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.