Hi and welcome to this lecture extending VPC address space. So so far, uh, when we created VPC we always created VPC with single cider. Now you would be wondering to know that you can extend your VPC address space by adding the secondary Cidrs to your VPC. Now that's interesting. And the first question comes why would you do that. Right. So typically there are two use cases that I can think of at this moment. One, maybe you created a VPC with very small cidrs, or you already exhausted IP addresses inside VPC and you want to add more IP address space. In that case, you can add secondary Cidr to your existing VPC, and then you can launch more machines inside your VPC. Second, maybe you have a VPC. It already has a lot of instances, so you can't delete that VPC. And unfortunately your VPC Cidr range has an overlapping Cidr with your on premise network. And now you want to connect these two networks. Now you know that you can't set up this kind of connectivity with overlapping ssids. So what you can do is add a secondary VPC, Cidr, and then you can launch additional machines in that VPC and then can have the VPN connection with your on premise network. So now let's look at this feature in more detail. Okay very first thing you can add secondary VPC ideas to your existing VPC. And that's what we are going to see. But there are certain restrictions that you need to know when you add secondary Cidr to your existing VPC. Very first thing is that you cannot add the overlapping cider. That means if your VPC has some cider, then the secondary one cannot have the same address range of your primary Cidr range. Further, if you are assigning the RFC 1918 range to your VPC and this is what is recommended, then the secondary Cidr cannot be from the other. RFC 1918 range. Now what that means if your VPC has address range of say ten 000 slash 16. Now, slash 16 is the, uh, shortest prefix that you can have to your VPC. So if you have that range allocated to your VPC, then you cannot have the secondary Sidr range from other RFC ranges, that is from 170 to 16 or 192 168 range. However, you could have the secondary Cidr range from 10.2.00 16 or 1 .3.00 16 likewise. And we will see that in more detail further. Cidr block must not be the same or larger than the Cidr range of the routes in any of the VPC route table. Now this is little complicated, but let's try to understand this. Let's say you have VPC. You have subnets inside that. And this VPC connects to your on premise network as well. Now your on premise network might have some Cidr range which of course doesn't overlap with your VPC. And then in your subnet route table you would have some route to take you to that destination through the virtual private gateway. Or there could be other routes through VPC peering or any other kind of the networking component. Now, what this rule says is that if you have any route in your VPC, then you cannot add the VPC Sidr for the Cidr range larger than that route entry. So there is an example. Suppose your VPC primary Cidr is ten 000 slash 16, and you want to associate a secondary Sidr of ten .2.00 16 range. But in one of the route table in your VPC, you already has a destination for ten .2.0024 through any of the networking component. As I said, like virtual private Gateway, then you cannot associate this range as a secondary Cidr block to your VPC. However, you can associate a smaller range that is ten .2.00, 25 or 26 likewise. And that makes sense because you already have existing root. And if you add secondary cider, then there will be a confusion that whether this traffic has to be routed inside a VPC or it has to be routed to through the destination router. Right. And in case of routing preference, you know that the local preference always take preference over the static routes that you create manually. Finally, you could have up to five IPv4 Cidr ranges and only one IPv6 Cidr block allocated to your VPC. So these are the things that you need to know about extending Cidr for your VPC. So now let's look at an example right. So here I have one VPC. It has a Cidr block of ten 000 16. And then I divided that into two subnets. Uh so the main route table of course would look something like this. Now this is very usual. We already did that as an exercise as well. Now if I want to add secondary Cidr block, what I can do is I can add uh, any uh, address from the non-overlapping address from the same RFC 1918 range, not the others, one like one nine 2 or 172 range. Right. So here I can add 1.1.006010.2.00 16. Likewise, I can use the same range. As you know these are not overlapping and then you will see your main route table has additional route created for another Cidr range. Now this is how you go and add secondary Sidr. And then I can very well create third subnet which takes the Sidr address range from the secondary Cidr range. And all these subnets can be treated equally. There is no real difference between this. Okay. Now let's take an example. Right. Suppose you create a VPC with Sidr ten 310 000 16. And then what you can do is you can just go to your VPC editor and add a new Cidr from, uh, this ranges of course, you know, that you can add secondary Cidr from this ranges. So you can attach up to five such Cidr block. And this is what is shown here. Now let's uh, try to uh, see what happens when you add Cidr block from other RFC. Uh 1918 ranges. Okay. So example two, you have a VPC with Cidr ten zero zero 16. And now let's try to add 19216 8 or 1 7216. Uh Cidr ranges. Now as soon as you try to do that, you get a message that you cannot add this Cidr range. Okay. Now let's look at the third example. Now this is slightly different. So here we create the VPC with the same Cidr as previously. But this time I don't want to add RFC 1918 range from the same Cidr block. But I want to add non rcfc 1918 range. So there is one specific Cidr block that is 10.64.0.0 16. Now this is a range which is non RFC. And you can add this as a secondary Sidr. If your primary Cidr is from the RFC 1918 range. Now you must be asking what this range is all about. Now this is a special Cidr range which was specifically created to solve the problem of internet service providers because you know that they provide the internet service, and every router then would need to have a public IP because it connects to the internet. Now, in order to save the IP addresses, now all these ISP customers are allocated a private IP address range from 164,016 range. And then they do some kind of natting at the ISP router level so that they don't allocate individual public IPS to the customer router, but just use one public IP at the ISP router level. So this is a spatial range and it is non RFC 1918 range. So if you have existing VPC you can simply just go and add this private IP address range to your VPC. Okay. Now this is a quick view of what you can do and what you cannot do as a secondary Sidr. So if Primary Sidr is from, say, your RFC 1918 range then allowed secondary Sidr would be anything from the same Cidr range or this shared private address range 164 range or any public IPv4 ranges. Now these two are like private and any public IP for range you can add. At the same time, you cannot really add other RFC 1918 ranges 192 or 172 and any other overlapping sidr. And as you know about the uh, if there is a route table entry, then you cannot also add the same Sidr to your, uh, VPC again. Right. You can add a smaller Sidr range there. So same rule applies for another, uh, RFC 1918 range, or even if there would have been 192, the same kind of, uh, table, it would have. Now, uh, particular thing about this shared, uh, address range that is 160 400 16. You can still go and add, uh, the non-overlapping address from the same address range or public IPv4 ranges. And important to know that you cannot add any of the RFC ranges here as a secondary Cidr. So if your primary is this make sure you don't select any of this as a uh allowed ranges. They are not really allowed there. Right. So remember these things. And then you should be good to answer any question about adding the secondary Cidr to your existing VPC. So that's it about this lecture and stay tuned.