-: In this lecture, we will look at stateful sets in Kubernetes. Before we talk about stateful sets, we must first understand why we need it. Why can we just live with deployments? So let's start from the very basics. So for a minute, let's keep aside everything that we learned so far such as deployments or Kubernetes, or Docker, or containers, or virtual machines. Let's just start with a simple server, our good old physical server. And we are tasked to deploy a database server. So we install and set up MySQL on the server and create a database. Our database is now operational. Other applications can now write data to our database. To withstand failures, we are tasked to deploy a high availability solution so we deploy additional servers and install MySQL on those as well. We have a blank database on the new servers. So how do we replicate that data from the original database to the new databases on the new servers? Now, before we get into that, for the sake of this lecture, we will use MySQL replication as an example. Now, you don't have to be a database admin or be an expert on MySQL to follow through. I'm going to simplify the whole MySQL replication concepts within a few slides. And that also means that I'm not going to get into the nitty gritty details of my SQL replication and I'm not going to talk about how the commands or configuration or anything works, right? All we need to understand from this exercise is the high level procedure of setting up a database replication and the requirements from a deployment perspective. There are many ways of doing this and we're just going to talk about one. So back to our question on how do we replicate the database to the databases in the new server. There are different topologies available, the most straightforward one being a single master multislave topology where all rights come into the master server and reads can be served by either the master or any of the slave servers. So the master server should be set up first before deploying the slaves. Once the slaves are deployed, perform an initial clone of the database from the master server to the first slave. After the initial copy, enable continuous replication from the master to that slave so that the database on the slave node is always in sync with the database on the master. We then proceed to set up the second slave. We could do it the same way where we clone data from the master, but every time you do that, it's going to impact the resources on the master, especially the network interface. Since we have a copy of the master's data on the first slave, it is better to just copy the data from it instead of the master. So we wait for slave one to be ready and then clone data from slave one to slave two. And finally, we enable continuous replication on slave two from the master. Note that both these slaves are configured with the address of the master host. When replication is initialized, you point the slave to the master with a master's host name or address. That way, the slaves know where the master is. So to summarize, we want the master to come up first and then the slaves. We want to clone data from master to slave one first and then enable replication from master to slave one and then wait for slave one to be ready, and then clone data from slave one to slave two, and then enable continuous replication from master to slave two, and make sure that the slaves are configured with the address of the master node. So this is the high level plan for deploying a MySQL cluster. Let us now go back to the world of Kubernetes and containers and try to deploy this setup. Now, in the Kubernetes world, we have learned so far that such kind of a deployment in each of these instances, including the master and slaves, are a POD, part of a deployment. That way, we can easily scale it up or down as required. In step one, we want the master to come up first and then the slaves. And in case of the slaves, we want slave one to come up first, perform an initial clone of data from the master. And in step four, as you can see, we want slave two to come up next and clone data from slave one. Now, with deployments, you can't guarantee that order. With deployments, all PODs, part of the deployment come up at the same time. So the first step can't be implemented with a deployment. In the following steps while cloning data from master to slave one or slave one to slave two or while enabling continuous replication on the slaves in steps two, three, five, six, and seven, we must be able to differentiate the master and slave PODs from each other. So we want to designate one of these PODs as master and others as slave. So we need the master to have a constant host name or address, one that does not change. We cannot rely on the IP address as we know by now that IP addresses of PODs are dynamically assigned and they may change when the POD gets recreated. So we definitely need a static host name. As we have seen while working with deployments, the PODs come up with random names, so that won't help us here. Even if we decide to designate one of these PODs as the master and use its name to configure the slaves, if that POD crashes and the deployment creates a new POD in its place, it's going to come up with a totally new POD name. And now, the slaves are pointing to an address that does not exist. And because of all of these, the remaining steps can be executed. And that's where stateful sets come in. Stateful sets are similar to deployment sets as in they create PODs based on a template. They can scale up and scale down. They can perform rolling updates and rollbacks, but there are some differences. With stateful sets, PODs are created in a sequential order. After the first POD is deployed, it must be in a running and ready state before the next POD is deployed. So that helps us ensure that the master is deployed first and then slave one and then slave two. So that helps us with steps one and four. Stateful sets assign a unique original index to each POD, a number starting from zero for the first POD and increments by one. Each POD gets a unique name derived from this index combined with the stateful set name. So the first POD gets MySQL dash zero, the second gets MySQL dash one, the third gets MySQL dash two, et cetera. So no more random names. You can rely on these names going forward. You can be sure that the first POD in any stateful set is always going to be the name of the stateful set followed by dash zero. So you can always use that as the master in any setup. The POD MySQL dash two knows that it has to perform an initial clone of data from the POD MySQL dash one. Say if you were to scale up the deployment by deploying another POD, MySQL dash three, for instance, then it would know that it can perform a clone from MySQL dash two. To enable continuous replication, you can now point the slaves to the master at MySQL dash zero. Even if the master fails and the POD is recreated, it would still come up with the same name. Stateful sets maintain a sticky identity for each of their PODs, and these help with the remaining steps. The master is now always the master and available at the address MySQL dash zero. And that is why you need stateful sets. Well, that's all for now. And in the upcoming lectures, we will talk a lot more about creating stateful sets, headless services, what they are and why do you need headless services. And we'll talk about persistent volumes and much more. So I'll see you in the next lectures.