Welcome to a new section of the course. Now that we have a good understanding about Databricks notebooks, which allows us to write code and also clusters that give us the compute capacity required to execute notebooks, it's time to discuss about how to access the data storage from Databricks, so that we can process the data and gain insights from that. In Azure Databricks, we generally use Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 as the data lake storage solution. So in this section of the course we'll look at how to access data from Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2. There are a number of ways Databricks can authenticate to Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2. And we'll look at most of those patterns here. This is going to be a high level overview. So please don't worry if you don't understand everything that's being said here in this lesson. I'll take you through each of those options in detail in the forthcoming lessons. We'll also see most of those in action. So each Azure Storage account comes with an access key that we can use to access the storage account. Also, we can generate a special kind of key called shared access signature or otherwise referred to as SAS token, and we can use that to access the storage account. SAS tokens lets us manage access at a more granular level than the access key. We can also create a service principal and give the required access for the data lake to the service principal, and use those credentials to access the storage account. All of these three options can take two forms. The first one is to use these credentials in the notebook and authenticate to the data lake. The authentication in this scenario will be valid just for the duration of the session, i.e. until the notebook has been detached to the cluster. This is called session scoped authentication. The other option is to use these credentials in the cluster and authenticate from the cluster. The authentication will happen when the cluster starts, and it will be valid until the cluster has been terminated. All the notebooks connected to this cluster will have access to the data. This is called cluster scoped authentication. Apart from these, there are two more forms of authentication patterns available in Databricks. First one is called the AAD Pass through authentication or otherwise referred to as the Azure Active Directory pass through authentication. In this pattern, we just need to enable the cluster to use Azure Active Directory. Pass through authentication. Whenever a user runs a notebook, the cluster will use the user's Azure Active Directory credentials and look for the roles the user has been assigned to the Azure Data Lake Storage using IAM or Identity and Access Management. If the user has access to the storage account, it will allow the user to access the storage account. Otherwise, the user won't be able to access the storage. AAD pass through authentication is only available on premium workspaces. The last one is the most recent addition to Databricks, called Unity Catalog. In this access pattern, the administrators can define the access permissions for a user using the Databricks Unity Catalog. When a user is trying to access the storage account, the cluster will check for the user's access in the unity catalog. If the user has the required permissions, it will allow the user to access the storage account, otherwise they won't be able to access. Again, this is only available on premium workspaces. To understand all these patterns, we are going to need an Azure Data Lake storage, so we'll create that in the next lesson. In the following lesson, we'll look at using access keys to access the storage from the notebook. So it will be session scoped access. We'll then look at using the shared access signature and then using a service principal. They'll both also be done from the Databricks notebook to enable session scoped access. We'll then look at establishing a cluster scoped authentication. In the following lesson, I'll demonstrate using Azure Active Directory credential pass through authentication to access the data lake. Some of these options are only available in premium workspaces. And also student subscription doesn't allow you to create a service principle. So in the last lesson, I'll recommend the access pattern for you to use depending on the subscription and the access tier of your workspace. We are not covering access via unity catalog here, but if your organization is using Unity Catalog, your administrators will set up access via Unity Catalog and you will be accessing the data in the same way as you are in any of these other options. By the end of this section, you will be familiar with all of these access patterns and how to use them. Let's get started.