In this lesson, we are going to create an Azure Data Lake Storage account. Let's switch over to the Azure Portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure portal. In order to create a storage account, come over to the top left menu and click Create a resource and search for storage account. Click on the Storage account here and click Create. This wizard will guide us through the information that's required in order to create the storage account. Pick a subscription in which you want to create your storage account. I'm going to go with my Pay As You Go subscription for this, and pick a resource group. As we said before, we are going to keep all our resources under the databrickscourse rg resource group. So I'm going to pick that. And now we need to provide the name of the storage account. There are some rules you need to follow for the name. As it says here, the name must be unique across all existing storage account names in Azure, and also it must be between 3 and 24 characters long and can only contain lowercase letters and numbers. I'm going to go with Formula1dl for my storage account. Dl in the name represents Data Lake, and that's the naming standard I generally use. As it has to be unique, you won't be able to use this name. But you can add a few numbers or characters at the end of Formula1 dl to make it unique. Let's pick a region. I'm going to go with UK South, which is my closest region. We can leave the performance tier as Standard for this course. And Azure offers various levels of redundancy for the storage to ensure durability and high availability. This storage account is just for learning purposes, so let's go with the locally redundant storage, which is the low cost option and it provides minimum redundancy against disk failures and rack failures. Let's click Advanced. We can leave the security options as default, but it's important to understand the option here under the Data Lake Storage Gen2. By default, the option to enable hierarchical namespace is left Unticked. If we don't check this checkbox here, we'll end up creating a Standard Azure Blob Storage. But we want to create a Data Lake Storage Gen2 account. So let's tick that. If you are wondering about the difference between the Standard Storage and the Data Lake Storage, they both use the same object storage underneath, but the Data Lake Storage comes with a hierarchical namespace, which helps with folder structures and fine grained access control to the data files. You can leave everything else as default and click through to Networking. We are going to go with the default options here and let's click through to Data protection. The option to enable soft deletes, keeps the deleted containers for specified number of days, which is a great feature. So if you want to enable soft delete, you can, otherwise you can untick them. I'm going to leave them as enabled and let's click through to Encryption. Again, we can leave these as default and let's click through to Tags and then click next for Review. The validation has now passed. So let's click Create to create our storage account. The deployment has now completed and it took about a minute to complete the deployment. Let's click on Go to Resource to go to the resource. From here, you can manage the storage account. For example, if you want to control access to the storage account, you can navigate to IAM or Access Control here and manage access. You can also create Containers, File shares, Queues and Tables from here, and you can get the Access Keys, create Shared access signatures and things like that from here. We'll be doing most of these throughout the course, but for now, let's create some Containers we need for our project. If you're not familiar with the word Container, it's synonymous with folders or directories. They are just containers to hold your files, grouped together into one place. For our project, we are going to have three containers called raw, processed and presentation. If you are familiar with the Databricks Medallion Architecture, this is synonymous with Bronze, Silver and Gold. If you're not, please don't worry. I'll talk you through that with the architecture diagram later in the course. So let's get started with creating the three containers, we talked about. So the first one is raw and we can leave the access as private. And let's click Create and I'm going to create the other two containers as well which are processed and presentation. These are the three containers we need for our Formula1 project. But let's also create another container called demo, that we can use to practice working with the Data Lake outside of the project. And let's also upload a file to this container, which is demo, so that we can play with the data as well. So I'm going to upload a file called circuits.csv, which I've got in my downloads folder and let me go over to Downloads and select that file. I'll make this file available for you in the course resources so you can use the same file as well. So let me click Open and let's click Upload from here, and that file is now uploaded into our storage account so you can use it within Azure. So this UI allows you to interact with the file as well. So let's click on the file name and you can click on Edit, for example, to edit the data and you can click on Preview to preview the data. So this is a csv file, so I've got these columns and it's nicely formatted the data for us. And also you've got the option to come and delete the file from here for example, and you can Rename the file, you can do everything that's stated here. And also, if you wanted to create a new folder within our demo container, you can simply click on Add Directory and then create the folders. You can have any number of nested folders within the container as well. As you can see, it's very similar to working with any other file system storage, such as in Windows or in Linux. But there are some limitations with this web user interface. Microsoft offers a desktop tool which works better, and we'll look at that in the next lesson. But before that, let's pin this resource to the Dashboard so that you can easily find all the resources for the course in one place. In order to do that, go over to your Overview tab here of the storage account and then click on Pin Icon here. And, we want to put that into the Databricks Course Dashboard, so let me select that from my Dashboard and click Pin. So that's been successfully pinned to the dashboard and that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.