Welcome back. In this lesson, I'm going to take you through a desktop tool to interact with the Data Lake called Azure Storage Explorer. For simple use cases, accessing the storage account via the Azure portal, like we did in the last lesson is fine. But when you're working on a large project, it becomes tedious. For example, this web UI doesn't allow us to upload folders. We can only upload individual files, and also you can't see all your storage accounts in your subscription in one place. You need to navigate to each of the storage accounts to see the files and folders in it. Azure Storage Explorer desktop version makes all of it a lot easier and offers many more features. In order to download the Azure Storage Explorer, go to the Storage browser here on the left hand side menu, and click on Download Azure Storage Explorer, that opens up the downloads page for Storage Explorer. You can also search using Google or Bing to find the URL, and I'll also leave this link in the course resources for you. Select your computer's operating system and that downloads the software for you and you just need to install it in your Laptop or Computer. I have already downloaded and installed the software, so let me open that. First time when you open, you won't see any storage accounts because it's not connected to your subscription. So in order to connect to your subscription, click on the accounts icon here and then click Sign in with Azure. Leave the environment as Azure and click Next. As you can see, that opens up the browser and presents you with the sign in screen. So use your Azure account and the password to sign in. So I'm going to select my Azure account and I've already signed in with my password. As you can see, the authentication is successful, so leave the browser tab open for now and navigate back to the Azure Storage Explorer. And as you can see, we've now signed in. But please make sure that you select your directory and the subscription. So mine's under the Default Directory, so I'm going to select on default directory. So if you are using a free subscription or a Pay As You Go subscription and you haven't made any changes to Active Directory, then you will also have your subscription under the Default Directory. So as you can see, I've got my Pay As You Go subscription under the Default Directory and I've selected them both. And now you can either click on Open Explorer or you can click on the Explorer tab here. But I'm going to simply click on Open Explorer. And as you can see, we've got my subscription here, which is Pay As You Go subscription, and let me click Expand and it's listed all the storage accounts. I've got multiple storage accounts here, but if you are using a new subscription just for the course, you'll just see the one that we created earlier. And the one we created earlier was the Formula1dl storage account. But the point is, as you can see, I can see all my storage accounts in one place and I can even copy data between the storage accounts, just by simply right clicking and copying and pasting into another storage account. And it's really simple to use. So let me click Open on the Blob containers. As we know, we created a few containers and also we added a file into our demo container. So let me click on demo and as you can see, it's listed the file on the right hand side here, which is the circuits.csv file. You can simply copy the file and paste it in another container or whatever you want to do. And also you can upload files as well as folders from the Upload button here. And also you can download the entire contents of the container or just this one file, and you can do much more from here, you've got the Copy and Paste we talked about previously. You can Clone a file, you can Rename, you can Move it to another place, you can even manage ACLs from here. And also you can even create a shared access signature from here by right clicking on the container like I did just now. As you can see, the Get Shared Access Signature will give you the Shared Access Signature as well. As you can see, it's a handy tool to have in your workstation when you're working on a production environment. So I would highly encourage you to download and use it to make your experience better. But you can use just the web user interface to carry on with the course if you don't want to download the software. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.