Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to create a Databricks notebook, and within the notebook we are going to use Access Keys of the storage account, to access data from our Data Lake. Before we do that, let's quickly talk about what access keys are and how to use them. When you create an Azure storage account, Azure generates two 512 bit storage account access keys. The access keys give full access to the storage account. Someone with the access key can perform everything a Owner is able to do. So consider this as a super user and you should carefully secure these access keys. Azure recommends securing them using Azure Key Vault. We'll also be doing that in a later lesson. In scenarios where a key is compromised, you can rotate or regenerate the new keys. Having two separate keys helps achieve uninterrupted access to the services. Applications can use one of the keys while the other key is being regenerated. In order to access the data from Databricks, we need to provide one of the access keys to Azure Databricks, so that it can authenticate to the ADLs Gen2 service. We can do this by assigning the access key, to a Spark configuration called fs.azure.account .key. An example Spark command for this would look like this. The configuration parameter has two parts. The first part is the config fs.azure.account.key, followed by the endpoint of the storage account. In my case, that's Formula1dl.dfs.co.windows.net. We then provide the 512 bit access key for the storage account as the second parameter. Using this Spark configuration, Databricks will now be able to authenticate to the storage account. Let's now look at how to reference the data from the storage account. You may have come across HTTP protocol already to access data from a Data Lake. But Microsoft and Databricks, recommends using the ABFS or the Azure Blob File System driver, to access data stored in a storage account from Databricks. It's a new driver, which is part of the Apache Hadoop suite of products, and it's optimized for big data analytics workloads and offers better security. You can read more about it in this URL. I'll leave a link to this documentation in the course resources as well. Let's now take a look at the URI scheme to access files in ADLs Gen2 using the ABFS driver. It's slightly different to the HTTP protocol, so please pay attention. It starts with abfs. The optional s ensures TLS or Transport Level Security. Simply put, the data will be encrypted while at transit. So I would encourage you to add the additional s for better security. So use abfss rather than abfs. This is followed by the name of the container in the storage account. It's then followed by the storage account endpoint, which will be the storage account name.dfs.core. windows.net. Please note here that we're using the Distributed File System or the DFS endpoint here. That's followed optionally by the folder path and the file name. An example URI without the folder path or the file name looks like this. The URI here is pointing at the container called demo and the storage account called formula1dl. In this example, the URI points to a folder test within the container demo. And in this example the URI points to a specific file, circuits.csv in the folder test in container demo of the storage account formula1dl. So in summary, in order to access the data in a Data Lake, we need to set the Spark configuration, fs.azure.account.key, with the access key of the storage account. And then, we can use the ABFS driver to access the data as shown here. In this example, I'm using the ls method from the file system utility to list the folders and files from the demo container. Now that we understand the concepts, let's switch over to the Azure Databricks workspace and put this into practice. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's create a new folder and call it as Formula1. This will contain all the notebooks that we are going to develop for this project. Please note that, we've created the folder outside of the user folder as it relates to the project rather than the work for one specific user. Let's create a sub folder within Formula1 and call it a setup. And this folder is going to keep all the notebooks required to set up the environment. And let's navigate to the sub folder, and I'm going to create a new notebook for this lesson. Let's call it as 1.access adls using access keys. And let's keep the default language as Python and let's select the Cluster that we created previously. If your cluster is not running, please make sure you start the cluster as well. Because as you know, we set the Auto termination to 20 minutes, so it may have already been terminated. So ensure to start the cluster, so that you can use it in your notebook. Let me click create. Let's start with some documentation. So these are the three things we are going to do. As we know, we need to specify the Spark configuration, in order for us to be able to read the data from the circuits.csv file, or even to list the files from the demo container. But as a first step, let's try and list the files from our Data Lake without providing the access keys and see what happens. As we know we can use the file system utility, dbutils.fs to do that. And I'm using the ls method here, and we need to provide the endpoint of the storage account to the function, so that it can list the files. As we know, Databricks recommends using the ABFS driver as opposed to the HTTPs protocol to access the file. Let's provide the URI for that. As we discussed before, that starts with abfss:// and then you need to provide the container name, in my case it is demo. And then you specify the storage account name, in my case which is Formula1dl, followed that by dfs.core.windows.net. Let's run this. As you can see, it's failed and it's given us the error message to say that it doesn't have the key to access the storage account. As we said before, we are going to use access keys to authenticate. Let me show you how to get the access keys first. Go over to the Azure portal and go over to your storage account, in my case which is formula1dl. And on the left hand side menu, you can navigate to access keys. And as you can see, there are two keys for each of the storage accounts. So you've got the key1 and key2. And as we explained before, you can rotate the keys if you think your key is being compromised. But we're not going to look at that at the moment. And we just want a key to use in our notebook. In order to do that, click on Show here and then you can copy the keys. So the copy to clipboard button here willl copy the keys for you. Let's simply copy the key from here and go over to the notebook, and add a new cell just above the dbutils.fs.ls command and set the Spark configuration here. And as we discussed before, the configuration has got two parts. And the first part is fs.azure.account.key. And the second part is the endpoint to our storage account, which is in my case formula1dl.dfs.co. windows.net. And the second parameter for this Spark configuration is the account key itself. So I'm going to simply paste that here. So make sure you have that within double quotes because it's a string and I've just pasted the key in plain text. This is not a good idea to keep keys in plain text within notebooks, because you've got the risk of uploading them into GitHub or some public domain and compromising the keys. But for now it's okay. In the next section of the course, I'll show you how to put that into Azure Key Vault. So let's execute this statement now. So now the Spark configuration has been set, so let's execute the second command as well, which is to list the files and we should see a successful execution now. As you can see, it's listed the contents of the demo container. The demo container as you know had only one file, which is circuits.csv file, and that's been listed here. If you wanted to see a better output or a better displayed output, you can wrap it in a display command. Let's do that. And that's in a more readable format. As you can see, we've got one file which is circuits.csv file. If you want to read the contents of the circuits.csv file, we can use the Spark DataFrame API to do that. I'm going to simply use the Spark DataFrame API here to read the file. We haven't been through that yet, but don't worry, we're going to go in detail about the DataFrame Reader API in the forthcoming lessons, but just follow along with me here. So that's the path of the file. So that goes into the csv reader and that returns a Data Frame. As you can see, it's returned a DataFrame. In order to see the data from the DataFrame, you can again use the display function. So I'm just going to wrap that in display function and that's listed the output. So it gives you a certain number of records. But in this case it's a small file. So we've got all the 78 records listed here. So as you can see, we've successfully used the access keys to authenticate to our Azure storage account, and listed files from a container as well as read data from our file, which is great. But the problem with Access Keys is that it gives full access to the entire storage account, which is not something you would want generally. You would want to restrict access and provide only the required access for your users. For example, you might want to provide only Read access to your users and also you might want to provide Access only for a limited period of time. That's where SAS tokens or Shared Access Signatures come in. We'll look at that in the next lesson.