Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to look at how to use Shared Access Signatures to access an Azure Data Lake storage Gen2. Shared Access Signatures are also referred to as Sas tokens or SAS tokens. Unlike Access keys, Shared Access Signatures can be used to control access at a more granular level. We can restrict access to specific resource types or services. For example, we can allow access to only Blob containers, thus restricting access to files, queues, tables, etc. Also, we can allow only specific permissions. For example, we can allow Read only access to a container, thus restricting the user from writing or deleting the Blobs. It even allows us to restrict the time period during which the user has access to the data. And also, we can allow access to specific IP addresses, thus avoiding public access. With this level of fine grained access control offered, SAS tokens are the recommended access pattern for external clients, who cannot be trusted with full access to your storage account. This is just a simple summary. There are different types of tokens too. I would encourage you to read about them in this URL at the bottom of the screen. In order to access the data from Databricks using SAS token, we need to provide the Shared Access Signature to Azure Databricks, so that it can authenticate to the ADLs Gen2 service using the token. You can do this by setting some Spark configuration parameters like, we did for the access keys in the last lesson. The first parameter here defines the authentication type as SAS or Shared Access Signature. The second one defines the SAS token provider to fixed SAS token provider, and the last one is the one in which we will set the value of the SAS token. Using these configuration parameters, Databricks will be able to now authenticate to the storage account. Now that we understand what Shared Access Signatures are, and how to use them to access data from a Data Lake, let's put this into practice. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. We're going to create a new notebook for this lesson. But instead of creating a new notebook from scratch, we're going to simply clone this notebook so that we can save some time typing through all these commands again. So let me quickly click on File and click Clone to clone this notebook, and you need to pick the folder where you are going to put your file. I'm going to put the new file in the setup folder as well and let me give a new name for this file, and it's going to be access adls using sas token. And simply click Clone to clone this notebook. So we've got a new notebook now with the contents from the other notebook. And if I click on Workspace, I'll be able to see two notebooks under the setup folder. So let me quickly make the changes we need to make. So the first thing we want to do is to connect this notebook to a Cluster. So let me click on the Connect button here, and pick the cluster. I've got my databricks course cluster that is up and running. The green dot indicates that it is up and running. If not, please go ahead and restart the cluster and let's make changes to the documentation here. As we know, we need to change the Spark configuration here because this relates to the account key. So I'm simply going to remove that, and we need to add the Spark configuration for the SAS token here. Let me quickly show you where to get them from. You can get them from the documentation. So I've got the documentation here and these are the three config parameters we need. I'm going to leave a link to this documentation. I'll also leave my notebooks for you in the course materials, so if you want to copy and paste, you can do that as well. So I'm simply going to copy this and paste it into my notebook and make the corresponding changes. The first thing we want to change, is change the storage account name here. So my storage account is called formula1dl. So I'm going to simply add that here, and copy that into the other statements as well. And for the first two, we don't need to make any more changes because the first one has got the value of the auth type set to SAS and the next one has got the provider type as the Fixed SAS Token Provider. The last one require, as to add the token here, so we need to generate a SAS token and add the value here. Let me show you how to generate a SAS token. In order to do that, go over to your storage account and I'm going to generate a SAS token in a specific container, so users will have only access to that container. So let's go over to containers here, and I'm going to give access to the demo container. So in order to get the SAS token, go over to the three dots here, and click on Generate SAS or Sas. And when you generate a Sas token, you can assign that to a specific key. So you've got the option to set it to Key1 or Key2. So the benefit of that is that, if you ever think the Sas token has been compromised, if you simply go and regenerate the access key, the Sas token also becomes invalid. So whoever has got the Sas token won't be able to access your data anymore. I'm going to simply leave that as Key1. And if you have an access policy, you can add that here, but we're going to keep it simple and we don't have an access policy. And here you can specify the permissions. As I said, Sas allows us to give more granular access control, so you can add just the Read access and not have not give any users, create or write or delete or other access. But in our case we want both Read and List, because we've got one statement which is listing the files and the other one is reading the files. So let's give Read and List. And as we discussed, we can set a start date and an expiry date for our Sas token. So by default it gives you 8 hours. So it's valid from now for the next 8 hours. So that's good enough for our exercise here. So I'm going to leave them as they are. But if you want to extend your Sas expiry, you can do that from here. And, you can also specify the IP addresses here, I'm going to leave that blank. And you can also allow either the HTTPs protocol only or both HTTP and HTTPs. So I'm going to leave it as default, and let's click Generate SAS token from here, and you are given the SAS token as well as the URL, which gives you access to the container here. So I'm going to copy the SAS token because that's what we want, and we are going to put that into our notebook. So let me paste it here. And let's execute this statement. We got everything we need for that, and that's executed successfully. And now when you try and list the files, we should be able to list it successfully. And as you can see, we've got the file being listed here. Similarly, when we read the data from the file, we should be able to read it successfully and we've got the data being displayed here as well. So as you can see, using the SAS token, we've successfully authenticated to the Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 account and managed to read the data from there. But before we finish, I just want to quickly show you how to generate a SAS token from Azure Storage Explorer, because that's what you might be using in your production environments. So let me go over to Storage Explorer, and in order to create a SAS token, simply right click on the container in which you are creating the SAS token and click Get Shared Access Signature. And again, similar to what we did before, you can assign it to a specific key or a user delegation key and you can have an access policy start time and time and also you specify your permissions and then you click Create, to create the SAS token. The only thing you need to be mindful of is, instead of just the token, you get a query string here which starts with a question mark. So when you copy the query string, just remember to remove the question mark and use it in your notebook. Apart from that, everything else will be exactly the same. So let me close this and that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.