Instructor: Welcome back. In this lesson, we are gonna look at accessing the Data Lake Storage using Azure Service Principal. Service Principals are quite similar to user accounts like yours and mine. They can be registered in the Azure Active Directory and assigned permissions required to access the resources in the Azure subscription via role-based access control or RBAC. Azure makes a number of standard roles available, and you can also create custom roles. Service Principals are the recommended method to be used in automated tools such as Databricks jobs as well as in CI/CD pipelines. This is because they provide better security and traceability. In a good architecture, each Application will have its own Service Principal, and the Service Principal is just assigned the required permissions on the resources. All of this can be audited and monitored. So this provides better security and monitoring. As you can see, using a Service Principal to access the Data Lake is slightly more involved than the other options we've seen so far. So let's go through the steps required. First, we need to register the Service Principal. Service Principal is also referred to as Azure AD Application or Active Directory Application. Each Application that's registered is given a unique identifier called an Application or a client ID. We also need to create a secret for the Service Principal. We'll do that next. We then need to configure Databricks to access the storage account via the Service Principal. We can do that by setting some Spark configuration parameters. We then need to assign the required role on the Data Lake for the Service Principal so that the Service Principal can access the data in the Data Lake. The Role, Storage Blob Data Contributor, gives full access to the storage account, so we'll use that for this lesson. But you can also use Storage Blob Data Reader if your Application only needs a read-only access. And finally, a note here for students about the subscription. Azure free subscription and Pay As You Go subscription will allow you to create the Service Principal and complete the lab session. But Azure doesn't allow users on student subscription to create Service Principal. So if you are using a student subscription you won't be able to carry out the lab session. But please watch the videos because you will come across this in interviews and production projects. If you are on a student subscription, you can use one of the other access methods for doing the rest of the course and I'll guide you through that in a later lesson. Let's now switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's clone one of these notebooks and create a new notebook for this lesson. So I'm gonna clone the first notebook that we created for the access keys, and I'm gonna call this one as 3.access_adls_using_service_principal. And let's click 'Clone' and I'm gonna open the app and let's change the documentation here to reflect what we are doing. So these are the steps we are gonna follow. We are gonna first register the Azure AD Application or the Service Principal. Let's do that. In order to do that, you go over to the Azure portal and search for Azure Active Directory. And now from the left hand side menu, under Manage, select App Registrations and then click on the '+ New Registration' and we are gonna register a new application. This is what is called a Service Principal. I'm gonna call my Application as formula1.app. We have only one tenant in this subscription so let's leave the supported account type as the default of single tenant. Click 'Register' and that creates a Service Principal for us. So now we have the Application or the Service Principal is being registered. So let's pin this Application to our Databricks course dashboard so that we can easily find it when we need it. So I'm gonna click pin and also we need a couple of key bits of information from this page. So as you can see, we've got something called Application or a client ID and also there is a Directory or a tenant ID. So those two information is required in our notebook in order to authenticate using the Service Principal. So I'm gonna create a couple of variables and assign these values. So let me copy the client ID and go over to the notebook. I'm going to create a new variable and call that as client_id and I'll paste the values here within double quotes because it's a string. And also we need another variable. And this is called tenant_id and let me copy the values from the Azure portal. And that's this one here. And let me copy that and I'm gonna simply paste it here. So we have the two key bits of information here which is the client ID and the tenant ID. Please make sure that you are copying the client ID to the client_id variable and the tenant ID to the tenant_id variable. Because a lot of students make that mistake of swapping the IDs around. And as we discussed in the notebook here, the next thing we want to do is to generate the secret or the password for this Application or the Service Principal. So in order to do that, let's go over to the Azure portal. And if you click on 'Certificates &amp; secrets' we should be able to create a new secret. If you click on the '+ New client secret' that will give us the option to create the secret. You wanna give a description, I'm just going to say this is for the Formula1 app and also you can specify the expiry. So by default it says actually it's valid for six months but you can change the number of months here, all the way up to 24 months. So I'm gonna leave it as default, as six months. And let's click 'Add'. So now we've got a new secret. Please don't navigate away from this page because once you navigate, you won't be able to see the secret value. As you can see, there are two values here. One is a Secret Value and the other one is a Secret ID. We do not want the Secret ID, we want the Secret Value. So please make sure you copy the Secret Value not the ID and we are going to create another variable and assign that value. So I'm gonna call this as client_secret. And I pasted the value here. We now have all the information that we need from our Service Principal. But I'm gonna say this one more time. Please make sure that you're not mixing up the client ID and the tenant ID and also ensure that you're copying the Secret Value rather than the Secret ID. A lot of students make a mistake of mixing up these values and they get stuck at this point. So please don't make that mistake. And now we need to set the Spark configuration. So let me take you to the documentation because there are a few Spark configurations we need to set for a Service Principal and it's easier to copy and paste that. So let's go over to the documentation. And it's the same place we came to previously. Again, I'm gonna leave the link for this documentation in the course material. And this is where we've got the Spark configuration for a Service Principal. So let me copy that and let's go over to our notebook and I'm gonna paste it in here instead of what we already have. And we don't need the first line that uses the secret scope, which we are not looking at the moment but we will be doing on a later lesson. And we just need these five lines here. So the first thing we want to do is to change the endpoints to use our storage account. In my case, it is formula1dl. So I'm gonna just replace that first. The first two configurations here relate to the auth type and the tokens provider, which are specified here already and we don't need to make any changes. For the third one, we need to specify the client ID. So we need to replace that here with the client ID. We already have that value in our variable client_id so I'm gonna simply copy that and paste it here. So at runtime, client ID will be populated here. And the fourth one here requires us to specify the client secret. Again, we've got a variable here. I'm gonna simply copy that and paste it here. For the last one we need to specify the endpoint of a client, which requires the tenant ID or the directory ID to be passed in. Again, we can use the variable from here, which is the tenant_id, but this is slightly tricky as we need a variable in the middle of a string. So we need to use one of the Python formatting options to interpolate the variable in the string. We are going to use f-strings. If you're new to Python, in order to use f-strings, you simply need to add 'f' at the beginning of the string like this and wrap your variables in curly brackets. So that will be a curly bracket and tenant_id here. So you got tenant_id within curly brackets. At runtime Python will replace the variable with the value of the variable here. If you're interested in learning about f-strings and want more information there is some cool documentation here on f-strings. I would encourage you to read it. I'll leave a link to this documentation in the course resources as well. Let's now switch back to the notebook. With that, we've completed all the Spark configurations. The one late thing left to do is to assign the Role, Storage Blob Data Contributor to our Data Lake. So let's go over to our Azure portal and to the storage account. So we are gonna assign, the Storage Blob Data Contributor role to our Service Principal. So in order to do that, click on 'Access control' or IAM here and then click on 'Add' and 'Add role assignment' and we need to search for the role that we wanna assign, which is Storage Blob Data Contributor and let's select that and then click 'Next'. We are going to assign the role to a Service Principal. So let's leave the Assign access to a Service Principal here. And let's click on select members to select the Service Principal. I called my Service Principal as formula1.app. So let's search for that and let's click 'Select' here. And that's everything we need to do. So let's click 'Review + assign' and click again and that will assign the role for us. So all we've done here is that we've given the Storage Blob Data Contributor access on our storage account to the Service Principal. So the Service Principal can now access the storage account. So let's now switch over to our notebook and let's connect the notebook to our cluster so that we can execute the statements. So that's now connected to the cluster and let's execute everything in one go. So instead of executing each of the commands, I'm just going to simply click on 'Run all' and expect everything to work. As you can see here, we have successfully managed to access our storage account. So we've got the file being listed here and the data is being read as well. So with that we've successfully managed to use the Service Principal to access our storage account from Databricks. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.