Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to look at Cluster Scoped Authentication. In order to understand that, let's recap on what we've been doing so far. In all the previous lessons, as a user, we created the Databricks Notebooks and set the Spark configuration parameters with the secrets such as access keys, Sas token, etc., within the Notebook. We then executed the notebooks on a Databricks Cluster. The Cluster used the secrets to authenticate with the Azure Data Lake storage for us and return the results as requested. The authentication was valid within the session established by the execution of the Notebook. This is called Session Scoped authentication. This is because the authentication obtained to access the data is only valid within the session. Once we detach the notebook from the cluster, we will have to re-authenticate again in order to access the storage account from the notebook. You might be wondering, instead of authenticating from notebooks, can we do that within the cluster at the startup, so that every notebook connecting to the cluster has access to the storage. This is what is referred to as Cluster Scoped Authentication. We can do that by specifying the Spark configuration parameters and the corresponding secret values within the Cluster configuration. So when the Cluster is created, it already has the Spark configuration set with the right secret values. During the Cluster creation, the authentication with the Data Lake will be complete, i.e. Spark configurations are executed. One drawback with this approach, is that every notebook which runs on this cluster will have the access to the Data Lake. So this cluster could not be used for other purposes, where some of the users should have limited access to the data or no access to this data at all. Effectively, by defining the credentials in the cluster, we are making the cluster specific for one permission group, in which all users require the same level of access. This may not be what you want in a large project. For example, if the Data Engineers want permissions to certain storage accounts, but the Analysts should not have, you need to create two clusters for the specific purposes and they cannot share one cluster. Because of this, it's not a widely used approach in the industry from my experience. Now that we understand what cluster scoped credentials are, let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and put this into practice. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Let's create a new Notebook for this lesson. Again, I'm going to clone the first notebook and use it for this lesson. And let's call this one as, 4.access adls using cluster scoped credentials. And let's click Clone. And let me open this notebook. Let me make changes to the documentation here. As we said before, we do not want to have this Spark configuration here, we want to have that in the Cluster, and that's what we're going to do. So I'm going to simply duplicate this tab, so that I can work on the Cluster side by side with the notebook as well. So I'm going to go over to Compute and select our Cluster, which is databricks course cluster, which is already up and running. So we want to edit the configuration here. So if you go over to the top right and click Edit, and if you expand the Advanced options, you will see this Spark configurations here. There are already a couple of Spark configurations as you can see here, and we need to add the one we want to add. As you can see here, these are simply name value pairs. But if you look at the last one, the configuration name is called spark.databricks.delta. preview.enabled, and the value is set to true. So in our case, it will be the access key or the account key configuration goes here and then the value will follow that after a space. So that's what we're going to do. So let's go over to the notebook and simply copy the name of the configuration first, which is fs.azure.account.key, followed by the endpoint of our storage account. Let's copy that and let's go over to our Cluster and let's paste it. And then you want to add a space because it's a name value pair. And if you go over to the notebook again and let's copy the value of the account key and you want to simply go over there and paste it. And that's everything we need. As you can see here, it gives you a warning that it's never a good idea to hard code secrets within plain text. And that's exactly what we've done. Instead, we should be using Key Vaults and Secret Scope to secure the secrets. And that's exactly what we'll be doing in the next section of the course. But for now, let's hard code the values. And if I just tab out, so as you can see here, instead of confirm, it's saying you need to confirm and restart. Because the change we've done to the Spark configuration, requires the Cluster to be restarted as well. Let's click Confirm and restart to restart the Cluster, again let's accept it. So click Confirm and that should restart the Cluster. As you can see, the Cluster is starting again with the new configuration. Let's wait for that to happen. The Cluster is now up and running. So let's go over to our Notebook and attach to this Cluster. So I'm going to attach this notebook to our cluster here. And as you can imagine, we can now remove the configuration set here. And without having any Spark configurations in the notebook, we should be able to execute these statements. So let's try this one first, to see whether we can list the files. And as you can see, we are able to list the files and we will be able to read the file as well. So what we have done is, we've used the access key to authenticate to our storage account, but the access key is stored within the cluster and the cluster is done all the authentication for us. Similar to what we did here to use the authentication using the access key. You can also do that using the SAS token or the Service Principal. You can simply come here and add those Spark configuration parameters. That's brilliant. But before we finish, let's edit the cluster and remove the configuration so that it doesn't interfere with the forthcoming lessons. So I'm going to simply remove that configuration that we added here and let me click Confirm and restart, and the Cluster will be restarted for me. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.