So far we have been using access keys, SAS tokens and service principals to access the data. They all give same level of access to every user, as long as they have the secrets and access to the same clusters. This is probably not what you want in certain scenarios. We might want to restrict access to users based on what they can see via the Active Directory account. This is what is called AAD or Azure Active Directory credential pass through authentication. Effectively, Databricks will pass the user's Azure Active Directory credentials to the ADLs storage account to authenticate if the specific user has the required role assigned in Rbac for the storage account. They'll be able to access the storage account, otherwise they won't be able to access the storage account. This is really useful in scenarios such as multiple machine learning engineers, or using the same Databricks cluster, but each one should have access to only specific storage accounts. One important thing to consider here is that this option is only available for workspaces using Premium tier, so if you are using a standard tier workspace, you won't be able to carry out this demo. So please just watch the video and continue with the course. Rest of the course do not depend on this. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and see this in action. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Come over to the sidebar and select compute and click on the name of our compute cluster which is Databricks Course Cluster. And on the top right you can see the edit button which you can use to edit the configuration. So let's click edit. And under the advanced options you will see the option to enable AAD credential pass through. So that is the tick box here. So if you tick the tick box here that will enable credential pass through for user level data access. That's all we need to do. So if you click confirm and restart the cluster will restart with the credential pass through enabled. So let's click confirm and restart I'm going to click confirm again and the cluster is restarting. Now let's wait for that to start up. The cluster is now up and running. If I now go and run the notebook to select the data from the storage account, it will fail. That's because even though I'm the owner of the data lake storage, I do not have the role to read data from the storage. Let me show you that. So let's use the same notebook that we used in the last lesson, because that doesn't have any spark configuration. So it's good enough to use it for this lesson as well. So I'm going to simply run this statement here, which is to display the list of files. And it will give me an error. As you can see, I've got an error here saying I do not have the sufficient permissions on the storage account to be able to list the contents from the storage account. As I said, even though I'm the owner, I do not have the role to read data from the storage account. Let's go over to the storage account and give the permission, and then come back here to run the statement again. So let me go over to Azure Portal and select the storage account. And if I go over to IAM and add the role assignment. And as we discussed before, we need the storage Blob data contributor role to be able to have the full access. But you can have just the read only access as well. So I'm going to go for the contributor access. So it is storage blob data contributor. I'm going to select that and click next. And again we need to add the member which is the user as in me I need to be added here. So I'm going to click on select members. And that is my username. So I'm going to simply select that and then click select. And we can do review plus assign and then review plus sign again. And it's adding the role assignment. If I go over to the notebook I should be able to access the data now. But sometimes it does take a couple of minutes to float through. So if you are having problems, wait for a couple of minutes and then you will be able to access the data. Let me go over to the notebook and I'm going to simply execute this statement again I've got the error again. I think that's because it's taking the time to apply the role to the storage account. So let me wait for a couple of minutes and then I'll try again. Let me try executing the statement again. As you can see, I've got the file listed here. It's successfully executed and I can also read the files. So we've successfully managed to read the data from our container without giving any credentials here. And all the access is through the Azure Active Directory pass through authentication. So as a user I've got access to the storage account. And the cluster just passes my details through and authenticates against the storage account. And I've got access to it, which is great. But before we finish let's go over to the cluster and remove the AAD pass through authentication so that it doesn't interfere with any of the future lessons. So let me go over to the cluster and I'm going to again click edit here. And I'm going to open the advanced options and untick the box here to enable credential pass through authentication. And then click confirm and Restart again. Click confirm here. So that's the end of this lesson I'll see you in the next one.