Welcome back. In this lesson, we are going to look at the recommended access pattern for the rest of the course, depending on your subscription. These are the five different access methods we've been through in this section of the course. Let's now talk about the one that we want to use for the Course Project. Please note that if you are working for a client on a production project, you will choose the access pattern based on the advantages and the disadvantages of the access patterns, that we talked about and the client requirements. But our objective here is to get the most learning and choose an access pattern that you can implement based on the subscription. So I'm going to suggest the access patterns, which will give you the most learning based on your subscription type. In the next section, we are going to look at securing access to Data Lake using Key Vaults and Secret Scope. As you know, we have been keeping all the secrets and credentials in plain text, which is not secure. We'll look to address that in the next section. In the following section, we will be looking at mounting a Data Lake to Databricks workspace. This gives us the ability to access the Data Lake using file semantics, rather than the long URLs we have been using. This was the recommended approach for accessing Data Lakes until the introduction of Unity Catalog recently. But most projects still use this, so I would like to teach you that too. Having said that, creating mounts are only available through Service Principals. So my recommendation for you, is to use the Service Principals for the rest of the course if your subscription allows you to do that. But some of you might be using student subscription, which doesn't give you access to Azure Active Directory. Also, some company subscriptions restrict access to Active Directory only for administrators. So you may not have access to create a Service Principal. So if you are using one of those subscriptions, please use Cluster Scoped Authentication with access keys. In summary, if you are using a student subscription or a company subscription that doesn't give you access to Azure Active Directory, please use the Cluster Scoped Authentication with the combination of using Access Keys. I'm suggesting using Access Keys instead of SaS token, because that gives you full access to the storage account and you won't have any blockers due to access issues later down the course. The reason I'm suggesting Cluster Scoped rather than Session Scoped is, so that you don't have to have the Spark configuration in every single notebook and leave that to the cluster. This approach also gives you the opportunity to store the credentials in Key Vault, as well as in Secret Scopes, which we'll be looking at in the next section. You won't be able to mount the storage to the Databricks workspace in the following section, but you can do everything else in this course. If you are in a free subscription or a Pay As You Go subscription or any other subscription that gives you access to the Azure Active Directory, which I think is most of you, please use the Service Principal. This is mainly because this gives you the opportunity to store the credentials in the Key Vault and also mount the storage to the workspace and see how that works. With this recommended approach, I've tried to maximize your learning without upgrading your subscription. I hope you find this useful. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.