Let's just do a couple of slides on Amazon managed Grafana. All you really need to know is what it is and what it is for. But Grafana is just a popular open source platform for monitoring, visualizing and alerting on metrics and logs. And like you can see, you can make these really cool dashboards and stuff to monitor your services and what's going on from your log data. So that's Grafana and Amazon again, the the trend with AWS seems to be packaging up these open source tools into managed environments on AWS and introducing some integrations with other AWS services. One of those integrations is with IAM Identity Center, which was formerly known as AWS Single Sign on AWS SSO. Also with Saml. And that's how you're going to manage the access to your Grafana dashboard. So user management and permissions can be managed through IAM Identity Center which again used to be AWS SSO. And this is compatible with all Grafana plugins and Grafana alerts because it is Grafana under the hood. So everything Grafana can do, AWS or Amazon managed Grafana can also do. However, it's fully managed for you. You don't have to worry about maintaining the servers that it runs on or scaling it up because it will be scaled automatically for you should you need more than one. You don't have to think about the servers that's running on. You just worry about it. From an application standpoint, all the data within Amazon managed Grafana is automatically encrypted at rest and in transit, and if you want to use a KMS key of your own, you can do that as well. So that's another case of where they integrated Grafana with AWS. It's also integrated with many AWS data sources. So if you want to monitor any of this stuff it will do that out of the box. You can just go and select various pre-built dashboards for a lot of this stuff, like you can see in this screenshot, but it has integrations with CloudWatch and CloudWatch, by the way, includes pretty much everything, right? So under the CloudWatch umbrella, you know anything you can monitor or alert on using CloudWatch. You can also monitor through Amazon managed Grafana. So I don't want to gloss over CloudWatch there. That's really pretty much everything in that one word right. But in addition to CloudWatch data, it can also integrate directly with OpenSearch, with timestream, with Athena, with redshift, and also with X-ray. And also it integrates with Amazon managed service for Prometheus. So if you want to use Prometheus with Grafana, there is a managed environment for that whole thing as well. And also not only AWS data sources, but everything else Grafana integrates with out of the box from the open source world. So that includes things like GitHub, Google, Azure, MySQL, Reddis, JSON, Opentelemetry and a much, much longer list than I can put here. But the short story is Amazon managed. Grafana can monitor and give you pretty dashboards for pretty much everything that's out there, in addition to pretty much every AWS service as well. In a managed environment that you don't have to think about where it scales for you automatically.