Okay, so we've seen Kinesis Data Streams, now Firehose. So Firehose is actually quite easy. It is to store data into target destinations. So we have producers and it could be, again, a bunch of applications from before that can send directly the data into Kinesis Data Firehose or Kinesis Data Firehose can read from your Kinesis Data Stream, from Amazon CloudWatch or AWS IoT. But the most common you're going to see is going to be Firehose reading from Kinesis Data Streams. So it's going to read the records, one by one, up to one megabyte at a time. Okay? And then if you want to transform the record, we could have a Lambda function created to transform the record to do some small modification. And then, Kinesis Data Firehose will try to fill a big batch of data to write that data into a target database or a target destination, okay? So that's why it's called batch writes. It doesn't write stuff instantaneously. It will try to batch them to write them efficiently. So therefore, Kinesis Data Firehose is a near real-time service. So, in terms of destinations, we have AWS. So Amazon S3 is very important, Amazon Redshift, and to write to Redshift, Kinesis Data Hose will first write into Amazon S3 and then issue a copy command into Redshift or Amazon OpenSearch. And you have to remember these three destinations, they're very important. Other destinations include third-party destinations from partners such as Datadog, Splunk, New Relic, and MongoDB, but they could be others coming up in the future. You don't need to know them, so this is why we'll not update this slide if there are new partners, but you can see that there will be new partners over time, or, also, there could be a custom destination. As long as there is a valid HTTP endpoint as an API, you can have Firehose deliver data into that destination. And finally, if you have failure for processing or you want to archive all data going to Firehose, it is very much possible to send all or just a failed data into a backup S3 bucket from Kinesis Data Firehose. Well, Kinesis Data Firehose is a fully managed service. It requires no administration, and it's considered near real time because you have a buffer based on the time spent in the buffer and the size of your buffer, and then data is delivered to your destination. Now there is the option to disable that buffer now. So what do you use Firehose for? Well, you're going to load data into Redshift, Amazon S3, OpenSearch or Splunk. You have to remember these four destinations by heart. So, remember Redshift, S3, OpenSearch and Splunk. The really cool thing about Kinesis Data Firehose is that, unlike Kinesis Data Streams, there is automatic scaling. That means that if you need more throughput, Kinesis Data Firehose will scale for you. And if you need less, it will scale down for you as well. It also supports many data formats and also is able to do data conversion. For example, from JSON to Parquet/ORC if you use S3. The other data transformations you can do are done through AWS Lambda. For example, if you wanted to transform a CSV into a JSON file, we could use AWS Lambda to do that transformation coupled with Kinesis Data Firehose. Also supports compression when the target is Amazon S3. So we're able to compress that data being sent into GZIP, ZIP, or SNAPPY directly into S3. And if you load it into Redshift further down the road, then GZIP is going to be the only supported conversion mechanism. Finally, you're going to pay only for the amount of data that goes through Firehose. And so the really cool thing is that if you don't need to provision Firehose in advance and you don't get billed for provision capacity, you just get billed for used capacity. Finally, an exam will trick you into thinking that Spark or the KCL can read from KDF or Kinesis Data Firehose. This is not the case. Spark Streaming and Kinesis Client Library do not read from Firehose. They only read from Kinesis Data Streams. So I just wanted to make that very, very clear right now. Okay, so what does the delivery diagram look like? Well, we have Firehose in the middle, and it's going to have a source, for example, my source in this example is Kinesis Data Streams. So it's going to send that stream into Firehose and maybe we'll be able to do some data transformation. So remember, I said CSV to JSON, actually, there's a bunch of blueprints available for AWS Lambda to try help you transform the data in Firehose in the format you want. Once the data is formatted and transformed, we can send the outputs, for example, to an Amazon S3 bucket. If S3 is your destination, or if Redshift is your destination, actually, it goes through S3 and then there will be a copy command issued to put that data into Redshift. So what about the source records? Can we get the source records into an S3 bucket? The answer is yes. Any source record that goes through Kinesis Data Firehose can be configured to land into another bucket of your choice. So if the exam asks you, okay, how do we get all this source data into a Amazon S3 bucket through Kinesis Data Firehose? Well, this is directly a feature from Firehose. There's also a really good feature. In case there is a transformation failure, we can archive the transformation failure into an Amazon S3 bucket, or even if there is a delivery failure, well, we can also have that delivery failure put into an Amazon S3 buckets. What you remember out of it, out of this diagram, is that you don't lose data with Kinesis Data Firehose. Either it ends in your targets or you will have a recollection of all the transformation failures, the delivery failures, and even the source records if you wanted to into another S3 bucket. So remember, this diagram, it's really important to... That's basically your understanding of Kinesis Data Firehose. Now we going to look into how often Kinesis Data Firehose sends the output data to the targets. And for this, we need to understand the Firehose buffer sizing. So how does Firehose work? Well, Firehose will receive a bunch of records from the source and it will accumulate all these records into a buffer. And that buffer, hence its name, is not flushed all the time. It's flushed based on some rules. It's based on time and size rules. So we need to define a buffer size, for example, 32 megabytes. That means that if you have enough data from the source that reach and fill a buffer size of 32 megabytes, then, automatically, it is gonna be flushed. The other setting is buffer time, for example, two minutes. That means that if after two minutes your buffer size is not full, nonetheless, it's going to be flushed. So Firehose, sorry, can automatically increase the buffer size to increase throughputs. So it scales really nicely for you and accommodates any throughput size. So if we have high throughput, we have a lot of data going through Kinesis Firehose, then the buffer size limit will be hit and will flush based on buffer size. But if we have low throughputs, usually, that means that the buffer size limit will not be hit, but instead the buffer time limit will be hit. Now buffer time, the minimum you can set is one minute. And buffer size, you can set a few megabytes. Okay, so Kinesis Data Streams versus Firehose? They look similar, but they're actually not. Streams is you're going to have to write custom code for your producer and your consumer, and it's going to be real time, we're going to get 200 millisecond latency for classic consumers or 70 millisecond latency for enhanced fan-out consumers. And you must manage scaling yourself. So you need to perform shard splitting and shard merging to have your cost and your throughput move over time. You get data storage between one to 365 days, replay capability and multiple consumers. You can also use it for Lambda to insert data in real time to OpenSearch, for example. Firehose, on the other hand, is going to be fully managed, autoscaling, it will send data out to S3, Splunk, Redshift and OpenSearch for you. And it has some serverless data transformation it can do with AWS Lambda and it's near real time. It's automated scaling and there is no data storage. So Firehose does not replay data or stuff like this. So you need to really see the differences between the two. To me, they're clear around what they are, but you have to remember. Finally, remember that with the producer of the KPL, you can produce either into Streams or Firehose. That is fine. So remember about your use case. If your use case is to have applications read data, maybe it's gonna be Streams. But if all your use case is about is to send data into S3 or Redshift or Splunk, then maybe Firehose is going to be a use case for you. And remember the real-time versus near real-time constraints. So that's is for Firehose. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.