Okay, so now let's discuss AWS Batch. So the idea is that you can run batch jobs as Docker images and you have two options to run them. So the first one is to run these batch jobs on Fargate and this gives you a fully serverless offering for running batch jobs. And it's very handy, I use it myself for a few things. Or you can have dynamic provisioning of the instances. It could be EC2 and Spot Instances within your VPC and we'll see this later on in this slide. So two options for batch, please remember them. Next, you choose the optimal quantity and type based on your volume of batch jobs and requirements. And overall, Batch manages either Fargate or EC2 for you. So we consider it is a fully serverless service. You're only going to pay for the underlying resources used for Fargate or for EC2 instances. So for example, you can do batch processes of images, you can run thousands of concurrent job. You can schedule these batch jobs using Amazon EventBridge and you can orchestrate them using AWS Step Functions. So let's look at a possible solution architecture for creating, for example, some thumbnails out of images from Amazon S3. So in Batch we're going to create a batch job and it is going to be managed by ECS. And it could be either these two instances, Spot Instances, so as a Spot Fleet or using Fargate in the serverless fashion. Now as a user, we want to upload files into Amazon S3. They're going to be images. Now how do we go from Amazon S3 to triggering a batch job? Well, two options. Number one, we can use the Amazon S3 event notifications and trigger Lambda function. That Lambda function can do an API call using the AWS SDK to start a batch job. Option number two we can push an event directly from Amazon S3 into Amazon EventBridge because EventBridge can directly also read these Amazon S3 event notifications. And EventBridge has a direct integration with Amazon ECS. So the benefit of this step is that you have more filtering capability as part of Amazon EventBridge and you have a serverless offering because you don't need to manage any kind of code. EventBridge knows how to invoke AWS Batch. Okay, so once the batch job is invoked what's going to happen? Well, a Docker image is going to be pulled by your batch job from Amazon ECR, for example, and then your code will run. So your code may need to retrieve the file from Amazon S3 using an API call. So you need to make sure that this job has a correct IAM role of course. And then once the file is retrieved, going to be processed and sent to the target Amazon S3 bucket destination. And then finally, maybe we can insert some metadata into Amazon DynamoDB. So for all these things you need to make sure that the IAM role is correct. So what is the difference between Lambda and Batch? Well, Lambda gives you a time limit. You have a limited runtimes, so you get access to the built in runtimes or you can get special container Docker images built specifically for AWS Lambda, not all kind of Docker images. Lambda gives you temporary disk space, but in a limited fashion and Lambda is serverless Whereas Batch, well you have no time limits. So you can have a Batch job as long as you want. You can have any runtime as long as it's packaged as any kind of Docker image. So you have more flexibility here as well. It's going to rely on EBS or the instant store for disk space, or it relies on EC2 instances that can be directly managed by AWS or if you want to go serverless, it relies on Fargate. So now let's talk about these Compute Environments in detail. So the first one is a Managed Compute Environment. And in this case, AWS Batch will manage your capacity and the instance types within your environment. And you can choose between On-Demand or Spot Instances and you can set a maximum price for Spot Instances. So that means that with this we don't need to worry too much about the capacity. It is Amazon's job to scale that capacity for us and we will fully get good pricing as well. So this is of a more managed alternative and therefore it's called a Managed Compute Environment. All the instances are going to be launched within your own VPC. So you need to make sure that if you launch your instances in your own private subnets it needs to have access to the ECS service. And so that means either you have a NAT gateway or a NAT instance to get access to the ECS service for the public route, or you need to create a VPC endpoint for your ECS service to access it privately. Next, you have Unmanaged Compute Environment, where you control and manage the instance configuration provisioning and scaling. And so this is more responsibility to you and you have to pay for your instances, obviously on your own. Okay, so let's have a look into the Managed Compute Environment in detail because that is the important one. So what do we have? Well, we have Batch and we set how many min or max vCPU we want to have in our Compute Environment. And if you want to stop Spot Instances. And for example, the Spot Instances will launch m5.large, c5.xlarge, r5.2xlarge. So this doesn't matter really the type of Instance that gets launched. What really matters is how many min and max vCPU we've set. And then we'll have all our Instances summed up together for the vCPU and we'll see if that fits our Batch - Managed Compute Environment. So then we have a Batch Job Queue, and this is how the jobs are being distributed to our EC2 Instances that will be running the Docker containers. And so to send a job to AWS Batch the one thing you have to do is to use the SDK to add a job to the job queue. But this is something you can do with Lambda obviously or CloudWatch Events can do this for you or Step Function can do this for you as well. And then finally, in case you have many, many jobs in the Batch Job Queue, you can set up auto scaling so through the Managed Compute Environment to automatically create new Spot Instances or new On-Demand Instances to respond to the increase or decrease in jobs. So you have a really good, well fitted environment based on the size of your job queue. Okay, finally, I said that one Batch Job usually equates to one EC2 Instance. That's not the case when you have a Multi Node Mode. So this is a newer mode called Multi Node and this is good one if you want to do large scale high performance computing, HPC. And so in this case you're going to leverage multiple EC2 or ECS instances at the same time to run your job. So it's really good when you have tightly coupled workload and you need to have multiple instances at the same time to share that workload to process it faster. So this represents a single job and you specify how many nodes to create for that one job. And so you're going to have one main node that will manage all the other nodes and the other nodes are going to be called child nodes. So it does not work with Spot Instances for now. And it works better if your EC2 launch mode is in the placement group "cluster" because you're going to get enhanced networking out of it. So very important Multi Node does not work with Spot Instances and it's better to use a cluster mode for placement group. So we have a placement group of cluster mode. That means that everything is going to be on the same rack within the same availability zone and Batch is going to submit a Multi Node job. And so there's going to be one EC2 main instance that will be launched and that EC2 instance will launch and manage other EC2 instances within your Multi Node job to perform the job and then everything will be shut down. So that's all you need to know for Batch. Hopefully that was very helpful and new knowledge for you and I will see you in the next lecture.