Welcome back. The first step in learning Apache Spark is accessing the spark system and setting up your development environment. This lecture will introduce you to the most commonly used spark development environments. So let's start. Apache Spark is a framework for developing distributed data processing applications. However, a spark is just a development framework. You can write code using the Spark framework. But that's not enough. You need infrastructure and a platform for developing, testing, executing, deploying, running and managing spark applications. Spark platforms are available in two types of infrastructures. Cloud and on-premise. So we develop a spark applications and finally deploy and run them in the cloud or an on-premise infrastructure. And we have two popular spark platforms for these infrastructures. Databricks platform and Cloudera data platform. Databricks is the most popular and widely adopted spark platform on the cloud infrastructure. The Cloudera is the most popular spark platform for the on-premise infrastructure. Development, testing. deployment approaches for both the environments differ by a small percentage. Spark programming is standard and remains the same across all the platforms. However, the day to day development testing deployment approaches are different. This course primarily focuses on cloud platforms. So most of the development testing and deployment approaches explained in this course are inclined towards the Databricks platform. Learning and practicing your exercises is easy and convenient on cloud platforms. And that's another reason for adopting a cloud platform for most of the course lectures, exercises and demos. However, this course does not leave the on premise platform untouched. The later part of the course will help you learn to work with the on-premise platform. We will cover enough details so you can translate and take your learnings to an on-premise platform. Great. So we talked about the infrastructure. We have two types of spark platform infrastructures: cloud and on-premise. Similarly, we have two types of spark development IDEs. Browser based notebook. . And traditional IDEs. The first type of development is purely browser based. It is designed using the notebooks. And this is the one we will use for most of our learning. The second type of IDE is your typical python language IDE. I prefer using PyCharm for Python development, so it will be PyCharm IDE. However, VSCode is also a good option. I will help you with PyCharm in some lectures so you can leverage the power of the local development environment. Great. So we learned that we have two types of development IDEs: browser-based notebook environment and local development IDE. We will start with the browser based notebook environment. We will use the Databricks Community edition for most of our learning and development activity. But why? Notebook environment and why Databricks Community. I have multiple reasons. Databricks community is free for learning. It has a free cluster to run and test your code. It also comes with free cloud storage to store your data. It does not require any local setup and saves you from complexities and issues of a local setup. It is a simplified version of the Databricks Spark Development workspace. Most of the cloud-based Spark projects will be using Databricks development workspace. And using the community edition makes you familiar with an ultimate Spark development environment. Hope that makes some sense. Great. So we learned the following. Spark is a framework for coding your distributed data processing applications. You will need a platform for running your spark. Applications and spark platforms are available in cloud and on premise infrastructure. Databricks is the most popular cloud spark platform. Spark projects on the Databricks platform are often developed using notebook environments. We will be using free. Databricks Community edition of the Notebook Environment. We will also learn to use PyCharm for local development. Cloudera is the most popular on-premise Spark platform. Spark projects on the Cloudera platform are often developed using PyCharm or VSCode. We will learn to use PyCharm for local development at a later stage of the course. Great. That's all for this lecture. See you in the following lecture and I'll help you set up the Databricks Community edition for practicing and learning Apache Spark. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.