Okay, so let's talk about access logs for CloudFront. So the idea is that when you enable it, the same way you would do for an S3 bucket or for a load balancer for example, well, CloudFront is going to log every request made to your origin into a logging S3 bucket. The way it's going to work is that your people are, your users are going to access your website through the CloudFront URL, okay? And then each edge location around the world is going to send its log file, so the distribution log data, to a central S3 bucket that you have to define. Now, your S3 bucket is going to be a logging bucket, but it can be different, and it should be different, than your origin bucket, which is maybe where the content is originated from, okay? So there are two types of buckets in Amazon S3, your origin bucket that is linked to your platform distribution, and your logs bucket to send your log files to. And you could have a second website with a second platform distribution, do the exact same thing, okay? And send it out to your logs bucket. The idea is that you could separate your distribution by adding a prefix within your logs buckets. Finally, you can send these logs directly into CloudWatch Logs and Kinesis Data Firehose for further processing in real time. So CloudFront has a lot of reports, and it's possible to generate reports on cache statistics reports, popular object reports, top referrer reports, usage reports, and viewers reports. And to create these reports, CloudFront is going to use the data from the access logs, but you don't need to enable access logs to be sent into S3 to have these reports being generated, okay? So no matter what, you will find these reports. And first one, troubleshooting. Well, CloudFront will cache the HTTP 400 and 500 status codes returned by S3 or the origin server. So that means that if there isn't an unavailable file at the origin, then that response is going to be cached no matter what. So 4xx will indicate that the user doesn't have access to the underlying bucket, for example, 403, or that the user is requesting an object that is not existing, so 404, okay? And 5xx will indicate gateway issues. So let's have a look in the console to see where all these options are. So let's have a look at the logging setting for our CloudFront distribution. And for this, under Settings, I will click on Edit, and then scroll down, and I will have the standard logging options. So we can say on, and we can have a S3 buckets that we choose, for example, that you have created previously, so stephane-cloudfront-logs. And then you can have a log prefix, if you wanted to, to send the logs into the S3 buckets. And what's going to happen is that, if you go into this S3 CloudFront log, so I have already did create this before, so let me just put back the setting. So I will have this settings as saved right now and click on Save changes. So when logging is enabled, what's going to happen is that the objects are going to be logged into your S3 buckets, and then in your S3 bucket, you're going to get a lot of files, okay, corresponding to some important logging information regarding your distribution. So you can just get any of these files, download it, and then you would unzip it and look at the content. So if you have a look at this file, so we have the fields, so each column is going to be represented here, okay? So we have the date, the time. We get some information around that, there was GET request from this URL at this path right here. It was a 403, the results. It was from Mozilla, and so on. And so you get a lot of information around your request overall, okay? So this is a classic access log, and you could use a service like Athena to analyze this access log. Now let's have a look at the reports and analytics from some real distribution. So if I go to Cache statistics, and I choose a distribution that I have that actually is being used in a real world, we can have a look at the report, for example, of the number of requests in the past seven days. So we can have a look at, for example, that had 80,000 requests on this day on my distribution. And we can get a daily granularity or an hourly granularity to get more information around the patterns of how objects are being requested, okay? We can have some information around the cache hits versus the cache misses, and the errors. So the distribution. So as we can see, I average about 75, 80% of cache hits, and about, you know, less, I have 20%, 15% of cache misses, which is really good. So that means that my distribution is working correctly, and most of the content being served is coming from the cache. We can have a look at the bytes transferred to the viewers, so how much is transferred from the viewer directly from CloudFront or from the cache misses. And then we can get some information around the HTTP status codes we're getting. So whether or not we get some 2xx, 3xx, 4xx, and 5xx, and so on. Okay. Now let's look at popular objects. So this gives us some information around which objects have been popular in my cache and which ones have been hits or misses, and so on. Top referrers, which is giving me some information around which websites are sending data into my cache. Then we have usage, which is showing me the usage in terms of data transfer by protocol, so it's quite nice. That means that every day I get nine gigabytes or eight gigabytes of data being served over HTTPS. And none of it over HTTP, so that means that my distribution is only secure, and we can get some more information as well from the location, so where is the data flowing? Is it from CloudFront to users, or is it from CloudFront to your origin. And all the data, so just some information in here. And then viewers, which is giving me some information around which type of user I have. So desktop, bot, mobile, and so on. And then some trends that I get for these information, the web browsers that are accessing my distribution, the operating systems, as well as the location. So it gave me some information around which countries are accessing my distribution. And India, UK, and United States are the biggest locations from this distribution. And then finally, we can have a look at some monitoring associated with my distribution. So if I click on it and look at the distribution metrics, what we can see in here are going to be the sum of requests over time, the data transfers, the error rates, the 4xx error rates and the 5xx error rates, the latency to the origin, and the cache error rates, okay? So that's all you need to know for CloudFront reports, logging, and monitoring. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.