So here is a deep dive lecture on CloudFront Caching. And on CloudFront you can cache on, based on multiple things. And we'll do a deep dive on all those. So headers, session cookies, query string parameters. And based on the combinations of what you set for these parameters, the cache is going to be less or more efficient. Now the cache will live on each CloudFront edge locations around the world. So the idea is that the client will make a request into an edge location and if the Edge location has the data in the cache, it will serve the data from the cache, okay, based on the headers and the cookies and it receives based on the TTL of what's in the cache. And then if it's not from the cache then it will forward the request to the origin, okay, and reaches the data sent into the client's and cache the results. So you want to maximize the cache hit to minimize requests on the origin. This is the whole idea behind using a CloudFront distribution. And you can control the time to live, we'll see how, using a header. And there are two headers you can control, there's the cache control header and there is the expires header. And you can invalidate parts of the cache using the create invalidation API. So now let's do a deep dive into the caching behavior for each of the following. So the first is headers. And so when the client passes an HTTP request to your CloudFront distribution, it passes headers with it. And headers is what you see in this diagram. So it's the combination of host and then a value, user agent and a value, date and a value, authorization and a value, keep alive and a value, accept range and a value. And the headers could be really whatever you want. So saying get this image, cat.jpg, using the protocol HTTP 1.1, and here are the headers that I want to pass to. So you can configure CloudFront in three ways, you can afford all the headers to your origin. That means there's going to be no caching, every request will go to the origin. And so effectively you're not using CloudFront for caching if you forward all headers. And in this case, this TTL must be set to zero because you're not doing any caching in CloudFront. If you forward a whitelist of headers, that means you only forward some headers as part of this request, then the caching is going to be based on all the values in the specified headers. And if you do none, suppose you forward zero headers, then the forward is going to be only done for the default headers, okay, and is going to be no caching based on the request headers. And is going to give you obviously the best caching performance because the headers are just removed from the request. So whether or not you want to forward all headers, whitelist header, or if you want to forward zero headers, okay, it's up to you and to what your application does. Maybe your application needs some headers or maybe it doesn't need some headers. And it's very important for you to understand that it's a more of an application specific behavior, but here I'm explaining how CloudFront cache works. Okay, so if you have a look, then we have a request that's being made with a lot of headers, okay? And then this is going to have a whitelisting in this example, okay? So we're going to a whitelist a few headers, we're going to whitelist the host and the authorization header. And so these are the headers that are going to be passed on to your origin and then the cache will happen, okay, at this stage. And so what will happen is that, because you are passing less values from your clients all the way to your origin, less values of the headers, you're going have better caching because you have less values to cache, okay? And the idea is that if the same request comes with the same headers then CloudFront will know how to respond to that request directly. So it's up to you again to see how you want the behavior to be done. So there is a big question that can come up with the exam which is talking about CloudFront's origin headers and CloudFront cache behavior. So there is origin custom headers, and this is a setting you can set on your origin itself. So that means that's for every single request, this is an origin-level setting, and it will set a constant header, name and header value for all requests made to your origin. That means that every single request no matter what comes with some headers and CloudFront will add on some headers of its own that you specify right here. They're called origin custom headers. A use case for that would be, for example, if you wanted to tell your origin that a request was coming from CloudFront then you could define a custom header for this if you want it to. So this is going to be custom and constant no matter what, okay? But you have behavior settings. And behavior settings allow you to set your whitelist of headers. And this is something you set at the behavior level, okay? And this one is called the cache behavior because this is going to be used for caching. The first origin custom headers are not used for caching, okay, they're used to just pass on headers to the origin, but the second one is a cache behavior. So this is cache-related settings and it will contain a list of all the headers to forward to your origin and to cache onto. Cause you can see in my example I'm passing on the CloudFront is desktop viewer or CloudFront is mobile viewer as headers that are going to be whitelisted and passed on to origin. So next we have the caching TTL. So as I said, the origin has to respond with a header if you want to. So the header can be cache control max-age, or there is an expires header as well but the newest standard and the best way to do things in CloudFront is to use the cache control max-age header when replying from the origin to CloudFront. And if the origin always sends back to the cache control header then you can set the TTL to be directly controlled by the header and therefore by your application. But in case you wanted to set min and max boundaries for the TTL, you can choose customize in the object caching settings. So at the again, behavior level setting, okay, because this is a caching behavior, you can say for object caching, use origin cache headers. In this case your application will set the cache no matter what. Or you can customize it to have a minimum TTL, a maximum TTL and a default TTL. And the idea is that if the cache control header is missing from a reply, from your origin, then it will default to default value. So if you have a look, this is the TTL, okay, there's going to be a min TTL no matter what, a max TTL no matter what, then your application will turn a cache control header, okay? And this is optional but recommended, if the cache control is less than the min, obviously the min is going to be used. If the cache control is more than the max then the max is going to be used, okay? And if the cache control is missing then the TTL that will be applied is the default TTL that you set up in these settings. So hopefully that helps you understand how caching works and how the TTL works. So now we're going to have a look at cookies and query string parameters, but the idea behind it is quite similar. So cookies are what? Well, cookies are a specific header, but in the header named cookie you're going to have a lot of key value pairs. So in this example we'll have username equals John Doe, location equals UK, lang equals eng, and user ID equals 12342. So the idea with this is that you're pricing four cookies as part of this request. And cookies can be again, have three different settings. So the default is to not process the cookies. That mean that the caching will not be based on cookies and the cookies are not going to be forwarded from CloudFront to your origin. Or you can forward a whitelist of cookies in which case the caching will be based on the values in all the specified cookies. Or you can forward all cookies, which gives you obviously the worst caching performance, but allows your application to use all of them. So, again, what you set depends on your application. How are cookies used within your application is very important. And then you would set up CloudFront accordingly to have the best caching performance. So it's going to be the same idea here. So here I have a request and we're going to whitelist user ID. So my origin is only going to receive this request with a cookie, user ID equals 12342. And then the, this request going to be forwarded and is going to be better caching because you have less cookies values from what is being sent from the client to CloudFront and what is passed on from CloudFront to your origin. Similar behavior for query string parameters. So if we have a look at this, this is a GET. And this time there is a question mark and there's border equals red and size equals large, okay? And this is going to be always in the URL. So you have three options, default, it should not processed them. That means they are not passed to your origin and caching is not going to be based on this query strings. Or you can forward a whitelist of query strings and then the caching is going to be based on this whitelist. Or you can forward all query strings and then you're going to have caching based on all parameters. But again this is going to view the worst caching performance because you have many, many more values. So as you can see, three different concepts, we have headers, we have cookies and we have query string parameters, okay? But the idea is that the settings are very, very similar and the behavior is very, very similar. So in this example, well I just whitelist the size query string parameter. So the size only is passed to my origin and then my origin can make a decision based on that. And you get better caching because you have less query string parameters values. And I made a small typo, but I will correct that in the PowerPoints. Okay, so finally, how do you maximize cache hits? Well, you can separate static and dynamic distributions. So, say you have a CloudFront layer, all the static requests should go to CloudFront into a static contents S3 bucket. And here you don't use headers, you don't use cookies, you don't have your session caching rules, okay? And you're going to have maximize cache hits because while the content is coming back from S3 as static. But then all the dynamic content, all the stuff that can be dynamized and then you pass onto your application running maybe on your ALB plus EC2 instances or API gateway and lambda, maybe they will be using some headers and some cookies. Then you configure your CloudFront distribution just like I just told you from the previous settings, okay, and you best on exactly what's similar to your application. And again, you would maximize cache there. So it's quite recommended to split these two together. So to summarize, to increase the cache hit ratio, well, just have a look at the CloudWatch metric, specify how long the objects should be in your cache. So use the cache control max-age header. Specify none of them, or the minimally required headers. Specify none or the minimally required cookies and same for the query string parameters. And finally separate the static and dynamic distribution. So that means you can have two origins for your CloudFront distribution, okay? So I hope that helps. I hope that's helpful to you. I hope you understand what I mean behind caching. This will help you answer one or two questions at the exam. I hope you like this lecture, and I will see you in the next lecture.