So let's practice encryption. And for this I'm going to create a bucket called demo encryption Stefan V2. And we scroll down. We're going to leave this on. Leave this on. We're going to enable bucket versioning. And then under default encryption as we can see we have three different options. But we must choose a default encryption for our buckets. So I will go over ssh S3 right now and we'll have a look at ssh kms. And kms later on. So let's click on create a bucket. And now we have created a bucket that has default encryption turned on. So let's verify this by actually uploading an object. So we're going to add a file. And we'll add our coffee JPEG file. And then we're going to just click on upload. And as you can see now I can click on this file and scroll down. Look for the server side encryption settings. And indeed the file was encrypted with server side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys, so ssh, S3. We can also edit the encryption mechanism for a file. So I can just click on edit. And as you can see, if we do edit the server side encryption then this will create a new version of the object with updated setting. And so therefore this is why I have enabled versioning for my bucket is to show you that a new version of the file will be created. So let's change the encryption. And for this we're going to override the bucket settings for default encryption for this one object. And so we have a choice to use either Sse-kms or kms. So kms I won't spend a lot of time on this. It's just two levels of encryption on KMS. So just a stronger kms. We're just going to use KMS right now. It is simpler and it is not going to cost us any money. So we're going to use ssh kms as we learned, and then we have to specify a KMS key so we can either enter a KMS key or we can choose from your own KMS keys. So if we choose from KMS keys right now, you should have only one key the available the aws S3 key and it's called the default KMS key for the S3 service. So if we click on it we can use this key. And that's not going to cost us any money because this is the default key for the service. If you created your own KMS key then it would be available in this list. But creating your own KMS key will cost you some money every month. So for this purpose, we're just going to use the default aws s3 kms key. Okay, so let's save the changes. We close this and now if we go under versions. As we can see we have two versions of our file right now available. And so the current version if we scroll down and go under server side encryption, as we can see it is indeed encrypted with SSE, kms with this encryption key, which corresponds to the default AWS s3 kms key. Okay, so this is really good. Next we go under this part so we can do the same process by uploading a file. And then we're going to add a file for example JPEG. And under properties we're going to find server side encryption. And here we can specify an encryption key to either use the default encryption mechanism or to override it with Sc3 SSC KMS or DSC kms. So this is one way of doing it. And finally let's have a look at the default encryption properties. So let's scroll down and we're going to find default encryption. Let's edit this. And here we have the option so we can enable Ssh3 ssh kms as the default encryption or ssh dsc kms. So in case we do ssh kms we have the bucket key option available to us. So this is to reduce the the cost by doing less API calls to AWS KMS. And so this is enabled by default. If we just use Ssh3 then this setting doesn't count. So we've seen that we can change the default encryption here. And you may ask me well SCC is missing. Well indeed it is missing because SCC you can only do from the CLI, not from the console. So that means that you cannot enable SCC right here. And finally for client side encryption well you have to encrypt everything client side then upload it to AWS and then decrypted client side. And so you don't need to tell AWS that the data is client side encrypted. So therefore the only options you can deal with in the console are Sse-s3 Sse-kms and Dsrc kms. So that's it. We've seen all the encryption options in AWS. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.