Welcome, welcome, welcome. My name is Frank cane. I'll be your host for this course where we're going to learn about the AWS Certified Machine Learning Engineer Associate exam together. MLA C01. So there's a lot to go through here. Let's give a little overview here of what we're going to touch on in this course. First section is going to be about data ingestion and storage. So we're going to start off talking about the types and formats and properties of data that you might be working with. We'll also talk about the difference between data warehouses, data lakes and data lake houses. We'll talk about the extract, transform and load pipeline and orchestration tools you can use to manage that process of obtaining your data and transforming it into the format that your models need, and loading that wherever it needs to go. We'll also go through the AWS storage and streaming services. Some of those are on the right here Amazon, Kinesis, FSX, S3, EFS, and EBS. After that, we'll go into data transformation, integrity and feature engineering. Also called out on the exam guide. We'll start by talking about elastic MapReduce or EMR for short. That's a framework for running big parallel data processing jobs at scale, usually using Hadoop or Spark or something like that. We'll talk about techniques for handling missing data. Unbalanced data or outliers that are in your data. Kind of a general topic in machine learning. Not specific to AWS, but definitely something you need to know. We'll also talk about some common data transformation techniques you might need to employ to prepare your data for use in a machine learning model or a deep learning model, and we'll go through Sagemaker's specific data processing and analysis features. There's quite a few of them. SageMaker is a really large ecosystem, and that's the bulk of this exam. We'll also talk about AWS glue, which is another tool that can be used for data processing and transformation. Kind of does the same thing as SageMaker in a lot of cases, but it's another way to do it. So as is often the case with Amazon, there's more than one way to do it. And you got to know them all. There's also a whole suite of managed AI services that Amazon offers for specific AI tasks. For example, if you need to do image recognition stuff, you can use Amazon Rekognition to do that if you want to do, you know, forecasting data out in the future, use Amazon Forecast and so on and so on. There's a whole bunch of these to go through. We're going to touch on all of them real quickly. You just kind of have to know what each one does, what they're for. The newest one in that list is Amazon Q. That's a system for building chatbots and stuff, for interacting with your internal data within your corporation. So that's an exciting new one there. We'll also go through the long list of built in algorithms that are included in SageMaker. So you don't need to package up your own models from scratch with SageMaker. There's a whole list of the most common ones that you might need to use, so you can just choose from and deploy with SageMaker, for example, XGBoost or I think that's what's being shown in this diagram here, or linear learner, whatever it might be. We'll go through what all those algorithms do. So not only is that going to be a good review of how SageMaker works internally, it's also a good review of different popular machine learning models and what they do and what they're for. We'll also dive into model training, tuning and evaluation. And I'm going to start that off by teaching you how deep learning works. So a lot of people kind of understand what a neural network does. But do you know how they actually work how they're tuned, how they're how they're trained, what their topology means, things like that. We'll go through all those details from a very low level, and that will give you the foundations. You need to really understand how to optimize these neural networks, because they're kind of a black box inside. But if you understand how they work at a fundamental level, you can still be very effective at tuning their performance. And there are specific tuning techniques we'll go through as well. We'll also go through means for measuring their performance. It's not always straightforward to measure how well a neural network does because they are so complex. But we'll go through some typical measures for measuring just general classification problems. You know, precision, recall, F1 score, all that stuff will certainly expect you to know that. And we'll also go through the automatic model tuning feature in SageMaker that allows you to automatically do hyperparameter tuning in a very efficient manner. And there's a lot of knobs and dials on how to optimize that process that we're going to get into, the details of which, again, are important for the exam. After that, I'm going to turn our attention to generative AI. And again, it's just useful to know how it works. They won't necessarily test you on the inner workings of the transformer architecture, which is what these large language models and image generation models are built on top of. But we're going to go through that real quickly, and I think you'll find that it's not quite as complex as you think. It's built on a concept called self-attention. And once you get through that section, you'll understand how that works, too, and also how GPT works and similar large language models such as Claude. You'll see there's a lot of human intervention and human tuning on top of the actual AI parts. So AI is not as artificial as you might think. We'll also touch on SageMaker Jumpstart, which is a way to quickly get up and running with existing pre-trained foundation models within a Python environment. And we'll also have a lot of hands on labs. So if you want to get a real feel of how this stuff works viscerally, we've got some SageMaker notebooks you can go through to actually get a feel of how this stuff is really working under the hood. Once you understand how AI works, or modern AI or Llms, whatever you want to call it. We'll also talk about applying that to AWS using Amazon Bedrock. Bedrock is an exciting service that's built on top of a whole suite of foundation models that come from both Amazon and from third parties. These are large language models, image generation models, embedding models, whatever they might be that you can play with very easily using bedrock. It's sort of a common API on top of all these models. We'll also talk about how retrieval augmented generation works, or Rag for short. It's a very popular technique on preventing hallucinations and injecting your own proprietary data into a large language model or into a chatbot. Implementing Rag on bedrock involves creating what they call knowledge bases, which is where that external data is stored, and underneath that, that's backed by what we call a vector store, which can be one of many different vector databases offered by AWS. We'll also talk about guardrails that can be used to prevent your model from doing things that you don't want it to do, and we'll also build an LM agent showing how you can incorporate your own custom code and custom tools to extend the capabilities of your AI application. Again, this section has lots of hands on labs to let you practice with this stuff and really get a feel for how it works. Next section will be machine Learning operations or MLOps for short. And I'm not going to go through this laundry list of services that support that. We will go into SageMaker in more depth, of course, because SageMaker really is the heart of this exam and the heart of machine learning on AWS. And then we'll touch on all the usual suspects in the world of operations, not necessarily limited to machine learning operations, but operations in general. You need to containerize things if you're going to be deploying your own models to SageMaker. So EKS and ECR will be a part of that. CloudFormation might be a useful tool. Uh, CDK Cloud Development kit, code deploy code, build Codepipeline. Even continuous integration and continuous deployment technologies are fair game for this exam, even if they're not machine learning specific. And then there's, uh, systems that can be used for orchestrating the pipelines of transforming your data and, uh, and moving data and models along throughout your machine learning pipeline. EventBridge and step functions are tools you might use for that, as well as Amazon managed workflows for Apache Airflow. Getting toward the end of the course, we'll hit on security, identity, and compliance. We'll touch on this throughout the course, because that's an integral part of everything we do in AWS. There are some specific tips and tricks for SageMaker that we'll go through, and you can surely expect that to be on the exam. And then we'll go through the usual suspects for security in AWS that are sort of the fundamentals for security in general. IAM kms Macie secrets manager, website, application firewall and shield. And then we'll also talk on VPCs and Privatelink as ways to provide network isolation for sensitive data as well. We'll also talk about management and governance. And again just the usual suspects here. Uh, some of these you've heard of before for sure, like CloudWatch and CloudFormation config, CloudTrail budgets, Cost Explorer and a couple of new ones you might not know about. Trusted advisor and X-ray are ones that I have not covered before in my courses. So a little bit of new stuff there, and we'll wrap up with some best practices for putting them all together. This is based on the recommendations of the AWS Well-Architected Machine Learning Lens. And even though the exam guide states that you do not need to know how to put this stuff together into larger systems, because that wouldn't be associate level. I'm not sure I believe them. This this is exactly what's in the Amazon provided learning path for this exam. So I think this stuff might be fair game, but it's a good way to wrap up the course and see how all the stuff you've learned fits together into larger systems. I think now a lot of these services and systems might seem familiar. If you've taken the machine learning specialty exam or the Data engineer associate exam in the past, there is a lot of overlap between the exam guides for machine learning specialty and data engineer associate and this new machine learning engineer associate exam. In fact, I'm kind of wondering what the future is for the machine learning specialty exam because there's so much overlap with that. So to get this course to you as quickly as possible, there is a lot of material that's been recycled from our prep courses for those courses as well. But we've added a lot of new stuff too, for things that are that have popped up on the exam guide that we haven't seen before, and we've also updated a lot of content as well to make sure you're getting the latest capabilities, the latest features, and the latest information as you go through this course But if some of these lectures sound familiar, well, they probably are. But there's a lot of new stuff, too, that we've added as well. There's also a dabbling of AI practitioner foundational exam material in here as well. AI practitioner was kind of the first place where we saw some material on Amazon, bedrock and things like SageMaker clarify. So some of the stuff you might have learned for that exam is also applicable to this one. So think of a big ol Venn diagram between these three exams. And somewhere in the middle is the Machine Learning Engineering Associate exam with maybe just a dabbling of other new stuff. So the good news is, if you've taken these other exams, you're going to find this one pretty easy. But it is a lot to cover. Target candidate according to AWS for this exam, is someone with one year of experience with SageMaker and other machine learning engineering services kind of a tall order. I mean, using these services is really expensive. So unless you're working for a big company with big budgets and working on big things, you might not have that. But I'm hoping this course will get you through some of the stuff you might have learned if you had that practice. We'll go through it as much as we can, and give you as much hands on practice as we can without breaking the bank. They also recommend one year in software development, DevOps, data engineering or data scientist roles. That would certainly be helpful. Notably, it does not require a higher level system architect role or anything like that. Again, this is an associate level exam, so you're not supposed to be required to know those bigger concepts. They do expect you to know about machine learning algorithms, but we will review them for you in this course data Engineering Fundamentals. Again we'll review that in this course as well. And just the general principles of software engineering and continuous integration and continuous deployment. Again we'll touch on that. But it's better if you have some experience in it. What you do not need, at least according to the exam guide, is the ability to design end to end machine learning solutions or have a really deep knowledge in natural language processing or computer vision and things like that. So it's more about how the individual components work and how you tune their performance as opposed to building larger systems. So with all that behind us, let's get started. Let's go and get prepared for success with the Amazon Machine Learning Engineer Associate exam.