Welcome back. In this lecture, we will try to understand the unique capabilities of Databricks platform. We will try to understand what is Databricks offering on top of Apache Spark as a platform. So let's start. Databricks is a platform that brings technologies, tools and capabilities to develop and implement Lakehouse solutions using Medallion Architecture and other architecture patterns. It brings everything that is required to design, develop, maintain, operate, enterprise grade, Lakehouse or Data Lake solutions. Here are some of the unique capabilities of the Databricks platform will quickly go through it. So Databricks brings a spark to the cloud. Spark was initially designed to be executed on Hadoop platform, but Databricks makes a spark independent from Hadoop and brings it on the cloud platform as a cloud native technology. That's what the Databricks platform is all about. Databricks platform gives you easy approach for integrating cloud storage with Apache Spark or with Databricks, uh, runtime on Databricks platform in a secure manner. So it brings storage to your data lake. Asset compliance is one of the most desired feature of any data system. Uh. There is a project called Open Source Project called Delta Lake uh, which is designed to give these kind of capabilities to a variety of distributed data processing systems. Databricks integrates Delta Lake with Apache Spark, combines them together, and offers it as a pre-integrated ready to use solution on the Databricks platform. The next is metadata management, and user management is one of the essential features or requirement for an enterprise grade, um data engineering solution. So Databricks brings both the features for metadata management and user management through Unity Catalog. Unity catalog is the solution of or offering of Databricks platform to help you. Implement centralized metadata management and user management as well as security. Cluster management is one of the day to day activity for any distributed um data processing requirement. So Databricks brings all those capabilities within the Databricks platform itself and allow you to launch cluster auto, scale it up, auto scale it down, release clusters, all those things directly from within the Databricks platform itself without directly going and working with your cloud, uh, solutions. Uh, Databricks also created, uh. Query accelerator. They call it Photon Query Engine. Uh, it's a transparent acceleration solution, which you just switch it on and it starts giving boost to your, uh, spark SQL queries and data frame APIs and things start running faster. So Photon Query Engine is, uh, a transparent query acceleration. They offer notebooks and workspace, which is kind of an ID, uh, that helps us to perform our day to day project activities like development, testing, integration with source control and all that. Uh, they also offer administrative control. The point is that you can implement a robust security screen. You can implement, uh, user groups. We can define policies and control access and activities based on the policies. So all those administrative controls are also offered by Databricks platform. Uh, one more thing. Databricks claims that they take vanilla. Apache spark implements some optimizations before they bring it into the Databricks platform. So in Databricks Platform, Apache Spark is optimized for Apache Spark. So the point is that even same Apache Spark runs a little faster in Databricks platform because they have done some kind of optimizations and tuning. Databricks as a platform offers a variety of tools and techniques to automate your project activities. They offer you Rest APIs, SDKs, command line tools to automate a lot of things, and things can also integrate with Terraform to automate a lot of things. So that's about the Databricks platform. And some high level features of the Databricks platform will be learning most of these capabilities in this course. The next question comes with where is Databricks platform available and which one to choose. So Databricks Platform is available on all three major cloud platforms. It is available on Azure, it is available on AWS cloud, and it is also available on Google Cloud Platform. The next question that you might ask is okay, which one is best or which one should I choose? So it's not about Databricks is different on different cloud platforms. Databricks as a platform is the same on all three platforms. The point is that it is same capabilities, same solution available on a choice of cloud platforms. It's up to us which one we want to choose. There might be some differences behind the scene in how they implemented things on different cloud platforms, but those are mostly transparent from the data engineering team or from the, uh, project, uh, people. Those are for Databricks and the cloud platform. So the point is, Databricks is the same on all three cloud platforms. And the decision for going for any particular cloud platform like Azure or AWS or GCP is based on other factors. And those other factors are like which cloud platform your organization is already aligned with or partnered with, or have a strong relationship, which often cloud platforms, offerings, or products your organization is already using for lot of other data engineering or data related, uh, projects or activities, preference will always go to that particular platform. So if we are already aligned with, uh, Azure, or if my organization is already aligned or partnered with AWS, most likely Databricks is also used on the same platform. But from the project perspective, everything is same. The Databricks platform is same on all three platforms. The integration part might be little different, which is mostly infrastructure and setup and configuration things. And that's all. That's all for this lecture. I hope you understand what are the unique features of Databricks. And it is available on all three platforms. And we can choose any platform. Uh, for Databricks, it's almost the same on all the three platforms. See you again. Keep learning. Keep growing.