Now that we have metrics it's possible for us to present them into a CloudWatch dashboard. So it is very easy. You can access to your key metrics and your alarms and the dashboards are going to be global. So they're going to be across many regions and you can include graphs from different accounts in AWS or different regions. And this is very important from an exam perspective. You can have metrics from US east one and then EUS one, and then AP Southeast two in the same CloudWatch dashboard. You can change the time zone and the time range on the dashboard, you can set up automatic refresh, and you can share the dashboard with people who do not have an account in AWS. The pricing is very easy. You'll get three dashboards up to 50 metrics for free, and then you're going to pay $3 per dashboard per month afterwards. So let's go ahead and see how we can create a dashboard. So let's go ahead and have a look at our dashboards. So right, currently we have zero custom dashboards, but we can create an automatic dashboard based on a specific service. So you could create, for example, an auto-scaling dashboard, and this would create already a pre-configured dashboard for you, which you can filter by resource group. For example, DevGroup, FinanceGroup, ProdGoup and we had created these groups from before. And then this would show you all the metrics that AWS thinks is relevant for your auto scaling group, okay? But this is, these are your automatic dashboards. What you can do instead is you can create a custom dashboard. So if you go to dashboard and then create a dashboard, you can create a demo dashboard. Now in here, you can add many different things. You can add a line, a stacked area, a number, some texts, some logs table, alarm status, and so on so lots of different widgets that you can use within your dashboard. So for now I'll use a number and I'll use a number, why? Because we pushed a custom metric in my namespace and then we choose this number. And this is going to show you the size of my buffer. So this is quite handy and it will create this widget. So remember this number was pushed using the put metric data API code that we used from before from the documentation in this CLI. So here we have this number and it's pretty cool, but for example, you wanted to add another widget or you can have, for example, a line and a metric, and then you choose a metric. For example, again, you see two and you get your per instance metric and you get your CPU credit balance, and you can add it. Now, we don't have any information right now in this dashboard because, well, we don't have any EC2 instances is running. And so therefore this credit balance for that EC2 instance is not happening to be populated, okay? But you could go back in time again and display one month of data. And this would show you a little bit of information and you can zoom in. And as you can see, as I zoom in, well, the buffer did not show any data because during that timeframe that I'm zooming in right now, well, the buffer that was a custom metric did not have any data. So you can definitely have a look at CloudWatch dashboards. And the cool thing is that all the metrics and all the widgets that you're sharing side to side are going to be shown during the exact same timeframe. So you can get a more complete information around the story of your metrics as you go and explore your dashboard, okay? So right now I can just display the last one hour and I can just save this dashboard, and then we'll be good to go. So we can say, hey, show me the last 180 minutes and she should be good to go. Okay. So now you can also do something else for your dashboard. I told you dashboards are global. So therefore you can add a widget and you can add a line again, okay? A metric. But this time, as you can see, the metric can be chosen from any specific regions. So right now we're in Frankfurt, but if you go to US east one, you could find some metrics around US east one. For example, some storage metrics of a bucket, and you can get the buckets sized bites and plot that or the number of metrics, a number of objects, for example, and add this directly. So this metric right here comes from US east one. Even though there is no data available. So not very, very interesting, but as you can see, metrics can come from different regions in the same CloudWatch dashboard, which is quite handy. Okay. And then when you're done with the dashboard, make sure you save your dashboard to have it saved and therefore all the changes you've done are going to be permanent, okay? So let's say for CloudWatch dashboard, just remember multiple accounts, multiple regions, that's very important. And you can show multiple widgets just by clicking on the add widget button, including for your custom metrics, okay? So hope that was helpful. And I will see you in the next lecture.