Welcome back. You are learning Kafka or you are learning any other data engineering technology which interacts with the Kafka. In both cases, you need to have access to a Kafka cluster. Without a Kafka cluster, you cannot learn Kafka or you cannot learn interaction with the Kafka. Right. So in this lecture, I'll help you understand how can you create a free Kafka cluster in the cloud? So let's start. There are many ways you can create a Kafka cluster. You can create Kafka Cluster on your local windows machine. You can create a Kafka cluster locally on your Linux machine or on your Mac machine. All that is possible. Or you can get a Kafka cluster in the cloud environment. So in this lecture, we will learn to get a Kafka cluster in the cloud environment. And we will be using Confluent Cloud for creating a Kafka cluster. So let's go to confluent.io. Open your browser and go to confluent.io. Confluent is a company behind a commercial on the cloud Kafka distribution. Right. And this company is created by the Kafka creators. So initially some people from this company were working at LinkedIn where they conceptualized Kafka, they created Kafka, and then they open sourced it. They given it to the open source Apache Foundation, open source, the entire thing. And then they decided to create a separate company, a separate entity known as Confluent Inc. They all work there. And then they started offering Kafka as a commercial service. Now Confluent Cloud is a on cloud Kafka cluster, and they have reinvented for Kafka, for data streaming and all that. So confluent is the best place for you where you can get a Kafka cluster. They offer a managed service, Kafka cluster, so we'll use free Kafka cluster from confluent. So come to the confluent.io and hit either this or this button. So let's hit this and then you will see they offer a fully managed cloud native service for Apache Kafka, which is Kafka Cluster and new sign ups. You will receive $400 of credit, which you can use within 30 days, right? And no credit card required. So that's a good thing for learners. If you are learning Kafka or you are doing some POC or experimenting, you can get a free Kafka cluster for one month, $400 credit, no credit card required. So no risk and use it for learning or doing a POC or whatever you need. So how to get it? Fill in your details, your full name, your company name, your email ID, your country and set one password for the new account that you have. They will create. If you want, you can opt for this and hit the Start Free button. If you do that, they will send you an email and you can find that email in your mailbox for verification. And they will. The email will have one verification link. Click that verification link. And that's all. You will have access to the Confluent Kafka cloud. And you can create one or more clusters in the confluent cloud. So I've already done that. I've filled this form, click the start Free button and I've got the mail done. The verification. Now I'm ready to use Confluent Cloud. So for using Confluent Cloud you can go to the Confluent Cloud. So confluent.io is the company's website. And Confluent Cloud is the platform where they offer Kafka Cluster. So go to the Confluent Cloud. You can log in login using your email that you used at the time of registration. So I've already done that. So let me go to next. Choose your password. You already set that password at the time of registration. Same password. And they will take you inside the Confluent Cloud platform. Right. So you you got it. So I'm here. You might not see the exact same screen. When you log in for the first time, they might ask you some questions to understand your profile, your purpose for registering for free, cluster, blah blah blah and all that. Once you pass all that, you should come to this page, right? So you will see at the top you will see that you are using free trial $400 credits. Close it for making a little more space. Close this. Also get started and tutorial and all that. I want you to come to the home page which should look like this. Wherever you land, after registering for the Confluent Cloud for the first time, once you are at the home page, you will see a option to create a cluster. Here it is. Add a cluster. Right you can. Create a cluster from here. For our learning purpose, we need only one cluster and that too we need a small cluster. But basically in the confluent cloud it's a little hierarchical. So first you create an environment and then in your environment you can create cluster. The idea of environment is like you can have dev environment. You can have environment. You can have production environment. Right. So if you come to environments here you will always see a default environment created. If you want you can use the default environment or you can create a new environment. So let's create a new environment and call it my dev environment. Create it just a name space. And inside your dev environment they ask whether you want to enable stream governance and all that. Uh, I'll do it later. That's fine. And then you can create a cluster from here or you can come back to home and go to environments, go to dev environment and come back here. Right. So let's create our first Kafka cluster. Click the create cluster. You have basic standard, enterprise and dedicated options. You can use basic. It's free basic configurations. You can send up to 250 MB per second to the Kafka cluster. That's your ingress egress, 750 MB per second as a consumer, right? 500 GB of free data. 1000 concurrent connections and 4096 partitions. That's ten partitions are free. Rest are charged and 99.5% uptime. So basic is good enough for POCs or for doing your learning activity and all that, right? Standard gives you some more bigger limits. 99.99% availability. Enterprise and dedicated are like more advanced one. You can even use a standard because you have one $400 credit. So don't look at the price you can use. But let me go with the basic configuration. Choose the basic configuration and you can create your Kafka cluster. In any of these three popular cloud environments you can create in AWS, just choose AWS, Create in Google Cloud, create in Microsoft Azure wherever you want. Choose Google Cloud, choose one region. So let's go with the default region. Las Vegas, US West four availability zone, single zone. We don't want to have a fault tolerance and failover and all that. So single zone is good enough for doing that. Click create. They're asking about card or bank details and blah blah blah. You can skip payment. That's fine. We are just testing or leveraging the free credits for learning. Right. And you can get some details here. What is your configuration and what is your cost? What are your usage limits for this cluster? What is your uptime SLA and all that? We leave it as it is. The only thing that we want to change is the name of the cluster. Let's give a name to your cluster. Learning cluster. Whatever you feel, right? So give a name to your cluster. That's all. Hit the launch cluster button, and maybe in less than a minute, your cluster should be ready. They're asking cluster. Learning cluster. Created. Done right. What you want to do next. So they give you some options here. Build an event driven application using these technologies. Integrate directly with your source using these and blah blah blah. So we don't want to do any of these as of now. Keep exploring on my own. That's all. So you are in your cluster home page, right? If you want to go back, go back here. You can come back to your cluster home page again. Go to your environment, go to dev and you will see a learning cluster here. So go to your cluster home page. And that's all this is. Your cluster is ready. But for doing anything for sending data to your cluster or receiving data from the cluster, you need to create topic right. Without topic, you cannot send data to Kafka because whatever data you are sending to Kafka must go to a topic. So you can come to this link here topics and create a topic. So give a topic name. So let's call it. Invoices. That's the first topic I want to create. Enable infinite retention for this topic. So Kafka comes with a default retention period. So data received by Kafka cluster is not supposed to be kept with the Kafka cluster forever. Right? The idea is to use Kafka Cluster as a data collection or data integration tool. So we collect data from producers, bring it to Kafka cluster, save it there for some time, and then our consumer applications will take it forward. They will do all the processing they want to do, and they will also save it wherever they want to save it for future purpose. So if we are building a Lakehouse solution, we will be collecting data from Kafka Cluster and building our raw data layer or our bronze layer, where we will persist our data. Right? So once we consume data, there is no use of keeping data in the Kafka cluster and keep on increasing the storage and cost. Right. So you can configure your Kafka cluster to remove data after certain period, maybe seven days. So keep data there for seven days, assuming that whatever consumers we have, they will consume it within seven days. They are done with the work. And after that we don't have any value. So Kafka will automatically purge data which is older than seven days. Right. So that's how this setting comes here. Enable infinite retention for this topic means your Kafka cluster will never delete that data. Whatever data you are collecting, you will never delete it. You will keep it there. But we don't want to do that. Right? And then since Kafka topic is partitioned you can create some number of partitions. So default comes as six let's say four partitions. So let's create four partitions. That should be enough. In fact you can have only one single partition or you can have more partitions. So let's go with four right. You must specify how many partitions do you want. Without the partition you cannot create a topic because Kafka is a distributed system and partition topic must be partitioned. So rest all you can create with defaults or you can show advanced settings. So let's go and create with defaults. Rest. All defaults are good enough. And that's all your topic invoices is created right. So we have a Kafka cluster now. And we also have one topic there. And we are ready to start working with the Kafka cluster and topic. Right. So I'll leave it here. And in the next lecture we will try to create some producers consumers and learn how to interact with the Kafka Broker or Kafka cluster, how to send data to Kafka topic, or how to receive data from Kafka topic. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.