So if you google installing the AWS Encryption CLI then we see how we can install it and we have to use Python and we can check the Python version, it gives you the instructions for Windows as well and we'll use pip, so it's just pip, install AWS encryption as the case CLI. So let me go ahead and run this command and this is just for us to see how encryption works, this is definitely not needed for the exam to know how to execute this command, this is just for the people who are curious and want to see data key encryption in action. Now we have the AWS Encryption CLI installed, so if I do minus, minus version I get the encryption CLI to be 1.37, 1.3.7 and 1.1.5 for the CLI itself. Okay so we're ready to use the encryption, now if we do examples we can go straight to understanding how to encrypt a file and so we'll have to export a C-M-K-A-R-N so we have to figure out the key and then we'll have to run the encrypt command and then we'll have to run decrypt command afterwards. So as far as the key we'll use, we'll use the tutorial key from before, except this time we need the full ARN of our key, we cannot just use the alias. I'll just say key equals and I'll just paste this, now my key has been exported and now I'm able to run this command. We first have to generate a hello text dot file so I'll just say, VI hello dot text and I'll say something super secret that's over one megabyte. Basically imagine this file is over one megabyte and yeah, that'll be enough okay but this is just a text file and it could be as big as you want. Here it contains some very super secret data, okay? And what we want to do is encrypt this, so for this we'll run this entire command right here and you have the power shell equivalent if you need it right here and so I'll copy it and paste it and so here the only thing I have to change because I didn't name exactly just like them, I'll name this key so key equals dollar key and that should be it. So we're encrypting the data and the input to the encryption is going to be hello dot text and the master key we're going to use is going to be this ARN coming straight out of Amazon and we're going to update up with the metadata, if you want to explore the metadata, I'll probably just use the metadata folder right here. Encryption context is optional and to be honest I will remove it right now cause we don't need to use it for now and now we'll use the output and the output is the encrypted file where we'll go. Press Enter and it say metadata output's file cannot be in the output's directory so how about I make a directory called output and I'll use the output directory to do this. Okay so we're done. So now the file has been encrypted so if we look at the results we have hello text, that's our file that before encryption. We have metadata, which is the metadata that happened and we have output which is the output encrypted file. So let's look at the metadata first. The metadata contains adjacent documents and so I'll just have it into JQ to print it a little bit clearer. This Jason document has a header and so it tells us the algorithm that was used to encrypt the data. It tells us what data key was used, the key provider, the encryption context of all these things that described before are gonna be in this metadata. This is just something you can use if you wanted to have a summary of what happened but this metadata file is definitely not needed, so what I can do is remove this metadata file and so the important thing is that if we go to the output directory we get a hello dot text dot encrypted file and so if I do cat output, there's an encrypted we see a lot of gibberish, it's because our file was being encrypted. The important thing though is we can see is that our file was being encrypted using this KMS key and the generated data key, so it allows the Encryption SDK to decrypt that file in the future. Let's play with the decryption now and for the decryption we'll just need to run this one command right here, so let me just run it and adapt it because I did a few changes. So now we want to run decrypt function and the input is going to be in the output directory of me which is hello dot text dot encrypted. The encryption context was not used so I'll just remove this for simplicity sake. The metadata output is again if we wanted to output the metadata so I'll just have it right here and the output is going to be decrypted folder. Okay? So here we're decrypting the encrypted data and let's press Enter. We need to create the decrypted directory, let's run this again, and now it worked so now if we do LL, we see it created a decrypted directory. If we look into that decrypted directory we have the hello dot text dot encrypted dot decrypted so it's been decrypted in the end. Let's cat the content to make sure it was decrypted correctly and we get back our super secret that was over one megabyte. So this is really interesting because using this encryption CLI, two commands, okay I just had to get them right. Using the encrypt command and the decrypt command we're able to encrypt a large file and decrypt a large file and this involves KMS directly. That's it for this end zone I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.