So, one short lecture on the CloudWatch Logs encryption. So, you can encrypt your CloudWatch Logs with KMS keys. And the encryption happens at the log group level. So, not with log streams but the log group level. And that you can either associate a CMK with an existing log group, or you can create a new log group with a CMK. But you cannot associate a CMK with a log group using the CloudWatch console; you have to use the CloudWatch Logs API for the CLI and the SDK, so we'll be using the CLI in this lecture. And we have two comments to note. The first one is called associate KMS key. To associate a KMS key with an existing log group or create-log-group to create a log group that doesn't exist yet and directly associate it with a KMS key. So, let's go into the hands on to see how that works. So, here I am in CloudWatch Logs. And I'm going to go to my log groups and I have 23 of them right now. And, so, if we take any of those, for example, the aws/lambda/hello-world log group, we can see that there is no KMS key ID associated with that log group yet. And we can not do any of that through the UI, so the UI does not allow us to associate a KMS key ID with this log group. So, what we want to do is to take this key that we've encrypted from before, the tutorial key, and associate it with this log group. For this we have to use the CLI. So let's go ahead and play it out. So, I'm going to go into my CloudWatch Logs code directory and open this command. And, so, this first command is to associate a KMS key with an existing log group. So, there is simply, I copy this command, and I paste it here, and this takes my KMS key. I paste in the log group name as an argument, as well as my KMS key ID. And finally, I paste in the region. I press enter, and I'm getting an access denied exception saying that this associate KNM key operation did not work. Either the key does not exist, but I know it exists for sure, or it's not allowed to be used with this log group, and this is the second options that's right. So, indeed, the key has not been authorized to be used with this log group. So, we need to apply a certain key policy. So, if we go here, there is a key policy that Jason filed. And we need to apply it to my specific key. So, I'm gonna get the second part here, that's what's interesting. So, I'm gonna get the second part and the comma, and I'm gonna go into my KMS key consul, and in here I have a key policy. I'm going to switch to policy view and I'm going to edit this key policy. So, this key policy right now is the default key policy which allows any user or role within my account to use my KMS key, but doesn't allow any service. So, we need to allow the service of CloudWatch Logs to access this key. So, I'm going to paste this here, and so there's a comma that has been added in this statement. And, so, here we allow logs dot, and we need to paste in the region, so EU-west-2. So, logs.EU-west-2.amamazonaws.com is allowed to do encrypt, decrypt, re-encrypt, generate data key, and describe on this key. So, I'll save these changes. And, now I have applied a key policy which should allow more things to access including CloudWatch Log. So, we should try again our command, and, hopefully, this time it will work. So, I will run this command again, and this time it has worked. So, we get the end and it is applied. So, how do I know this? Well, we could refresh this UI and now we can see that out KNS key ID, right here, is associated with out CloudWatch Logs, and so that mean that this log group is going to be fully encrypted with this KMS key ID. And I could try the second command, which is to create a new log group with this example I called, example encrypted, directly passing in the KMS key ID. So, I paste this in and press enter, and it says end. So, if I go back to my log groups and then refresh, I can find at the very bottom my example encrypted log group. And this one is also associated with out KMS key ID. So, this is the two ways to create an associate KMS key ID with the log groups in CloudWatch Log. So, it cannot be done through the consul. And I really like the fact that we had to modify a key policy to allow CloudWatch Logs to access out KMS key, which I think is a tremendous example in security. So, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.