Welcome back. We're going to learn some harder concepts from here onwards. I'll try to make it as easy as possible, but please do come back and watch this video more than once if you need to. The terminologies used here might be different in your organizations, but the concepts will pretty much be the same. So far in our design, we took all the data that we received in the raw container, processed all of the data and replaced everything in our processed and the presentation containers every time. This is a simple architecture and works well when you have small amount of data and this is generally called a Full Load. It won't be suitable for large data pipelines, mainly due to the amount of processing will have to perform in order to process all of the data every time. Those pipelines are generally designed to load and process only the data that has changed between the current run and the previous run. And this is generally called the Incremental Load. Generally, these two types of loads are dictated by how much data we've received from the source system, whether it is all of the data or whether it's only the changes. For example, if we receive all of the data every time, it is a good candidate for a full load. But if we instead receive only the data that's changed since the last load, then that is a candidate for an incremental load. But this is just a guidance. There are techniques that we can apply to create a full load from an incremental dataset and vice versa. But these things make the processing more complex and we won't go into these in these lessons. Let's start understanding the full dataset. In this scenario, the source system provides all of the data since day one for every load. Let's take our Formula 1 project as an example to understand it better. On day 1 will receive the data for Race 1. On Day 2 will not only receive the data related to Race 2, will also receive the data from Day 1, which is the Race 1 data. Similarly, on Day 3 will receive data related to races 1, 2 as well as three, and on Day 4 will receive data related to 1, 2, 3 and 4. So it goes on like this. So your data grows as the day moves on and it becomes bigger and bigger. Let's now look at the processing that we need in order to process a full dataset. The architecture you're seeing here will be familiar to you because this is what we just implemented for our Formula 1 project. On Day 1, the data includes only Race 1 information, ingestion process just creates the data in the Data Lake under the process container. And similarly, the transformation creates that data in the Data Lake under the presentation layer. Those two containers had no data before we started this process, and they'll now have the Race 1 data. On Day 2, the incoming data includes a Races 1 and 2 information. If the ingestion process adds this data to the Data Lake, there will be duplicates. So it does an override that makes the existing data from the previous runs deleted and the new data is added to the Data Lake. The transformation process does exactly the same thing. It deletes the Race 1 data which is already there, and then it adds the new data we received, which is for Race 1 and 2. On Day 3, the same thing happens, the incoming data includes Races 1, 2 and 3. Ingestion process deletes the existing data, which is from Races 1 and 2 from the Data Lake and add the new data as received. The transformation process does exactly the same thing, and it goes on. As you can see, the problem here is that we are processing the data from all races on every run, even though one little data from the recent day or recent race has changed. This adds a significant amount of processing required for the ingestion, as well as the transformation phases. Thus potentially adding latency to the data being consumed and also more processing power to be required and resulting potentially in higher cost for your application as well. Having said that, it gives the simplest design possible in which we can just overwrite the data without worrying about losing anything. Now that we understand the full data set and the full refresh or the full load patterns. Let's have a look at the incremental data set. As we said before, incremental data set will only contain the changes since the previous data set we have received. Again, let's take our Formula 1 data set as an example to understand it better. Similar to the full data set we will get the Race 1 data on Day 1. On Day 2, unlike the full data set will only get the Race 2 data. Day 3 will include the Race 3 data and Day 4 will include the Race 4 data, etc.. Now let's take a look at how an incremental load would work. On Day 1, there are no changes between a full load and an incremental load. Both the processed and the presentation containers are empty to start with, so Day 1 data will be returned to those. Day 2 is going to be vastly different. On Day 2 will only receive the data from Race 2, as we said before, so the ingestion process will append the Race 2 data to the Data Lake. The transformation process will now need to identify the changes from the ingested data and process only that. And this will result in the Data Lake for the presentation layer to be added with the Race 2 data alone. You might be thinking this is just an easy thing to do, because as we move forward with the days we just have to add the additional data to the Data Lake as we go along. But this is not as simple as that, because we will have to consider rerun scenarios where we will have to replace just the data we need to replace rather than just overwriting the entire Data Lake with the new data being received and also in real world scenarios, you will have data missing on the first day, which might end up coming on Day 2 for example. So we'll have a lot of other scenarios to deal with. So incremental loads are generally complex to implement. So we need to design a clever system that only removes the required data from the Data Lakes and replaces that in cases like rerun scenarios. Day 3 follows a similar pattern to Day 2. It just appends the data from Race 3 to the Data Lake on both the processed and the presentation containers. So that is the main two design patterns which are full load and an incremental load. Apart from these two straightforward scenarios that we discussed, there are a range of hybrid scenarios implemented in real world projects. This could be due to the nature of data being received and it is very complex or the type and the granularity of the transformations that are being done. So let's look at some of these scenarios. We can receive a full dataset but still choose to process them incrementally. That could be because we want to get some performance gains out of our transformation and the ingestion layers. This would require another process up front to identify the changes. If you take Formula 1 as an example again, Day 1 we receive Race 1 data, Day 2 we receive Race 1 and 2 data. Then we come to process Day 2 data, we can introduce that new process we are talking about upfront to exclude all the data related to Day 1, i.e. Race 1 data and we'll only take the Race 2 data. So we'll end up with only Race 2 data, and we can incrementally process that and improve the performance of the transformation phase. We can receive an incremental data set but process that in full. So this is slightly opposite to the number one we discussed. Again, we just need a process upfront to combine the data from the two days to create a full dataset and then process that. In some cases we could receive some files within a data set as full and some as incremental. And our process will have to deal with those. So when we come to do our Formula 1 data set, you will see the scenario. In some cases we might receive incremental data and ingested them incrementally, but transformations are done in full. This may happen because immaterial of the data being received incrementally, our transformation logic may require all of the data. For example, in our Formula 1, we may have to aggregate the data across all of the races to find out dominant drivers and dominant teams and things like that. With the two primary design patterns of incremental load and the full load as well as these hybrid scenarios, I hope you now have an understanding about all of the data processing and data loading scenarios. So that's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson, we'll look at a scenario for our project and what we are going to do. So I'll see you in the next lesson.