In this lesson, we are going to look at a scenario for our project. I'm going to set it up such a way that you get experience on most of the scenarios we talked about in the last lesson. This will be slightly complicated, but this is quite a common scenario in the real world. Moreover, you've already dealt with a simple full load scenario. So let's take a look at a hybrid scenario to strengthen your understanding about real world scenarios. As you know, the Formula 1 race happens on a Sunday. Also, it doesn't happen on every Sunday. There are usually only 20 to 24 weeks in a year in which the race happens and the other weeks there are no races. So let's assume that on our Day 1, which is one of our Sundays, will receive the first file. This file will contain data for not only the data from race 1, it will contain data for all prior races. Let's assume that it contains data for races from Race 1 to 1047. This is what you have seen previously. This file gives us all races from 1950 to the end of 2020. This may look like we are again dealing with full load, but that's not the case. Day 2 will contain the data from only the next race. That is the first race in 2021. Please don't be confused with the race number of 1052 here rather than 1048, which you would expect. The race is from 1048 to 51, got cancelled due to COVID and there is no data for those. That's why we moved from 1047 straight to 1052. On Day 3, which is one of the following Sunday's will receive data for the next race, which is 1053 Race ID. As you can see, we are dealing with incremental load scenario here, not a full load scenario, but Day 1 contains all the historic races and the future days will only have the races since Day 1. As you can see here, we are dealing with incremental load scenario rather than a full load scenario. The one exception here is that day one contains all historic data rather than just the race from a particular day. The day one file here is commonly known in the industry as the cutover file or the history file, and the subsequent files are sometimes referred as Delta files, just to indicate they are the delta between the previous and the current. Let's now look at how to implement a solution for this. One solution is to develop two sets of files, one to develop a full refresh for the cut over file or the Day 1 file, and then create incremental loads for Day 2 and Day 3. This has been done in the past for many projects in the industry, but this is not the best approach I would advise. As this will require two lots of code testing, implementation and quite a lot of cost involved in terms of maintaining two pieces of code. A better solution is to implement an incremental load for all of these files, including the Day 1 file, because in theory these are all incremental data, just that the first day's data has more than one day's race within that one. The one only thing to be careful of is we will have an incremental load pattern being implemented for this one. But our incremental load code would be clever enough to understand that one of the days may have more than one race worth of data. This is a solution we are going to implement for our project, and I hope this will give you good experience on how to implement a complex design pattern. On top of these design patterns, we are also going to have different scenarios for our data sets. Just to give you a bit more experience in that respect as well. Again, this is very common in the industry. As you can see, there is some data that is not directly related to the race. For example, things like circuits, constructors and drivers are not tied to just one race. Also, the race data is decided upfront at the beginning of the year rather than at each race weekend. Also, these files are very small, so we'll get an up to date full file for each one of these every week. So we're not going to have incremental data for these files. We'll have full files every week. We can just replace that data in our Data Lake with them, whereas the other files such as results, pitstops, lap times and qualifying are going to have new data every week from the race. They're not going to have any historic data and they are bigger files, we will receive and process just the incremental data from the weekend for these files. This makes our process much more performant. So that's our data scenario. It is slightly complex, but this is a common scenario in the real world. For example, if you're working with a credit card company, you may have a file called Customer, another file called Merchant, but you will have a transaction file for the credit card transactions. But when you receive that data into your Data Lake, you might get a full file for our customer and the merchant because they are just dimensions. And you may get an incremental data for the credit card transactions because there might be billions of credit card transactions in a day. So you wouldn't want to get every transaction from day one or coming to you every day. So you would want to have the data from what's changed as supposed to everything. But whereas it doesn't match so much on things like customers and merchants, so having our file split out in this way, I also think gives you a good experience in terms of developing a solution like this. So let's now look at the solution that we are going to implement. This is our current solution. We received any new data into our raw container. We ingest that data into our Data Lake process container by overwriting what's already there. We then transform that data and overwrite what's already there in the presentation container and the new data is now in every container within the Data Lake. In the new solution, we will receive the data into subfolders within our Data Lake container raw, so they won't come directly into the raw container. There will be subfolders for each of the race dates. Ingestion process will be cleverer. It will be fed with the race date as the parameter. It gets the list of race IDs from a particular subfolder in raw using the race date supplied. Data for those race IDs are then removed from the process container in our Data Lake and new data is then loaded. Keeping the subfolder name as race date gives us the ability to process data just from that race. Identifying the unique race IDs within the file gives us the ability to deal with the cutover file more effectively because that will have more race IDs as well. The transformation process does a very similar process. It identifies the race IDs to be processed, gets the data from our process container, does the transformation and updates our Data Lake presentation layer. Hope that gives you an idea of what we're going to try and achieve in our solution. I know it's slightly complicated if you're new to creating data pipelines. I try to make it as simple as possible, but if you haven't understood some of this, please don't worry. It'll be clear to you, once we've developed the solution, you can then come back and watch this video again. Thank you. And we'll get started with developing the solution in the next lesson.