The first thing we want to do is to set up our environment ready for doing our incremental load. So because of the way we are going to design our pipelines, we are going to have additional columns in our tables in processed and presentation. So I'm going to drop the tables first. In order to do that, I've used the drop database with Cascade. So what that does is actually it will drop all the tables under this database and then the database itself, and then we'll put back the database. So this is the database create statements we've used previously. So I've done that for both processed and presentation. So let's run that one first. Okay, so that's now completed. I just want to mention that I put the script under a folder called Utils. So in any project I normally tend to keep a utils folder, where I'll have things like clean up scripts and things like that so you can follow the same or it's up to you. But that's what I have done actually, I've created a new notebook here which is SQL notebook under Utils, and then I've kept this notebook here, so if I want to run it for anything else, I can just come along and run it. The next thing we want to do is we want to tidy up our storage account as well. So let's have a look at that. So I'm in Storage Explorer. So the presentation should now be empty because, as you know, they are all managed tables. So when we drop the tables, the data here gets deleted as well and the processed should be empty as well. The raw would have data in here. What I want to do is to delete all of this data because we're not going to have any data directly in the raw container. We are going to have race, date, folders as we said. So I'm going to delete this data first. So there is no data in this container anymore. But we want to bring in new data. So the new data would be in separate folders. So each of them will relate to a race date. So the first race happened on the 28th of March, and the second one in this year happened on the 18th of April. And the cutover itself will put it a week before the first race, which will be 21st of March. So I have already extracted the data here. I'll make all of this data available in the course material. So as you can see, this is going to have the cutover data. So if we open it up, we got a big file here. So Pitstops, for example is 1.4 meg and the 28th of March is the first race. And as you can see, they are tiny files. And 18th of April is the second race and that's tiny files as well because they've just got data for one race and the 21st March has got data for all races from 1950 to 2020. So let's get all of this data into here. So I'm going to just drag and drop into the raw container. And the date is now being transferred. So let's wait for that to complete. And now we've got the three folders in the raw containers. So that's all the setup we needed to do. In the next lesson, we'll start coding.