Okay. In this lesson, we are going to look at the four files being highlighted here, which are circuits, races, constructors and drivers. And we're going to look at the ingestion of these four files. And as we discussed before, these four files are going to contain all of the data. So for example, the data received for 2021 would not only have the drivers who are racing in 2021, it would have all drivers who raced from 1950 onwards to today. So they are going to be dealt with with the full load scenario, which is a overwrite of the existing data, and then put the new data on Data lake. That's what we would do. Now that we know it's a full load scenario, you might be wondering whether we still need any changes to our ingestion notebooks. Yes, we do need changes to our ingestion notebook, because even though it's going to be a overwrite now, the data is not in the raw container, they are in subfolders within the raw container with the race date. So we need to make those changes so that the right data is being picked up when the notebook runs. So let's start with making those changes. Now let me navigate to the ingestion for the circuits file, which is under ingestion folder and its ingest circuits file. As we said before, we need a new parameter for this notebook and that is the file date. So when I say file date, that relates to the date we have here, which is the 21st of March, 28th of March and the 18th of April, and it goes on. I'm not calling this as a race date, even though it relates to race dates here. The cutover file won't be right if we call it a race date because it contains data related to multiple races. So let's call this one as file date. It is a folder date here, but we are dealing with separate files when we're talking about ingestion here. So I'm going to call that as a file date. So let me copy this and I'm going to create this new parameter and that's going to be called p_ file date, and we're going to replace the string here as well as the variable name is going to be different as well. And I'm going to give it a default value to start with. But anything you send in would overwrite that. So if I just run that so that's the file date here, but in the future you can change it. So we might be calling it from Azure Data Factory and passing in a different value when we come to run it. But that's for a later lesson. So if I print v file date, that's going to contain 21st of March 2021. So that's the one we're going to use. And the first place we want to use that is in the folder path here. So now the folder path doesn't go just up to the raw folder path. It's going to be that folder here, which is the file date. So let's put that in here and that will be v_file date because that's the variable we've used here. One more thing I would like to do is to add that file date to our data as well actually, so it might become handy later on, so when you want to debug actually what's happened with your data, you will know which file really to trace the source data back to. I'm going to add it here. We're adding the data source here. So in the similar way we can just add the file date as well. So we'll do the width column and then I'm going to call this new field as file date. And that came from v_ file date. If we scroll down, what we're doing here is overwriting the data in parquet files and we are creating the new table called f1_processed, and it's going to have a circuits data. There are no changes to that one. And we leave the displays for now so that we can look at the data once it's processed. So let's do a Run all. Okay. So that's been successfully executed. As you can see, all the data is as we expected. So what's happened is we've taken the file from the folder for the file date being supplied and then loaded that into our circuits table. So I'm going to make the same change to the other three files, which are races, constructors and drivers. Ok, I have done the change to all the other three files as well. And this is the driver file, and as you can see, it's got the file date as 21st of March 2021. There is no data source because I haven't sent a data source, but when you send it, it'll come through. So that's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson, we are going to look at the other four files. I'll see you then.