Now that we've implemented a solution for a full load scenario, we're going to look at the incremental load scenario. So they are the Results, Pitstops, LapTimes and Qualifying files which contain only the data related to that race in the file being received for that week. So we wouldn't be able to overwrite the data, which is already in the Data Lake. By doing that, we lose all of the data and we'll just put today's data, which is current races data. We wouldn't want to do that. We want to append the data to the Data Lake and in case of failures and we rerun a file, we would want to replace only that files data rather than the entire Data Lake. So that's the kind of solution we're going to look here. There are a few solutions we can implement. I'm going to take you through a couple which are widely used in the industry, and then if you need to explore further, that will set you up to have the knowledge and go and explore further as well. So let's get started. Before we start writing the code, I want to just quickly talk you through the data and then we can analyse the data in the notebook and then we can start making the changes for us. So as we know in the raw container, we've got now the date folders, which are the 21st of March, 28th of March and 18th of April. So we got the cutover file here and the results file, that's the one we are interested in is the 6.8 meg file. It is quite big compared to the others and we got the 28th file, which has got only one races data, which is small file as you can see, 5.7 kilobytes and the other one will be similar 5.7 kilobytes for the next race as well. So because the cutover file is quite a big, most of the work when I take you through we will work with these two files. So we load the 28 March and then we load these 18th of April file and we'll do some reruns as well. So we'll understand all the concepts and then we'll come back and implement the entire solution for the cutover as well as the two delta files here. So let's go to the Notebook first. So let's look at the data we are talking about. I'm in the ingest results file. I'm going to just write a few queries here just to show you the data in those files, but we'll delete those cells once we've done their work. So let me quickly read the file and show you what the data is in those files. So what I have done here is I'm reading the cutover file from the 21st of March 2021 results, and I've just created a view over this. I have created the view just so we can query the view just to see what's in the file. So let me just quickly do a select to find out the race Ids in this file. So that will be SELECT, and then I'm going to do a race Id and a count from the file, and then I'll group by race Id and order by race Id. So as you can see, we've got data from race 1 onwards to race 1047. So that's the cutover file. Let me quickly show you the other two files as well. So the other one is on the 28th. So I'm going to call this one as results_w1. So w1 for week 1 and then I'm going to just take the same SQL and run that for week 1 as well. And we should only see one race ID here, which is the 1052 I think, yeah, 1052 has got 20 records and if I did week 2 in here, so that would be the April 18th rather than the 28th March and then I'm going to do a week 2, so that should be the 1053, 20 records as well. So as I said before, what we're going to do is we're going to ignore the cutover file for now because it will take a long time to process because we are going to be achieving our solution using the partitioning technique. So our data is going to be partitioned by over 1000 partitions because that's going to be based on the race Id and we've only got a single node cluster. So even though the date is going to be partitioned, we're not going to be able to make the make use of all the partitions. So it only adds to the overhead and it'll be slower. So instead of sitting there waiting for that to finish, I'm going to show you the solution based on the other two files to show how to do an incremental load and then we will implement the solution with the cutover file to test the entire solution in. So first, let's make the changes to use the file date, similar to what we did for the full load files. We need to have the file date. So instead of 21st, I'm going to go for the 28th here to start with, and then as you know, we need to use this in our reads so that we are reading the right file. So instead of the raw folder path and then JSON, we are going to use the file date as well in between. So that will find the data within that file date. And also similar to the other ones, let's add the file date to the data as well, actually, so that is going to go into the data frame and return as well. So that will be the file date and we're going to use the v_file date that we got above. So that's all the changes we did to the other files we've done to this as well. But the difference here, as you know, is this is an incremental load rather than a full load. So we can't overwrite the table. So by doing this, we are going to overwrite the table, results with a new data every time. So as we saw, 1052 was the race Id for the first day and then 1053 is the second day's data. So when we put the race Id 1052 first and then when you overwrite with 1053, we're going to lose 1052 and there will be only 1053. So that needs to be changed to append. So we would think that would normally work. So let's run this. So that's going to run for the 28th March. I'm going to do a Run all. So I missed the slash here. So I'm going to just put that back in and then run it all again. So that should now go through. So that's succeeded here. And I'm going to query this table and show you what data is in there. So as you can see, there are 20 records and they related to the race Id 1052. So that's the last column there. So I'm going to just do a count on race Id here. So that's the 1052 race Id with 20 records in there. That's what we expected. So now we need the next race to be loaded. So we know that is on the 18th of April. So I put the 18th of April. So when you work on this one, make sure you tab out of this. So when you tab out, it'll execute and it will store that value and then click on Run All and it should take the value from the file date here and then use that for a processing. So let's execute this command. It didn't run. It didn't run automatically. That's because I've got a exit here. So I just came and run this one. And as you can see, we got the 1052 race has got 20 records and 1053 has got 20 records. So that's fine. On a normal run, it would work okay, so every time when we run it for a week, it's going to just put that data and it just keeps incrementally adding the data. But that's not how normally data projects are. You may have a problem and you would want to run your jobs or notebooks. So when you come to run the Notebook, what's going to happen, we need to deal with those scenarios as well. So let's rerun this one. Let's say actually on the 18th of April, we've had an issue with our load, so we want to rerun all of our jobs. And this notebook would run as part of that as well. So I'm going to just click on Run All. And let me rerun our select. And as you can see, we got 40 records for 1053. So what's actually happened is we've added 20 more records for 1053, which are just duplicates. You don't want that. So we want to be able to delete the data which is already there, if we are processing that race Id in this load and we only load the data afterwards, so that means we would not have duplicates. If you've come from a relational database background like Oracle or SQL Server, you would just simply say, I want to delete the data, so just do a delete statement on the table and then you would reload the data or you would say, I want to run a update statement, if it's already there, I'll do an update. Or a merge statement, if it's already there, you do an update, otherwise you'll insert the data. Unfortunately, the Data Lake Architecture in Spark doesn't give you that ability, but we will talk about Delta Lake, which is another open source project which is available within Databricks for you that gives you more capability, but we're not talking about that now. So let's try and solve it with the standard Spark capabilities you've got for the Data Lake. If I come over to the SQL syntax, let me show you what the data manipulation statements you've got are. As we said before, you don't have the concept of deletes or updates or merges here, so all you got is insert and load. So we need to solve it in a different way. As we know, our tables are partitioned by race Id and what we're saying is a weekly file coming through would have data related to that race and it's going to have the entirety of the data. So there are 20 results record for that race and all 20 would be in that file. So what we can do is we can drop the partition. So that means we can delete all of the data for that race Id and then we can put the new data back in. So that's what we're going to do. But there are two ways of achieving this one, we're going to go with the first method first and then we'll do the next one. So if I come over to Data Definition Language, there is ALTER table statement which lets you drop a partition. Unfortunately, these are only in SQL syntax, not on the PySpark syntax. So we'll have to just use the spark.SQL to implement that one. So as you can see here, this is Alter table Add partition. Similarly, you've got Drop partition, so you can do Alter table and then drop the partition if that exists. Let's switch over to the notebook and then look at doing that one. So we want to drop the partition, but at this point in time, without looking at the DataFrame, we won't know which partitions to drop. So from the data frame, we can use the select method to get just the race Ids, because we're only interested in the race Ids. And then you can use the distinct method to get the distinct records from this one. So this would give you the distinct race Ids, but we need to loop through this one. So we want to convert this into a list so you can use a collect method and that will give you a list. So this list is a list of rows, rows are the DataFrame rows and columns we talked about previously. We need to look through this one, but before we carry on, be careful about using collect, because what collect does is collect takes all the data and put it into the driver node's memory. So we need to make sure that we're only collecting small amount of data. So things like this are typical examples. We've done a distinct we got only race Id, so we're going to have thousand or 2000 records. We're not going to go millions of records to collect into our driver node. So never do a collect on a normal DataFrame. Make sure you've already done the aggregations. You've got very little data which you want to collect. That's okay. So what I'm going to do is because it's a list, I'm going to loop through the list and then we'll do the Alter table to drop the partition. So I'm going to put it in a loop and I'm going to call, I'm going to put this into race Id list. Let me just do a print and show you actually what race Ids are in this. So as you can see, we got the 1053 as the race Id. In this case, we've got only one. But in the cutover file, we would have thousands of race Ids. That's why we're putting in a for loop and going to implement the solution that way. As I said, we need to use the Spark.SQL method to use the Alter table statement. So Alter table statement goes like this Alter, so now we need to drop the partition. So drop we on a normal run, we're not going to have that partition. So we don't want to fail for that one. So we want to only drop it if it exists and we want to specify that we're dropping a partition and we want to give the partition details here. So the partition specification goes like this. In our case, the partition is race Id and we need to give the race Id here. So that is in the race Id list. race Id, so I'm going to just put that in here because we're using a variable here, we need to make it as f string as well. So this for loop here is going to go through the list and alter the table to drop the partitions first, and then we're going to write all of that data into our table. So let's try and execute that now. As we saw previously for 1053, we got 40 records, but once we've run it through, we should only see 20 because that 40 should be deleted because we're going to drop that partition and then we should put the 20 records back in. So let's run that and see whether that works. So let's run the SQL here. And as you can see, we've only got 20 records so we can run it as many times as we want. The solution is clever enough just to go through and drop the partitions before it loads the data, which is very good. But there is one more thing. So we got the Alter table statement here, but that would fail if the table doesn't exist. It will only execute if the table exists. So for the first run itself, the table is not going to be there. So we need to protect against that. So in order to do that, you can use the Spark catalog function to find out whether the table exists. You can use this function spark.jsparkSession catalog, and then you've got the method called table exist and you give the table name and that will only execute the Alter table, ff the table exists. So we're protected against that as well. So let's run this again just to make sure that we've dealt with all the scenarios and it works okay, So let me execute that statement again. And as you can see, we've only got the 20 records still and it's dropped the partition and recreated that as well. So now that we've got the solution, let's drop the table and run the cutover file first and then the two incremental loads, like it would in a production scenario and make sure that our solution works end to end. Okay, the table's dropped. I'm going to load the cutover file. And that is the 21st of March. As I said, tab out of here so that this cell gets executed and the p file date is stored as 21st of March 2021. If you're ever in doubt, the best thing to do is to check the value of the variable. So let's come over to here. I'll show you how to do that so you can just execute this cell. And that's going to set the variable here. So let's just try and print the variable and make sure we got the right value. So as you can see, that's the 21st of March. So that cell got executed and we got the values here. So let me delete this one. I'll also tidy up everything we did previously, so we don't need any of these statements. So I'm going to just delete these cells. Okay, so let's do a Run All. It's going to take a while because we got a lot of data in our cutover file, but we'll come back to it. So that's finished. As you can see, it took 3 minutes to write the data to our file system. So let me run this select statement. As you can see, thousands of race Ids are listed there. Let's do the Order by to find out the most recent race Id. So we should see 1047, I think, as the latest race idea on the top. And that's brilliant. So we've got the race Id 1047 on the top. So let me now run the other two file. So that is for the 28th. I'll start with that first. And let me run the 18th of April as well. And let me look at the select again just to see what the data is in the table. So that should see 1053 and 1052 on the top as well. Okay. So as you can see, we got the 1053 and 1052 with 20 records and 1047 with 20 as well. You can rerun any of these just to see whether everything works okay. But one thing you may notice is if you try to rerun the cutover file again, it'll work eventually, but it will take a long time. So it will take about 15 minutes to delete all the partitions and reload the data. Because we're going through each of the partitions in a for loop and then dropping them, it takes a while to do that. So as I said, this is one solution. In the next lesson, I'm going to show you another one where actually, instead of dropping the partitions and then appending the data, we will use an overwrite functionality given by Spark, even that's not straightforward. So there are a few things we'll have to do. So I'll cover that in the next lesson. I'll see you then.