As I said in the last lesson, we're going to look at another way to solve this problem. So I'm going to comment out all of this, the two cells here, and then we'll start with the next one. So you can use a shortcut to command this. So even if you're in windows, it's control and then a slash. Or if you're in Mac it is command and a slash, it's a backslash that should work. So let me just do that. So that's been commented out. In this one, we're going to use an overwrite. So instead of doing an append here, we are going to do a oevrwrite. But as we know, overwrite overwrites the entire table because when you do a save table, that's what happens. Even though you partition the data by race Id it's going to overwrite the entire table. Instead, we have another method called insert into that you can use. So it looks something like this. So we got the results final df and then we got right mode similar to this one. And instead of all of this we would say insert into this table. So the DataFrame is going to be inserted into this table. Unfortunately, there is no way to specify the order of columns being inserted here, but Spark expects the last column in the list to be the partitioned column when you're doing it. So we can use this statement here to write the data first time, and then once the table is created, we can use this one to add any new data, so any new partitions coming along. So in our example, cutover would be done by this and this would do the subsequent files coming through. Couple of things we need to do based on what we just discussed. The first thing is we need a IF statement so similar to what we did on the previous statement, we need to find out whether the table exists. So let's put that in. So if the table exists, that means the statement here has already run and it's created the data for us. So we only want to add any new data going forward so we can do that here. If that's not the case, this is the first execution of it. We can do our normal query and overwrite the data. So I'm repeating it again, but this here creates the table upfront for you when it runs for the first time, when our notebook runs for the first time. And this is just going to append the data going forward for every subsequent runs. We also said something which is we need the race Id to be the last column. If you can look here. race Id is not the last column. Race ID is the second column here. So we need to change the order in our DataFrame. So I've already prepared the select statement for that one. So as we know, we can use the select method to select the columns. So I'm going to just paste that here. I'm doing a select, but as you can see here, race Id is now the last column, so that means this insert statement would quite happily work. One more thing we need to do for this to work on partitions is we need to tell Spark that our partition overwrite mode is dynamic. If we leave it as default, it's called Static. In a case of Static, this statement here is also going to overwrite all of our data which we don't want, so let's use the configuration parameter. So this statement here would set the partition overwrite mode to dynamic. What that means is when the insertInto runs, it's going to find the partitions and only replace those partitions with the new data received. It's not going to overwrite the entire table. So that's what we want. This looks slightly more complicated compared to the first one we talked about, but the difference between the two is that this will be slightly more efficient because as supposed to going around and dropping all the partitions manually, we're letting spark to find the partition and overwrite it while it's trying to insert the data. So I find that to be slightly more performant. So we need to test this one now, but before we test it, let's drop the table. And because it's a managed table, it's going to drop all the data behind it as well. So I'm going to drop the table. Okay. The table is now dropped, so let's comment this out. So in SQL, a comment is a double hyphen there as supposed to the hash in Python. So if you're in SQL commenting anything out, use the double hyphens. So let's run this for the 18th of April just to make sure it runs okay before we do the cutover load. Okay, let me execute the select statement. And yeah, that's 20 records in there, so that looks brilliant. I'm going to drop the table again and then start from the cutover for us. And let's comment that back again. And then this is for the 21st of March. Okay, that's completed. So let's just quickly run the select as well. And that looks brilliant. So I'm going to quickly go ahead and run the other two days as well, which is the 28th of March as well as the 18th of April. And let's run 18th of April one more time, just to see whether our code still works and there are no duplicates in the data. I'm going to just do the select and I should still see only 20 records for the race Id 1053. Okay, that looks brilliant. So we got 20 records for 1053 and the other races as well. So as I said, these are only two of the many options available. So you might come across other options to deal with incremental loads within Spark. But I just wanted to give you a couple of examples and the idea of how to achieve these things. And also this is how the Data Lakes were built, up until Delta Lake came along. So Delta Lake is something which gives you the ability to do delete, merge and things like that, which we will look into in the next section of the course. But for now, this is our solution and that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.