Now that we've successfully processed one of our incremental data sets results, we should look at doing the other three, which are our Pitstops, LapTimes and Qualifying. One option could be copy this code, put it into the other three notebooks and make the corresponding changes as we need. But that will mean that we have got a lot of duplicated code in our four files and also some of this functionality could be used elsewhere as well. So the best design would be put this into a function so that we can do unit test and things like that. And also we can just call that function in our notebooks. So that's what we want to do here. Having said that, we've done functions before and we've done the code for the incremental load here. So I would like you to take this as an assignment and do it yourself, but I want to give you a couple of pointers before you make a start. So one of the things you can do is you can dynamically generate this column list rather than hard coding it every time and end up making mistakes. So in order to get the list of column names from a dataframe, you can use a method called schema.names and that should give you the list of column names in that dataframe. And then you can loop through the column list and move the column that you want to towards the end. So which will be our partition column, for example, this could all say in one function which will take in a dataframe and the partition by column, and it gives you a dataframe with a partition by column at the end. The other function you can do is to have the Spark configuration here as well as the statements here, and that could take in a dataframe, the database name and the table name as well as the partition by column. And then it'll just incrementally write the data to our tables as we want. And within the second function you can call the first function as well, and we can move them into our includes common functions and then we could use them here, so that means there will be one statement just to incrementally load the data in all of our other notebooks. And you can write unit test as well on those functions. We won't go into unit test in this lesson, but you can do that as well. I would like you to now go away and have a go and creating the function as well as making changes to the other three notebooks as well. If you get stuck, please come back. But in the meantime, good luck with what you're doing.