Hope you managed to complete the assignment successfully, if you haven't, please follow along with me and I'll take you through how I would go about doing it. So as I said before, we can use the method schema.names to get the list of column names. So we would want to loop around that one just to get the individual column name. So I'm going to put that into a variable called column names. And we want to look through the column names and find out the column name, which is our partition column. Let's have a variable called partition column. And I'm going to hardcode that to race Id for now. And also, once we loop through this list of column names, we want to put that into a list. So I'm going to create an empty list called Column list. And now here I'm going to test for the column name here. So I'm going to call this one as column name rather than column names. And if column name equals the partition column name, that's what we want to check for. Then we don't want to write that into our output. So we want a not equal condition here. We want to only process the not equals. So if the column name is not equals the partition column name, let's add that to our column list. So that would be column list.append and then I can put the column name there. And once we've gone through the for loop, all other columns are added. We want to add the partition column to the end. So I'm going to do that here. And that would be the partition column. And that should give us a full list of columns, that we need, which is a new column list. So let's print the column list as well so that we can test it. And I'm going to re-execute this statement here. The last results final df and I'll show you, as we can see, the race Id is the second column. So I'm going to execute the statements we've just written. And as you can see, the race Id has gone from second column to the last column. So that's our column list. So we got that one and the next thing we want to do is to change our dataframe. So I'm going to call this one as output dataframe. So our input dataframe is the result_final_df and all we need to do is select the columns with the column list. So the new dataframe is going to have the column list in the order we need. So if we look at that one, as you can see, the race Id is the last column, so that's pretty much the code we need for our first function. I'm going to turn that into a function, called this as a rearranged partition column. And as we said, this function needs a dataframe. I'm going to call that as input dataframe, and also it needs a partition column so it can be sent any dataframe and any partition column, it will just rearrange the dataframe with the partition column as the last column. So that's what we're doing here. And we don't need the partition column field anymore because that's coming in as a parameter. And I'm going to tab this one out just to align it. And also the input dataframe is what we're going to send. So that could be replaced here as well as here. And once we've done everything we want to return the output dataframe. So let's do that as well. And once you do it like this, you can do unit test and test the code in isolation and make sure everything is okay. So that's our first function. Let's quickly test the function just to make sure that works Okay. Again, I'm going to go back and rerun this statement so that the columns are in the right order, so that's our results final dataframe, which has got the race Id as the second column. So we'll send that in. So I'm going to get a new dataframe, call it output dataframe by calling the rearrange partition column dataframe. And that's going to have the result_final_df as the input. And we want to send in the partition column, which is race Id and if I run this, as you can see, the race Id is the last column and the function works as expected. So the second function we need is to overwrite our partition. I'm going to create the function. I'm going to call this one as overwrite partition because that's what it does. And that could take in the input dataframe. So it needs a dataframe to work on and then it's got the database name and the table names we need. So I'm going to call this as db name and table name. And also we need the partition by column, so I'm going to call it as partition column. So these are the inputs for this function. And the first thing it needs to do is to create an output dataframe with the rearranged column names. And for that one we are going to send the input dataframe, so it takes in input dataframe and the partition column so we could replace the hardcoded partition column name and it gives us back the dataframe in the column all we need. So that's done. The second thing we want to do is to run this statement, because we need this in order for the overwrite to work. And then the last thing we want is the statements here. Let's take those as well. And here we want to replace the f1 processed with the db name. So let's do it here as well and here. And also we want to replace the results with the table name variable. And because they're all now replacing the variables, let's make them as f strings. And the partition by column is now being sent in. So we don't need the hardcode that anymore. And the input dataframe needs to be used everywhere. So we've already used it here. And this is the input dataframe.right and input dataframe.right, so this is now a truly generic function. So let's try and execute that one. Let's try to execute this. And as you know, we need to send in input dataframe, which is our results final df in this case. And it takes a database name. So that one was f1 processed. And also it takes in a table name, which is results in this case. And also it takes in the partition column, which is race Id. So let's execute this and see what happens. This error is because we got a mistake in our function. As you can see, we pass in the input df and then we assign it to the output dataframe, and that's the one we should be writing, but we instead I'm writing the input dataframe, so I've just changed those two and compile the function and then rerun this again and that should now go through. Okay, that's gone through successfully. Let's have a look at the data in our table. And that looks as we expect to see. So that's brilliant. So now let's tidy up this. We need to, first of all, copy those two functions. So let's first copy these functions into our includes folder. So I'm going to copy this function and then I'm going to go to includes and just control click on common functions that will open up in another tab and then I'm going to put it in there. So that's our re-arrange partition column, I also want to get the other function, which is this one here, which is the overwrite partition. I'm going to put that in here as well. So those two functions there and we can tidy up this now, so we don't need this cell, let's get rid of that. Let's delete everything. All we need is just the call to those functions or the main function. So that's this statement we need it, but we can delete everything else. So that's quite concise. So we just have to put this into our other notebooks. But before that, let's just test it with the next week's worth files. So that's the 2021 03 28, I'm going to just do a Run All just to see whether that works. And that succeeded. So let me run the SQL just to make sure that the data is looking okay as well. So we should see the 1052 race Id on top. Yeah, that's on the top, and then we got the 1047 and everything else, which is from the historic or the cutover file. So that works perfectly fine. So we just have to copy this statement and put it into the other notebooks. So I'll let you finish the assignment, but I'll give you the copies of these notebooks if you wanted to look at the changes I made. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.