Now that we've implemented the incremental load logic to all of our notebooks, let's make changes to our workflow notebook and then we can execute all of them at once. And as I said before, if you are in Azure, you're not likely to have the workflow notebooks generally, you would be using Data Factory to orchestrate all of these things. But because we've got a workflow notebook, I'm going to make use of that and send in the parameters for all of these things so we can leave the Ergast API there and I'm going to add an another parameter. So as we know, we have got the file date as another parameter and the value of the file date is 2021 03 21 for the cutover. So let's just quickly replace the others as well. So all of those are now replaced. So let's execute this one and see whether that works. I'm going to attach the notebook to the cluster. And let's click on Run All and it should execute all of the notebooks for the cutover date and process the data. It will take a few minutes and we'll come back and process the other days as well. That's now completed. So let's me let me quickly do the week 1 as well, which is our 28th of March 2021. So I'm going to just do a find and replace there. And that's all done. So let's do a Run All. And that's completed. And finally, we're going to do the 18th of April as well. So let's do that. And I'm going to do a Replace All and then Run All that should run the 18th of April. Okay, so that's completed. We've ingested all of our data for the cutover and the week 1 and 2. Before we finish the lesson, let's quickly query one of our tables, incremental tables potentially, just to make sure that we have all the data we need. So I'm going to look at the results table again, and I'm going to do a count based on the array side, and I'm going to order by race Id descending as well just to make sure we got all the data. Okay. As you can see, we got the 1053, which is from the 18th of April and 1052, which is from the 28th of March and everything else from our cutover file or in the table. So let me delete that one. And that's the end of this lesson and I'll see in the next one.