We have now completed everything we needed to do on the ingestion process, but now we need to look at the transformation. So we need to identify the dates for which we've received the new data and delete the corresponding data from our presentation layer and add the new data. Let's now switch over to the Databricks workspace and have a look at how to implement these. So under our transformation, we got four scripts the race results, drivers standings and constructor standings, as well as the calculated race results, which is a SQL query. So let's start with the race results. The first thing we want to do is we want the notebook to know about the date for which we are running the notebook for as we did with the other ones. So let's put those parameters here. So we just need the file date and I've got default of 21st of March, but we can pass in whatever we want. So we've got the file data available for us. As you may recall from the lesson in which we created this notebook, we get data from a few tables, so that is drivers, constructors, circuits, races as well as we got results as well. So if you remember, the way we loading the data is for these ones drivers, constructors, circuits and races, we got a full load of the data. And for the results we are getting the incremental data. So this is the one we need to be careful about, because we want to see what's changed in the result and then recalculate whatever we write to the race results table. The other tables are okay. We will get all of the data from those ones when we want to process it. I'm going to make one assumption here, which is the four tables, which are the full loads, races, constructors, drivers and circuits, we will only get new data ever we won't have updates to the existing data. So we don't need to reprocess that data every time. So it is the results table which could have new races being added. So we need to reprocess the data for that one. So I'm going to add a filter here. So the filter will be looking for the file date of whatever is being passed in, and it's only that data which is going to be reprocessed. So for example, if you take cutover you process that through this process and then you come back to process the next day's or next week's data, which is from the 28th of March, then when you run it, it'll only process the 28th of March race, which is the 1052 race Id, if you remember. We won't look at everything else, so let's implement that one. So in here I'm going to say the filter is file date, if you remember the results DataFrame or the table itself now has got a file date and I'm going to say file date equals and this is going to be a SQL syntax when you do it like this. So you don't need a double equals there and then we can pass in the variable, which is the v_file date. And that needs to go in a quote. So I'm going to put a single quote around this one and a double quote around the entire thing. So let's try and run this one. Now that we've applied the filter, the next thing to do is to change our final right to the parquet file and creating the table from an overwrite of the table to overwrite of the partition. If you remember, we have done that previously in our ingestion script, so I'm going to quickly grab that statement and just put it in there. So that's the overwrite partition function. So that would be overwrite partition and we need the dataframe name and the database name and we need the table name and also the race Id is the partition column, but we haven't selected the race Id here so that won't be available. So we need to select the race Id, so I'm going to do that. But when I've selected the race Id, the problem I've got here is because we have used race Id on the join, these two data frames have got the race Id as a column, so that's going to be an ambiguous column. So let me rename one of them. So I'm going to rename the one from the results. So that would be in here. I'm going to use the width column rename to rename it. So I'm going to call this one result race Id so there is no going to be an ambiguity there. So because that's from the results table, we join the result table only here. So on the results df, I'm going to change that from race Id to result_race Id. So now the one which comes out would be from the race results race Id. So that's everything. One more thing we need to do before we carry on is that function itself won't be available in this notebook because we haven't imported it. So let's import that one. So that would be from the includes folder and we call that one as common functions. And I think with that we have done all the changes we needed to make to this notebook to deal with the incremental load. So let me go back and recap. So what we've done is we have send the file date, so that means it's only going to deal with the data that's arrived in that folder. And we are doing that by reading the data from the results dataframe with the filter of, in this case 21st of March. If you're dealing with another day, that will be that date. And then we are getting the race Id now as part of the select and we are going to just drop those partitions if they existed and create them. So with that we can incrementally load the data so we don't have to go and reload the data every time. So let's run this and hope it works. Okay, so that took nearly 3 minutes. Let's have a look at the data to make sure the data looks okay. And as you can see, the data looks perfect. So let's quickly run it for the other two days. I'm going to run it for the 28th first. And that's cool. That's done. And let's do the 18th of April as well, which is our week 3. Okay, that's finished as well. Let me look at the data for 2021, because that's the new data we have loaded under the 18th of April and the 28th of March, just to ensure that the incremental data is there as well. That's cool. We got all of the data. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.