Now that we have finished the race results, let's have a look at the driver standings. This is slightly different to the race results, because the aggregation is not based on any races or the file dates. Here we're looking at the yearly aggregation, so we want to find out the points per year and the position and the wins per year for the driver. So if we just looked at the file date and picked the race and did the calculations that won't be right because we'll be just looking at that data. So if you take our examples, in 2021 the first race is on the 28th of March 2021. For that file, we would only take that races data. That's okay, because you only had one race. But when we come to do the second race, if you just looking at the second races data, all your calculations are going to be wrong. You don't want to be doing that. So we have to take a slightly different approach here. Our driver table here is the race results. That's the one we worked on previously. But if you remember, we haven't got a file date on that race results. So that is one thing we'll have to go back and fix. So we'll have to put a file date in the race results so that we can use that data. I'm going to do that in a minute. But before that, we also have to deal with the output slightly differently because it is based on the race year, we will be partitioning that data by race year as well, actually. So when we write the data, we're going to partition the data by race year. So any data changes within a race year, we'll do a calculation for the entire race year and then we'll do that. So let me quickly go back and amend the race results and put the file date. In order to put the file date, we can select the file date here. But as you remember, we're going to have ambiguous columns we joining many tables, and all of them have got file dates. So let's rename one of them so that we can pick the right file date. So I'm going to do that again on the results table. So let's change that from file date to result file date, and then we can rename it back so that it's called a file date still. I'm going to pick the file date here. Let's do that. And this would be a result file date rather than the simple file date. And let's do a width column renamed just to rename it back again. And that should do everything we need. But before that, let's quickly drop this table because the structure is going to change here. So I'm going to drop the table presentation.race results, I need to put table after drop as well. Okay. Let's quickly run this drop statement here. So the table has now been dropped. Let's rerun the entire notebook for the cutover date, which is 21st of March, and then we'll do the other two dates as well. Okay. I have now processed all of the data and our dataframe and the file have got the new column called file date. Let's now open the driver standings. I'm going to open in a new tab. And that's our driver standings. The first thing is we know that we need the common function, so let's add that in here. And also we need to receive the file date into the notebook as a parameter. So I'm going to add that as well. And the next thing is, as we said previously, we need to find out the year for which the data needs to be reprocessed rather than the race Id. So we can use the race results file, as we said previously, now we've added the file date as well. So let's do a filter on the file date. So this would give us all of the data for that file date in race results table, and we still need to get the distinct race year. So I'm going to do a select and we're going to select only the race year here. And the next thing I want to do is the distinct on the data. So that would give me all the distinct race years. If you remember, in order to change that to a list, we use the collect method previously. So we need to use the collect method as well. And I'm going to change this one because it's now a list. So I'm going to say race results list. I'm going to just quickly run these things through so that we can see as the results as we go along. So as you can see, this is list of raw objects. But we need a list of numbers, which is the 2021 race year for example, so that we can use that in the filter to get the race results data we need. So I'm going to do what we did previously, which is to create a empty list and then just populate that. So that should give us the race years in the list. So that's what we got here. If I change that to 21st, that will be a bit better to look at because we'll see all the years there rather than just the one year. So as you can see, we've got all the race years in the cutover file, so you wouldn't see 2021, you've got 2020. But 2021 was not in the cutover file. So you see everything else there. So I'm going to take out the print statement, we don't need that any more, and we're going to use that in the filter here so that we are filtering the data we need in order to do our processing. We're not going to take any extra data. That's our aim here. So let's do a filter on the race year so we can use the call method and use the race year as the column name. And then the call method you can access is in function and you can specify a list here. So that's the list we've created so we can supply a list. So what this is going to do is, it's going to look to see whether the race year in the data we've retrieved from our parquet file has got one of the race year's we've listed here. If that's the case, that will be included in the dataframe. Otherwise it won't be. But in order for this to work, we need to also import the call function. So let's do that. Okay, I missed the dot there, so let's put that back in. And that's going to give us the data we need. Let's do a display here. And that should give us everything we need here. So that's got thousands of records. But now if I change that to 28th, then you're only going to see the 2021 data. So let me quickly run these things through. Okay. As you can see, you've got the 2021 data and you can see the 40 records, not just the 20 records. On the 28th of March, we had a race and then the 18th of April we had another race. So it's brought back the data from both of the races, which is 1053 race Id and 1052. As we said before, in order to do the standings within a race year, you need all of the data in the race year, that's what we've achieved here. So we've done what we needed to do in terms of getting the data. We don't need this display statement here. That's from previously when we were running it through, and this one can go as well. So the last thing we want to do is to save this data into our final parquet file and the table. So we've got this function, so let's get into the previous script we wrote and copy the function call and we can use the same function and we've got the final df here and the table name here is the driver standings, database is the same and instead of race Id, now we're going to use the race year. As we said, we're going to recalculate everything for a race year and rewrite that data for that race year. So that's what we'll do here. And I'm going to quickly go up, make sure everything looks okay. And now we can do a Run All. Let's run the entire thing. And that's completed. Let's do a select to see what's in the data. So we should only see the race year 2021 data here and we got the data from both races being aggregated here. And I'm going to quickly run it for the 21st, which is for the cutover, and then we'll do the 18th of April as well. The 18th of April shouldn't make any difference because we have done a calculation for one of the race years in 2021. But we'll still do it. Okay, that's completed. As you can see, we are now seeing data from 1952 onwards. And let me just quickly do the 18th of April. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.