The next notebook we need to work on is the constructor standings notebook. As you can see, this is very similar to driver standings notebook and there are not much differences. So I would like you to take this as an assignment and do it yourself and if you get stuck, come back to it and I'll explain how I went about doing it. Good luck. Hope you managed to complete the assignment successfully. Let me quickly walk you through what I have done. I have changed slightly from what we were doing previously. So let me start with driver standings. So we've had the collect and the select columns and distinct everything here. And also we've had a couple of statements to pull out the race year list. So I've written a little function called DataFrame column to list, and that's under the common functions. So let's go there. That function takes in a dataframe and a column name and it goes through the dataframe, pulls out the column and gets the distinct values and collects that into a row list. From the row list, we get the column values and then put that into a list and send that back. So that's what we're doing. So we've done slightly better here and more Pythonic way of doing it. So if you want to make the similar change here, feel free to do that rather than using the append. That's what we used previously that's more readable. But this is a better way of doing this. So that's what we've done. So on the drivers, if you see, all I have done is actually taken out the rest of the statements from here, which is the select and the distinct and the collect, because they are in the function now and then to the function we sending the dataframe and the column name on which we want to get the distinct values from. So that's what this list gets. And then the list is used to filter the data. So I've done exactly the same thing on the constructors as well. So let's go through from the top. So we do exactly the same thing. We got the filter only on the file date now and then we get the dataframe, send it to the new function that we've written and send the race year as the column name, and then we get the list here and we can use that list in our is IN method here to limit on the number of races for us. And then everything else is exactly the same as drivers. You've got the overwrite partition function call here with the constructors standings rather than the driver standings. So I've run it for all three days and let's have a quick look at the data. So as you can see here now, we've got the data for the races from 1950 onwards to 2021. So that's the last year. With this, I think we've covered most of the common scenarios that we come across in the incremental load design pattern. The one layer, the script we got within the transformation is the calculated race results. We just use this for any analysis purpose, but if you want it to make it as incrementally load, then you can create the table upfront and insert into the table by overwriting the partition. So which you would do that using the SQL command itself if you wanted to. So if you look in, Data manipulation language. Let me scroll down and under Insert, you've got the insert overwrite. So when you do insert overwrite, you can specify a partition specification as well, and it will just overwrite that data, and it works very similar, but my advice would be not to use SQL for a programmatic process, use SQL for analysis because we will have to pass in the parameters as well for this notebook. When you send in a parameter for the notebook, you can't have the SQL cells to have the parameters being passed in as variables. You'll have to turn these into Python notebooks and then you can spark.sql, and then within that you can execute this statement and pass in a parameter as well. But I find using PySpark for these kind of programmatic processes rather than the SQL itself to be a better option. So I would encourage you to do that as well. So with that, we'll finish the Incremental load scenarios. In the next section of the course, we'll look at Delta Lake and see how we can improve some of these things. That's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.