Okay, so now let's go one step deeper and talk about the different caching strategies you can implement and the considerations you have coming with it. So if you want to have a read, I recommend this link. All the information is from this link with a little bit of bonus, but I'm going to try to explain in summarize everything to you in this lecture. So, is it safe to cache data? In general yes, but sometimes your data may be out of date. And so you may have eventually consistency. So it's not for every type of data sets, Okay. Some data, you want to make sure that you only cache it, if it's okay to cache it. Is caching effective for the data? Is also another question you need to ask yourself. So for example, if your data is changing slowly, and few keys are frequently needed, then that could be great, Okay. But for an anti pattern for example, if your data is changing very, very quickly, and you need all the key space in your data set, then maybe caching will not be as effective. Then you need to ask yourself the question is the data structured correctly for caching? For example, if you have key value, or if you want to store your aggregations results, caching is great. But you need to make sure that data is structured accordingly before caching it, Okay, because caching is about saving time, it's about optimizing. It's about getting there faster. So you wanna make sure the data is structured the correct way for your queries, Okay? And then the final question, which is, the more important one is, which caching design pattern is going to be the most appropriate for us? And this is the discussion we're going into right now. So there is the first one called Lazy Loading, but it may come up at the exam under Cache-Aside or Lazy Population. The three things mean the same thing. So let's have a look. So we have our application. We have Amazon ElastiCache and Amazon RDS, and there are three distinct components. So if your application goes and wants to read something, first, it's going to ask the cache, and so ElastiCache it would be Redis or Memcached, would say, yes, I have something and it's called a Cache hit. That's the greatest case. Now, if there is no Cache hit, it's called a Cache miss. So the application makes a request to ElastiCache. ElastiCache does not have the data, so we get a Cache miss. So we need to be able to find the data where is. So we go and read the data from your database, in this example, Amazon RDS, then the application has the correct data. And what it's going to do is that it's going to write that data to the cache to make sure that any other application who requests the same data will go directly into Cache hit. So this architecture is great, because only the requested data is going to be cached, Okay? If there is no data that is requested from RDS, it will not end up in the cache. So it's very efficient. And in case, somehow your cache gets wiped or you have a node failure, then it's not fatal. It will increase latency because the case needs to be one warmed and by warm, it means that all the reads have to go to RDS and then be cached. So that's what the warm up is called. But there's some cons. First of all, if we get a Cache hit is great. But if we get a Cache miss, that means there's three network calls being done from your application to ElastiCache, which is a Cache miss from your application to RDS, which is read from Data Base and finally, another write to the cache. And so for your users, when they are reading something, and they're seeing some latency, they're not used to it. And so, that three round trips may be a bad user experience. And finally, stale data. So if your data is updated in RDS, then it will not be necessarily updating in ElastiCache. And so it's possible to have outdated data in the cache. And that's what you need to ask yourself is my data Okay to be out of date and eventually consistent? So that's the first case, and so the exam does expect you to understand how to read a Cache-Aside or Lazy Loading type of structure. So I'm using Python, which is I think, an easy language to read, to have a look. So we need to look at this code and understand that it is indeed a Lazy Loading strategy. So let's have a look, and this is very easy to read. So def means definition and it's a function definition to get a user and the argument is the user ID. And so we call it on line 17. We want the user equals get_user id 17, Okay. And now how does the user get his get? So first, would you record equals cache.get user_id. So here, we're going to check in ElastiCache, if somehow that user ID is already cached. And so if we get a Cache miss, if record is none, we go in this loop, else, that'd be a Cache hit, and we just return the record. So we see that if we get a Cache hit, here, we go directly into the response. Now if you get a Cache miss, then we run a database query to find that user in our database, so we do db.query and we have a SQL query that goes past to RDS and say, Okay, we get the record, then we populate the cache with the results. So we'll do cache.set user_id, record so that the next time someone does cache.get it will be a result, it will be a Cache hit. And then finally, we return the record, which is exactly the same strategy as what I showed you in the diagram. So from this code, it appears to be indeed, Lazy Loading, Okay. Again, you don't need to know how to write code, but reading code and understand what the code does. It's very little of the exam, but for ElastiCache, it is necessary, Okay. The second type of strategy is called Write Through. And Write Trough, is when you add or update the cache when your database is updated. So let's have a look. Same thing application ElastiCache and RDS. And when our application talks to ElastiCache we get a Cache hit which is great, and when there is a write happening to RDS, so when our application modifies the Amazon RDS database, then on top of it, it's going to write to the cache. So this is why it's called the Write Through, because we write through ElastiCache to RDS, Okay. So what do we get out of this architecture? Well, the data in the cache is never stale, Okay. Whenever there is a change in Amazon RDS, then automatically, there will be a change in your cache. And this time, you get a Write penalty versus a Read penalty. So before when we had a Cache miss, we had to do three network calls in total, and that was a Read penalty. But now when we write to the database, we have a Write penalty. Each write now requires two calls one to the database and one to the cache. And from the user perspective, a user is expecting more a write to take longer than a read. For example, if you were on the social media and you post something then you expect that post to last maybe a second or two. But if you fetch a profile, you expected to take a split second. So here, the users understand that any write, any changes to the database may take a little bit longer. So there may be better from a user perspective. Now, what about the cons? Well, there is missing data until the Amazon RDS the database is updated or added. That means that your ElastiCache or your cache in general, will not have all the data it needs until the data is written to RDS and so there may be a problem. And so for this, you can combine the Write Through strategy with Lazy Loading such as if your application does not find the data in ElastiCache then it also does Lazy Loading into RDS. And so we can combine the two strategies together. And here we get a Cache Churn. That means that as we add a lot and a lot of data in RDS, there will be a lot and a lot of data in ElastiCache, but there is a chance that this data will never be read. So that could be a problem if your cache is very small, Okay. Likewise, we'll look at some Pseudocode. So this time, we have the function called save_user so before it was get_user because it was a read optimization on the cache, but now it's a write optimization on the cache. So it's save_user and in here, we just look at this function save_user and the first thing we do is to save to the database. So we do record equals db.query update users and we update the user with the values. And then we push it into the cache. So cache.set user_id, record and then we return the record. So this is the Write Through strategy that's been defined and Pseudocode. And you can as you see, combine the Write Through and the Lazy Loading because this is a function called save_user and the other one was a function called get_user so these two can be used together. Then there is Cache Evictions and Time-to-live or TTL. So your cache has a limited size. And so there can be something called Cache Eviction, to remove data out of your cache. So for example, it can happen if you delete an item explicitly from the cache, or if the memory of the cache is full. And then your item has not been used recently, and therefore is going to be evicted, it's called LRU for Least Recently Used, or we set an item time-to-live or TTL, which is saying, hey, you can live only for five minutes, and in five minutes, I want the cache to evict you. And the TTL are very helpful for really any kind of data would it be Leaderboards, Comments, Activity streams etc. And depending on your application, your TTL can range from a few seconds, so this is a very short TTL, to hours or days. But even a TTL of a few seconds for some data that is very, very requested can be extremely effective for a cache. So TTL is a great strategy to keep a balance between having data stay in the cache and also being evicted, so that new data takes place and replaces it. So if somehow you have too many evictions though, because your case is always at full memory, then you should consider updating your cache size by scaling up or out. So that means making your cache bigger. Okay, final words of wisdom because caching is hard. So the Lazy Loading and Cache-Aside strategy is very easy to implement and works with many situations as a foundation, especially to improve the read performance. So this is something that's very easy to do, and that I recommend you to do in many applications. The Write-through is a bit more hands on involved, and it's more of an optimization that comes in as an after effect on top of the Lazy Loading, then a cache strategy on its own. So make sure that Write-through is not your first priority. Think out how it works for your use case and implement it if necessary, to improve your cache staleness. And then finally, the TTL is usually not a bad idea, except when you're using Write-through, Okay. And you should set it to a sensible value for your application. Finally, also only cache the data make sense. So it'd be user profiles, blogs, but maybe not pricing data. And finally, or maybe not someone's bank account value. And then finally, just one last thing on cache. So there's this quote that says, "There are two hard things in Computer science: "cache invalidation, and naming things." So that means that caching is really, really hard. This was just an introduction there's a whole field of Computer Science on caching. But as you can see, for the exam, you need to know about different caching strategies, their Pseudocode and their implications. So I hope that was helpful and I will see you in the next lecture.