In this lecture, we will try and understand microservices architecture using a simple web application. We will then try and deploy this web application on multiple different Kubernetes platforms such as Google Cloud Platform. I'm going to use a simple application developed by Docker to demonstrate the various features available in running an application stack on Docker. So let's first get familiarized with the application, because we will be working with the same application in different sections through the rest of this course. This is a sample voting application which provides an interface for a user to vote, and another interface to show the results. The application consists of various components such as the voting app, which is a web application developed in Python to provide the user with an interface to choose between two options a cat and a dog. When you make a selection, the vote is stored in readers. For those of you who are new to readers, readers. In this case, serves as a database in memory. This vote is then processed by the worker, which is an application written in dotnet. The worker application takes the new vote and updates the persistence database, which is a Postgres SQL. In our case, the Postgres SQL simply has a table with the number of votes for each category. Cats and dogs. In this case, it increments the number of votes for cats as our vote was for cats. Finally, the result of the vote is displayed in a web interface, which is another web application developed in Node.js. This resulting application reads the count of votes from the Postgres SQL database and displays it to the user. So that is the architecture and data flow of this simple voting application stack. As you can see, this sample application is built with a combination of different services, different development tools and multiple different development platforms such as Python, Node.js, DotNet, etc. this sample application will be used to showcase how easy it is to set up an entire application stack consisting of diverse components in Docker. Let us see how we can put together this application stack on a single Docker engine using Docker run commands. Let us assume that all images of applications are already built and are available on Docker repository. Let us start with the data layer. First, we run the docker run command to start an instance of redice by running the docker run command. We will add the dash d parameter to run this container in the background, and we will also name the container Redice. Now naming the containers is important. Why is that important? Hold that thought. We will come to that in a bit. Next we will deploy the PostgreSQL database by running the docker run Postgres command. This time too, we will add the dash D option to run this in the background and name this container db for database. Next we will start with the application services. We will deploy a front end app for voting interface by running an instance of voting app image. Run the docker run command and name the instance vote. Since this is a web server, it has a web UI instance running on port 80. We will publish that port to 5000 on the host system so we can access it from a browser. Next, we will deploy the web application that shows the results to the user. For this, we deploy a container using the results app image and publish port 80 to port 5001 on the host. This way we can access the web UI of the resulting app on a browser. Finally, we deploy the worker by running an instance of the worker image. Okay, now this is all good and we can see that all the instances are running on the host. But there is some problem. It just does not seem to work. The problem is that we have successfully run all the different containers, but we haven't actually linked them together. As in, we haven't told the voting web application to use this particular Redis instance. There could be multiple instances running. We haven't told the worker and the resulting app to use this particular PostgreSQL database that we ran. So how do we do that? That is where we use links. Link is a command line option which can be used to link two containers together. For example, the voting app web service is dependent on the Redice service. disservice when the web server starts. As you can see in this piece of code on the web server. It looks for a service running on host reads, but the voting app container cannot resolve a host by the name reads. To make the voting app aware of the reads service, we add a link option while running the voting app container to link it to the read this container. Adding a dash dash link option to the docker run command and specifying the name of the container which is which, in this case is read, is followed by a colon and the name of the host that the voting app is looking for, which is also read this in this case. Remember that this is why we named the container when we ran it the first time, so we could use its name while creating a link. What this is in fact doing is it creates an entry into the etc. host file on the voting app container. Adding an entry with the hostname reads with the internal IP of the After this container. Similarly, we add a link for the result app to communicate with the database by adding a link option to refer the database by the name db. As you can see in this source code of the application, it makes an attempt to connect to a Postgres database on host DB. Finally, the worker application requires access to both the redice as well as the Postgres database. So we add two links to the worker application, one link to link the redice and the other link to link Postgres database. Note that using links this way is deprecated and the support may be removed in a future in Docker. This is because, as we will see in some time, advanced and newer concepts in Docker Swarm and networking supports better ways of achieving what we just did here with links. But I wanted to mention it anyway, so you learn the concept from the very basics.