So in this video, we're going to deploy the voting application onto a Kubernetes cluster. And the first thing that we have to do is we have to create the pod definition file for each one of the services in our application. So we're going to first create the pod definition file for the voting app. So I'm just going to create a file called voting dash app dash pod YAML. So for the voting app we're going to first specify the API version. So this is going to be v1. We're going to specify the kind which is. Since we want to create a pod the kind is going to be set to pod. Then we give it the metadata. So this is going to be things like what is the name as well as what labels do we want to assign to it. So I'm just going to call this one vote just to keep it simple. And then labels. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to follow the convention of I'm going to have a label where it's app and then the name of the service or component. So since this is the vote service, we're just going to call this vote. And then what we have to go under spec and here we will create the list of containers. In this pod. There's going to be just one container. You can give the container a name. We'll just call this one vote the image. This is going to be the Docker samples slash example voting app underscore vote. And then we have to specify what ports is the application or the container going to be listening on. Uh so we'll say container port. And we know that the voting app is listening on port 80. And if you want you can even give the the port that it's listening on a name. We'll just call this a vote. So that's everything we need for the voting app pod. We can then go to and create the results pod uh, we'll say result app pod YAML. And here I'm going to be really simple. We're just going to copy this and just change a few values. So the pod spec is going to be almost 100% percent identical. We're going to change the name to be result. We're going to change the label to be result as well. We'll change the name of the container to be result. And then the image is going to be Docker samples. Example voting app underscore result. It's going to also listen on port 80. And we're going to change that port name to be result. Now let's create the reader's database pod. So we'll call this reader's pod dot YAML. And once again I'm going to copy this. Paste it. And we're going to change the names. And what I'm going to do is I'm just going to do a multi-select. So everything with the word vote I'm just going to change to be reader's. So we're going to update the name, the label, the name of the container and then the container port. And then we have to change the image. This is going to be using The Reedus alpine image. And then we have to change the container port. So the Reedus image by default listens on six, three, seven, nine. So we'll update that. And we should be done with the Reedus pod. Let's now go to the Postgres database pod. We'll call this DB dash pod YAML. And we'll copy the Reedus config. And I'm going to change the name to be DB, the label to be app db as well. This is going to be using a Postgres image. So we'll set the name to be Postgres. And then the actual image will be we'll change this to be Postgres and the tag is going to be 15 alpine the container port. So the default port that Reedus listens on is 543, two. And then we'll just update that port name to be Postgres. Now for the Postgres image. If you go to the documentation, we have to provide it some information, which is what's going to be the default username and password for Postgres instance. And the way that we provide that information is by passing in environment variables. And to do that we just say env. And then we just provide a list of key value pairs. So we say name and then value. So this is going to be the key for the environment variable and then the value. So Postgres has a specific convention. It should be Postgres underscore user. That's going to be the environment variable that specifies a username. And we're going to set the default username to be. How about Postgres. Just to keep it simple. And then we're going to do the password. So this is the environment variable called Postgres underscore password. And then we'll set the value to be Postgres. So in this case if you want to connect to the Postgres database the username is going to be Postgres. And then the password is also going to be Postgres just to keep it simple for this demonstration. And then the last thing that we have to create is going to be the worker pod. And I'm going to go to the voting app and copy this one as a template. And so for the worker once again I'm going to update the values here all at once to be worker. And then the image is going to be Docker samples slash example voting app underscore worker. And keep in mind that the worker pod isn't going to have a service exposed. So in this case we don't really need to specify the port because it's not going to have the service associated with it. So we can just delete that. So now that we've finished creating the pod specs for all the different components, we now need to create services so that we can enable communication between all of the different components of our application. So we're going to create a service for the pod first so that the other components can talk to the database. I'm going to create a new file I'm going to call this one Readers dash service dot YAML. And here we're going to set API version to be v1. We're going to set the kind to be of type service. And then we'll pass in the metadata. So what will the name be. I'm just going to keep it simple. We'll call this uh readers. Now the name of a service is kind of important because when you create a service it's going to get an IP address. And we can configure our application to talk to the to the service using the IP address. But on top of that it'll also create a DNS entry so that instead of having to remember the IP address of the service, you can just send it to the domain of readers that hostname. So the name is important. The applications have already been configured to reach the readers database through the domain of readers. So we want to make sure we set the name of the service to be readers as well. And then if you want, you can have some labels. These are purely optional, but we'll just set this to be readers. Then for spec, We have to specify what type of service do we want. Um, and so there's three types of services. There's clusterip, nodeport and load balancer. The reader's database should not be exposed to the outside world. So only internal components. Um, so basically components already on our Kubernetes cluster should be able to talk to it, not the outside world. We're not going to expose it to the end user. So for that you want to use a cluster IP service. So you just say type cluster IP. However this is the default type. So you can actually delete it. And it's going to default to of type cluster IP. Then we have to specify the port. Let's give the port a name I'm going to say we'll call this uh redirect service. You have to provide the two values which is going to be port and target port. So target port is going to be what port should it forward to on the container. And so this is going to be based off of what port is the reader's pod listening on. It's going to be 6379. So we can copy that and set that to be six, three, seven, nine, and then the port that the server is listening on. This can be any port that you want, but in general, we're just going to keep it to be the same as the target port, just to keep things as simple as possible. And then after that we have to provide a selector. So this is basically telling the service what pods should it forward traffic to. So we have to grab the labels for the pod. So the the reader's pod has a label of app reader's. And so then we go to the reader's service paste that in there. This is basically saying that if we get a request to the service, forward it to any pod with the label of app Reader's. So now let's create the service for the Postgres database. So we'll say DB service dot YAML. And we can just copy the reader's service and just change the values accordingly. First things first the name. Remember the name is important because it automatically sets the DNS entry. The applications have been configured to talk to the database using the hostname of db, so we have to name the service accordingly. We'll update the label here to just be DB and we'll call this one the DB service for the type. The type will once again, just like the reader's database. It should be only internal to our application. We shouldn't allow it to be exposed to the outside world. So we could set this to be cluster IP. And once again this is purely optional because this is the default service type. So you don't technically need it. But we'll leave it on this file. And then the target port. Well that's going to be the port that the database listens on which is 5432. And then we can set the service port to be the same just to keep it simple. And then finally we need a selector. So we have to select the database pod. So we'll look up the labels for the database pod. And paste that there. Let's now create the service for the voting application. And I'm going to just grab the DB service, copy it. And let's go and update the values. So first of all this is going to be we'll just call this service called vote. We'll give it the label of vote as well. Now for the type the vote service needs to be accessible outside of the Kubernetes cluster. So we need to be able to access the application. This is kind of like the entry point into our application cluster. IP does not give that functionality to us. So we need to use either Nodeport or Loadbalancer. We're going to use Nodeport for this demonstration. Then for the DB for the name we'll just call this vote service Target port. Well, to get that we have to go to the voting app. Here we can see it's listening on port 80. So this should be port 80. And just to kind of mix things up remember you know normally you just kind of set the service port to be the same. But technically it can be different. So if I wanted to I could set this to be 8080, and that's perfectly fine. That just means that whenever somebody wants to talk to this service, they're going to send it on port 8080 to the service IP, which will then get forwarded to port 80 on the container. Now, since we are using a type node port, we need to add in another field which is node port. And this is basically going to tell the the nodes in our Kubernetes cluster what port they should listen on so that they can forward traffic to these remote servers. It has to be within the specific range. So we're going to do 31,000. So now when a user sends a request to the IP address of one of our nodes, he's going to send it to this port and it's going to forward it to the vote service. And then the vote service can then forward it to the vote pod. Then we need a selector. So we have to go to the voting app. Grab the app vote. And that should be everything that we need for the vote service. And the final service that we need is going to be the result service. And we can copy the vote service in this case. And you're going to see that things are going to be fairly close. Uh, we're going to change the name to be result. The label is also going to be result. Uh, since the result service needs to be exposed to the outside world, it needs to be either of type node port or load balancer. We're going to use node port. In this case we'll name the port to be result service. Let's give it a different node port. So it's going to be accessible on how about 31,001 target port. That's going to be what port is the result app listening on which is port 80. So that's fine. And then if you want to you can also change this to be a different value. You can keep it. You could be 80. It can be 8080. Or in this case we'll just set it to be something different 8081. And then we have to change the selector to be of whatever the result app is, which is result. So now that we have all of the specifications and all of the Kubernetes manifest, we can go ahead and deploy it. I already have a cluster set up. If I do kubectl get node, you can see I've got a single node cluster here. And if I do kubectl get pod you can see there's nothing. And if I do kubectl get service there's just the default Kubernetes service. So at this point we can just deploy everything. And the best way to do that is I can just do kubectl apply dash f. And I just do current directory. And it's going to deploy all of these files. Or if you want to you can go in and deploy each one manually. So you could do pod dot YAML and then go to DB service, dot YAML and so on. But you could just apply an entire folder. So I'll do that. You can see it went ahead and created everything there. All right. So now if we take a look we can verify what's been created. So if I do kubectl get pod you're going to see that we've got the five pods the pod the result pod. The readeth. The database. The worker. You want to see that they're ready in a one slash, one state. And running. That means everything looks good. And you can see they've been up for two minutes and 20s. If I do kubectl get service, you can type in the whole word service. Or you can use the shorthand notation of SVC. It's going to show us the different services. So we've got the vote service. And I do want to show you guys how the output kind of lines up to the configuration. So you can see the port value is here. And then the node port value is here. So remember this is the port that we're going to send traffic to on whatever the IP address of our node is. You can see the same thing with the result. The result service 8081. And it can be accessible through this node port. And then we've got the two cluster IP services which you can see of type cluster IP. They're only going to be accessible internally. So now let's go ahead and test this out. So if I do a kubectl get node dash o wide. When you do o wide it's going to give us the IP address of the nodes. So here I can access the node using this IP address. So I'm going to copy this. And I'm going to go to my browser. And we can just put in the IP address there. And then if we want to access the let's say the vote service, you just grab this port and the vote service will be accessible through that port on that node. So I'll just paste that in. And you can see we have access to the vote service. So if I select cats and I cast a vote great. And then now what we want to do is we want to check the results service. The results service is available on 31001. So let's go to 31001. And we can see cats 100%. Dogs 0%. So this just confirms we can access the node port services. And the applications are all communicating with one another destroying the information in the databases and there probably retrieving that data. So all of the services are working and everything's been deployed properly onto the Kubernetes cluster.