Welcome back. In this lecture we want to learn and understand delta tables versioning capability and so called time travel capability. So let's start as usual I have set up a notebook for you. So in my home directory. Let's go to. The notebook. Connect a running cluster. Do the cleanup. And then do some setup. So basically what I'm trying to do here is I created a dev catalog and a demo DB database, and I created a blank. Delta table. So this is a table. In the earlier lectures we already learned that on delta table we can apply different types of transactions. Like you can create a table that's a transaction. We can load data into the table. We can load some more data. And we can maybe update some records. We can delete some records. We can do some merge operations. So in a typical case in your project when you have delta tables, you will be doing lot of operations on your delta table. You will be inserting loading data, you will be updating, you will be deleting. You will be applying some merge statements, all that operations you will keep on doing. And all these operations will change the data set right. They will change the state of the delta table. They will modify the data. Uh, and that's where delta table versioning comes in. Delta table keeps track of all the changes and it maintains all the versions. Let's try to understand it with an demo. So I created a blank delta table. Uh let's load some data into it I already have a statement here. Simple insert overwrite table statement. You already know spark SQL, so uh, no big deal. We inserted four records. Let's say we want to implement some delete on the same delta table. So I am deleting one record. And then let's say I want to. Update some records, so I'm running an update transaction. Let's say we have a merge statement also. So I'm trying to implement a merge on the same data table. So what I'm doing I'm simulating various transactions on the same data table. We created a blank delta table and then applied a bunch of transactions. And what we know that delta table maintains versions and all the transaction information. So how do we see that version. Can we see the delta table versions. Yes you can. And it's as simple as describe. Describe what history describe history of the Delta table. Just give the delta table name. What is the Delta table name? This is the table. We are doing all the operations. So let's look at the history of this delta table. And. That's what we have. So we can see the delta table is version started from zero and it reached to version four are five different versions starting from 0 to 4. Why? Because I created five transactions. What are those transactions? You can see that here. The first transaction was create or replace table. That was my first transaction. I did that in the uh setup create or replace. So that created the version zero of the table. And then I did insert overwrite. Then I did delete. So all those transactions are also recorded. And a new state of the delta table is created which with each transaction as a new version. So write operation created version one, then delete operation created version two, update operation created version three and merge operation created version four. And we also have a lot of other informations like what time this transaction happened? Who was the user? What is the user name? If there are any transactional parameters? Uh, if it was done by a spark job, what was the job? Which notebook, which cluster? All those details are there. So that's what the delta table history means or delta table versioning means. But you might be wondering what is the use of all this. What is the use case. So there are many use cases. The first and the most simple use case is you have an audit information on your table, right? You know who is doing what or what is happening on this table, how data is evolving or changing on your delta table. That's one simple use case. Uh, second use case is, for example, you want to build a report as on some date. For example, uh, you are on fifth Jan, but you want to regenerate your report as on 31st December. So how do you generate a report as on 31st December, if you have generated it on 31st December and saved it somewhere, you can see it. But can you regenerate that same report as on 31st December? Very difficult because from 31st December onwards, your data keep on updating, keep on changing. You are doing a lot of transactions. So your table data is state is not as same as it was on the 31st December, but with versions and uh, old states of data. We can do that. So that's another use case. So how do we query a table as on a old state. How do we do that. If we can do that we can generate reports as on 31st December or at as on whatever date you want. So how do we query a table, uh, or how do we query older versions of the table. Simple. Uh, you can do select star. From this delta table. Uh, the same delta table. And, uh, if you run this query, uh, you will get the result, uh, set, which is for the latest data set. Right. Latest version. So whatever we are seeing here is the latest state of the data in that delta table, which is we know that version four is the latest. So whatever is state is at the version four. That's what we are seeing. And that makes sense. Also by default all your queries should return the latest state. But if we want to look at the older versions we should be able to do that too. Also. And you can do it using your Select queries and then uh adding version as off. And then you can put whatever version name number you want. So let's say I want to look at the data at version one. So version as of version one. And I can see four records in the first version. And what is the first version. First version. When we initially wrote loaded the table with four records. So that's what I can see. So I can see as of any version as of version one, version two, version three like that. But version number is fine if we know the version number, which version number I want to look at, I can look at it. What about the timestamp? Can I query the data as on? 10 a.m. yesterday or 10 a.m. today. Right? Can we query the latest state as on a given timestamp? That is also possible simply in your SQL. Queries are very simple. Write it like this and then use timestamp as of and give a timestamp string. Uh. For example, let's say I want to query data as on this timestamp, right? Version three. Uh, the latest one is version four uh, as on this timestamp. So let's copy this timestamp and um. Paste it here. So this is the timestamp at 1145 17. Right. 1145 17 is the timestamp when uh version three was created. But how would I know the exact time of uh, uh, version? Right. It's not that easy. I have to look at the history and figure it out. So it's not necessary to give exact timestamp. I can give, uh, 1145 17 I can give anything higher than this. I can give anything lower than this. So if I give timestamp 1145 18. I, which is one second. Uh, above the version three. So it's this SQL query will result the latest version or latest state as on 1145 18. So what is the latest at 11 uh 4518 version three. Right. 17 version at 4517 version three was created. If I look at the state at 1145 18, the latest version is three up to 1145 27 next version was created. So between this and this time, whatever time I query, I will always see the version three, which is the latest version. So let's try uh querying at uh 1116. Right. This version was created at 17. I am querying at 16. So I should see version two after the delete. So I should see three records I guess. So let's query it. And I can see three records after the delete. So whatever is the state at this time is this query will give me the, uh, data set at this point of time. So that's how you can create your old reports as on some time stamp. You can query your tables and you can generate regenerate your reports at that of time at that point of time. Another use case. Uh, what if I by mistake, uh, delete a table or entire table or maybe some records? So let's say I have a delete from. This table and I forgot to add a where condition, executed it and boom, gone. All three records are the entire data table is gone. Uh, if I try to query that now, uh, let's say I try to query that now. I will see nothing because I by mistake I deleted that or, uh, I deleted something. Uh, how do I get it back? So we know Delta table maintains different versions. Uh, you can look at the version, uh, using describe. History. And on that table, you know, version five was created by this delete operation. And predicate is like blank, null, nothing. Right. So everything was deleted. Uh. Can I restore this data? So can I restore data for version four or. Anything after this time is damp or at this time is damp. Yes, we can do so. How do we do the restore? Uh, let's try to restore. Uh, so statement is simple, uh, SQL. Restore, write, restore and table name. Maybe you have to add table restore, table table name and two and two. You have both the options two version as of like this. Uh. Version as of. And let's say we want to restore to version four. So this should do. Or you can do uh, two. Time stamp as off and then give the time stamp. And I know I deleted it at this point of time. So, uh, maybe 1155, double zero, uh, something. So 1150. 1154, maybe, uh, 59 seconds, just one second before I executed the delete transaction. Can I restore to that point in time? Yeah, we can do that. Let's try it. And. It worked. And, uh, if you want to see now, once again, uh, let's say select star from this table, it should show me the data. Right. Because table is restored. My, that delete operation is gone. But it is not like that. History is not maintained for restore. Look at the um describe. History. So, uh, in the history we will see a version six is created by the restore operation. Right. And some more details are there operation parameter was this timestamp. Right. So we did a restore and that also is logged audited. Right. So that that's what uh are the benefits of uh delta table versioning. You have multiple use cases for that. You can query at a timestamp and regenerate your old reports. You can restore tables or data set to a past time stamp or version. Or you can also use the, uh, history for the audit purpose. That's all about, uh, versioning. But we learned all. Of that, uh, using a spark SQL. Can we not do these things using Spark Data Frame API? Yes, we can do so. Read version one of Delta table using Data Frame API. Can we do it? Yes. Uh, so this is the code spark dot read. And you tell table give the table name. It will return the data frame. Maybe you can display it. But we want to read as of version one. So you can give an option. We have an option with the delta table uh where version as of one I'm not telling format here. Maybe format is optional in Databricks. Uh default format is delta. Uh. But you can tell Delta, right? So, uh, but if you don't tell format, it is assumed to be Delta. So you can run this version as of and read the version one of the table so you can do it from the, um, spark SQL spark data frame API also. Next thing is read delta table version as a given timestamp using data frame. So uh, same same approach. Only the option will change. Uh, we learned how to read at version as of, but if you want to read it at uh timestamp as of, you can set the option time stamp as of and give a time stamp here. So let's say uh, we want to. May be read at this timestamp. Right? Um. You want to read at this time is time. So let's try that and it should give you the data at this time is time. So that's how we can read. Uh, can we restore data using data frame API? No. Data frame API doesn't give us an option to restore data to a older version. A delta table API does give an option. So if you have a requirement to write a restore operation in Python, you can use Delta table APIs. If you can manage it with spark SQL like this. Uh, this is an easy option, but if you have a compulsion to do it in Python, you can use Delta table API. So uh, we have used delta table APIs uh, earlier. How to use it. Uh, from Delta you have to. Uh m port. Table. Maybe this is a SQL cell. So. Python. So import, uh, delta table and then maybe create a delta table object. Uh. What data set we are creating people data set. So let's say. People d t equal to delta table dot. For. Name and pass a spark session and then pass the table name. This is the table. Name and you got the people.ht and then use people dot to implement. Restored to, uh, let's say version. And let's say I want to restore to version one. Uh, that's how you can do it in, uh, Python using Delta Table API. Similarly, you have a method for restore to timestamp. Um, you can use both or whatever you want, and you can restore to any other version using Python code. So that's all about, uh, delta table versioning and time travel. Uh, that's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.