Welcome back. In the earlier lecture, we learned that Delta table comes with some type of schema validations in place. It's not very strict in all cases yet, but it comes with some kind of schema validation in place. But how to overcome that? Schema validation limitations. What if we want to add new records with different column names or with additional new columns? What if we want to allow them so how we work with that. That's the idea behind schema evolution. Can we evolve the schema of an existing delta table? Can we do that? That's what we are going to learn in this lecture. So let's start with the uh, some examples I have set up a. Notebook for that as well. And I'll come to schema evolution notebook. Connect my cluster. Uh, before we start doing anything, let's do some cleanup. So we have a clean environment and then I do some setup. So basically what we are trying to do, we are trying to create a people table. It's a delta table. And we are creating that delta table. And we are also inserting some records, um, from a file into the delta table. So my delta table comes with some pre-existing records. I already have a delta table. And the current delta table looks like this. Uh, we have four records. We have three columns. Super simple delta table ID, first name, last name. Now we want to ingest new data into this table. And data comes with schema changes right. Maybe some new columns. Are there some new fields are there. And we know that Delta table comes with some predefined uh schema validations. So it might not allow me to insert data into this table if we get some new fields. Right. But how do we overcome that problem? If I have a requirement to insert new fields into this table and evolve the schema of this table with additional fields, how can we do that? So I have included the schema validation summary here that we learned in the earlier lecture. Uh, so you can go through it. Uh, I have already covered that uh, in the earlier lecture also. But in summary, what we want to understand, there are two approaches for schema evolution. One is manual approach, another one is automatic approach. In the manual approach, uh, we can, uh, evolve the schema of our existing delta table manually. And then. Insert new records or new data set into that table. In Automatic Schema Evolution approach, we configure our project in a way that when new data, new columns are coming in the input, uh, it automatically evolves. The schema, automatically adds new columns into the table, evolves the schema, and then accepts the new data. So let's try to understand the mechanics of both the approaches. So first scenario here is uh, I'm trying to insert into people table uh from this source. And. I have id. F name which is renamed as first name. L name which is renamed as last name and date of birth. But date of birth is a new column. It doesn't exist in the table. Ah, so if I try to insert it. If I try to run this insert statement, it should throw me an error, right? Because we know in the insert into uh, additional columns are not allowed. It will throw a schema mismatch, uh, error. But I have a requirement I want to accept this new column for new records. How can I do it? I have to evolve my, uh, tables schema. How do how can I evolve my table schema manually? One approach is manually schema evolution. Simple. Go alter the table, add new column and then you will be allowed to insert your data. So I'll go alter my table. I'm simply using alter table statement, add columns and I want to add one new column birth date data type is string. So table is modified. And now. I can run my data ingestion pipeline again. Uh, it throwed an error earlier, so if I run it again, it should allow inserting new records. Right. So I've inserted some new records. Fourth column is also inserted because I altered the table. So that's how manual schema evolution works. Uh, what if the new column is in the middle? We saw there is a new column coming up at the end. What if the new column is coming in the middle? So let's say my select statement is like ID first name, uh, last name, date of birth column is already there in my target table, but now there is a phone number column coming in between. So will that work? Uh, I can try running it. It will not work. Uh, because we have. One, two, three, four, five columns now in my ingestion pipeline. But the delta table that I have behind the scene here, my target table has got only four columns. So there is one extra column. Definitely it will throw an, uh, schema validation error. So how can I add one extra column in the middle? That's easy. In spark you have an alter table statement to add columns and give the column name and tell the position maybe after last name. Right. So I want to add an extra column in between before date of birth or after last name so I can alter my table like this. And. I can evolve my schema even to add extra columns in the middle. And once that is done, I can run an ingestion pipeline which will allow me to insert new records. And if you look at your table after ingestion, it should show you all the five columns the phone number column is inserted, added in between before the date of birth or after the last name. I inserted two records and phone number uh is inserted correctly. Existing records will remain. These fields will. The new field will remain null because it wasn't there when I ingested these existing data earlier. So that's how schema evolution works. Uh, manually. So if you are having new columns coming in, you can manually evolve your schema using Alter Table and then rerun your pipelines. Your pipeline initially will fail obviously because of schema validation error. But then you can evolve your schema using manual schema evolution using alter table statements and rerun your pipelines to start ingesting new columns. That's how, uh, manual schema evolution works in spark projects manually. Schema evolution is often preferred. Uh, reason is straightforward. We want to be in control, right? If my source system is sending some new columns, some extra data, I want to be notified with that. If I am notified, I'll go. Evolve my schema, accept the extra data, extra columns, and take a decision on what I want to do with those extra columns. Do we have some business logic related to that? What do we want to do in the processing for those extra columns? Without knowing that, I don't want to silently accept those additional data and do nothing with those fields. Right. So that's why it's manual schema evolution is often preferred for most of the projects or in many scenarios. Many projects would want to prefer that approach so that at least if something is, uh, new is coming, my existing pipeline will break and I'll be notified that it is breaking with schema validation error. Ideally, my source system should tell me in advance that I'm pushing some new fields, but even if they don't tell that in advance, I'll be notified by my pipeline failing with an schema validation error. So that's how manual schema evolution works. But in some projects, some scenarios, some requirements, we want to keep it going. We want to configure it in a way that let new data come in, new fields come in, let my, uh, pipeline automatically evolve the schema and ingest those new fields, new records. And that's all, uh, at least for my raw data ingestion layer. For my bronze layer. Uh, let's ingest the new data and then we will, uh, think about it later. What to do with that data? I don't want my data pipeline to be breaking because some new column is added. So let's ingest it automatically and then we will figure out what to do with that new field. So that is also an approach. And for that uh we can configure automatic schema evolution. So let's prepare for that I'll do cleanup and setup once again. To do some demo for the automatic schema evolution. So let us this go. So now. We are at stage zero where I have a table. Table name is people table. I have three columns ID, first name and last name. Four records are already there. Let's assume I'm ingesting new data which comes with an extra field date of birth. It's an extra field. Uh. In a typical case, uh, if I run this pipeline, it should fail with the schema mismatch detected. But I don't want this pipeline to fail. I want to configure automatic schema evolution so that my table, my existing data table, uh, automatically adds a new column for date of birth and accepts it. Right. So you can configure automatic schema evolution at your session level like this. Uh, just in Databricks, uh, you just set this spark dot Databricks dot delta dot schema, auto merge enabled equal to true. So let me set that configuration. Once this configuration is true your is automatic schema evolution is configured for your entire session. So anything and everything that you do in this session will be going for an automatic schema evolution. So if I run this, uh pipeline in this session, what will happen this pipeline or this ingestion ingestion code will work. And if you want to look at your table, uh, after this, it should have automatically added a new column. Let's run it and we can see the birth date column is automatically added. So what actually happened when I do the automatic schema evolution configuration? Uh, this insert statement will definitely identify that this is uh, there is a new, uh, column coming in, but instead of failing, it will allow that new column and behind the scene automatically my table alter table statement somehow gets executed. Uh, this table is, uh, this column is added in the table and we ingest new table. So that's how automatic schema evolution works. The second scenario is, uh, what if we are adding a new column or we are receiving a new column in the middle? We learned in the manual schema evolution, we can run an alter table statement to add a column in the middle. But how that works in the automatic schema evolution. What happens if automatic schema evolution is enabled? And we got a new column in the middle. So here is the scenario. Uh ID first name, last name. We got a new column in the middle uh, phone number, date of birth we already added here. So if schema is evolved so date of birth column is already there. But I got a new field in the middle. My automatic schema evolution is enabled by default. Right. Uh, I have done that here. So will it work? Let's try that. It throws an error. I found duplicate columns in data to save birth date, and this error is because we are using an insert into statement and we learned that insert into statement behind the scene works by column position, right? Even if you use manual schema evolution or you use automatic schema evolution, the nature of the insert into statement is to match the column by position. So what it is trying first ID that's the first name. Uh, first column, first name. That value goes into the second column. In this table, last name goes into the third column of this table. And phone number goes into the fourth column of this table. And fourth column in this table is birth date. So up to there things are fine. Phone number will try to go into the birth date. Uh, and this birth date will be detected as a new column. And that's why the error is saying that found duplicate columns in the data to save birth date. So due to column position problem or due to uh, column position uh insert into will, either it will not work because of the column matching by position or if at all, it works somehow because the number of columns in the table and uh, your insert statement are same, it will corrupt your data. So even if you are using automatic schema evolution, we recommend that avoid using insert into statements. Uh, for loading data into a target table. We should always prefer data frame append API's that comes with a solid schema validation and schema evolution also works well. In that scenario, we will see that. Uh, but what about the merge? If the same scenario I was, uh, trying with the merge uh, statement where a new column is coming in the middle, uh, will it work? So let's try that ID first column, first name, second column, last name, third column phone number is a new column coming into that. Uh, source and birth date is already there in my, uh, table. We have already evolved the table to have the birth date column. So there is an extra column, but it is in the middle. Will that work? Let's with the merge into. Let's try that. We know that merge into works by column name right. It doesn't matches by position. So if we run that. Merge statement works. And what is the state of the table at the end? If you look at this new column, phone number is added, but at the last, not in the middle. But it doesn't matter as long as we allowed new column coming in the middle to be added. My schema to be automatically evolved. It is fine, right? That's what we want to do. Column is added in the middle or at the end is not that relevant. So merge statement works pretty well. Uh with the automatic schema evolution. Even if column is coming, new columns are coming at the end or it comes in between somewhere. And then, uh, we learned how automatic schema works at the session level. Right. You can set this, uh, configuration and automatic schema evolution is enabled for the entire session. So in that session, if you are inserting data into ten tables, automatic schema evolution is enabled for all ten tables. That might not be the case that you want right? You might not want that automatic schema evolution should be enabled for all table. Maybe you want to be a little selective. So how do we enable automatic schema evolution at the table level. So let's do cleanup and setup once again to understand how things work at the table level. The recommended approach is to use data frame APIs. And that is uh, most uh, preferred approach for various reasons. Reason one you are using Python code so you can parameterize a lot of things. You can write functions, reusable functions, call them from various places, reuse it. And uh, you have a strict schema validation in place on your delta tables while using data frame write operations, uh, using append uh mode. And you can also enable automatic schema evolution at the table level. So with each write operation you can enable uh or decide whether you want automatic schema evolution for this write statement or not. So that's the idea. So let's try one scenario a new column at the end. So let's say I, uh, have this table there are three columns, uh, four records already there. And I am reading new data set, uh, from people, two dot Json file, uh, and the schema in the file is like this id fname lname and DOB. Right. That's the schema inside the file. So I have defined that schema and using that schema while reading the data frame. So I read it correctly up to here. It's all about reading data from the source. But my goal is to insert this new record. Whatever I am reading from this, uh, table into my target table, which is people table. It's a delta table. I want to insert my, uh, data here. And I know a delta table comes with three fields. Field name is ID first name, last name. So as a best practice, I should always rename my columns in the source, uh, to match it with the. Column names in my target table, so I'm using two DF to rename my columns. First column I want it to become ID. Second column I want to become first name. It was F name in the source, and third column I want to become it as last name. It was El name in the source and last column, which is a new column. I want to become this as, uh, birth date. It is DOB in the target. So what I want I want to insert this, uh, data frame into my existing table. I know there are three fields. I want, uh, to automatically evolve the schema if I'm getting fourth field also. And the fourth field name should be birth date, so I'm prepared for that. And finally, what you can do you can use this data frame right format delta mode append and save as table into an existing table. And it should insert a record into that table. But since I want automatic schema evolution I can use this option. So option merge schema equal to true. And it will allow you to automatically evolve the schema if you are receiving some new tables. So let's run this. And we know that this is working at this table level, not even the table level at this insert level right at this. Right. So I have full flexibility if I want to implement automatic schema evolution for this write statement, I can use this option if I want to go with the manual schema evolution approach I can avoid using this option. And it worked. So if you go and check your table, uh, you should have got the birth date column added and data should be available, right? We have the new column and new records has got the birth date. Old records are still null for the birth date column. And that's what happens if you receive new data with new column and accommodate that new data into same existing table. What if column is coming in the middle. So same same scenario, similar code setup I have done here where we know that phone number is coming in the middle. Uh, so I am preparing this data frame reading data from people three dot Json I have 12345 fields in the table. We already have four fields. But there is a phone number column, new column coming in between in my source. Will that work with an automatic schema evolution? Let's see. Uh, I have enabled merge schema. True. And let's see if this code allows me to automatically evolve this schema. So it worked without error. If we look at the table, uh, new column phone number is added, not in the middle but at the end. But it, uh, worked pretty well, right? Birth date is inserted into birth date, and phone number is inserted into, uh, phone number, and data is going in, uh, pretty much where I wanted to, wanted it to go. So that's. What about the schema validation and schema evolution? It's a complex topic. Things are not, uh, standard everywhere, but we have the options. We have the options where your schema is validated and you can get an error, or you can get it notified that something new is coming. You want to accommodate it now and then for accommodating that new fields you have two options. Go for manual schema evolution. Or you can go for an automatic schema evolution. And in that uh, all which is allowed is to ingest new fields, new columns into your, uh, target table. If data type is evolving, for example, a string field is changing into timestamp field now, right. That kind of evolution is rare, right? When you designed when you started ingesting one field, uh, you come up with the data type at that time, evolving data type or changing data type for an existing column is a rare scenario. It doesn't often happens in real life. Uh, and that kind of evolution is not allowed in spark. You cannot do it using manual evolution. You cannot do it using automatic evolution. You cannot alter a table either manually or automatically changing data type of a column. There is no solution for that, if at all. You have a requirement just in case. It rarely happens, but if at all you have a requirement, you have to build a custom solution. You have to come up with the logic. There are various approaches. Maybe you create a new table with a new data type column data type. Move data from this table to a the new table from the old table to new table. Uh, migrate your data right with all the existing data field columns translated into the new data type. Or maybe you add a new column in the same table, a new column with the new data type. For example, let's say birth date was a string earlier. Now you want to evolve it to, uh, date field. So maybe you can add one more birth date one column or birth date, underscore date column in the same table and start ingesting new records with date type uh data type for birth into that column. Existing records that new column value will be null, and later you can work out a solution where you migrate the old birth date column to a new birth date column with a custom code. And once that migration is successfully completed, you can drop or delete the old birth date column. So for data type evolution, we will always have to work with some custom solution. Take a custom approach. But if you are receiving new columns that's pretty much straight. You can evolve your tables either manually or automatically and start accepting, uh, new data type. But schema evolution is a complex area. It will need to be very careful, very cautious, and design the solution. Uh, with extra care. That's all for, uh, schema validation and schema evolution in delta tables. I'll see you in the next lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.