Welcome Back. In the earlier video, I talked about the three steps of setting up your Spark development environment and also finished implementing the first step. In this video, we are going to complete the second step. The second step is needed if you are using Python language for Spark programming. However, if you are using Java or Scala, this step is not mandatory. But it is always good to have this done. So, let's start. The first thing is to get the Spark Binaries. You can download the Spark binaries from spark.apache.org. Click the download link, and it will take you to the download page. Here we are. You can download the Spark selecting two things. Spark Version and Package Type I am interested in the Spark 3.0, so I am going to download the Spark 3 binaries. And you can see the package type here. This Hadoop version should match with your Hadoop WinUtils. I am going to download it for Hadoop 2.7, and that is why I took the Hadoop 2.7 for my winutils. Make Sense? Let's download the binaries. Here it is. Now, I am going to Un-compress the downloaded file, and you should get a tar file. Now you need to extract the tar file, and you should get a Spark 3.0 directory. Let me rename it as Spark3. This renaming is not necessary, but I feel convenient with small directory names. The download folder is not the right place to keep the Spark binaries. So, I am going to copy this and place it to a safer location. Here it is. Good. Now let's look into the content of the directory. The bin folder is the place where all your Spark command-line tools are included. You will see two versions of every command. The first one is a shell script,ย and the other one is a CMD file. I will be using windows laptop, so I am going to use the cmd files. However, you can use shell scripts on Linux and Mac machines in the same manner. There are other directories as well. But let's not worry about them at this stage. Great! The first part of installing Spark binaries are over. Before you start using Apache Spark, you must set some environment variables and modify some configuration files. Here is the list. Let's do it one by one. The first thing is to set the SPARK_HOME. What is my Spark Home? The absolute path of the spark3 folder. Right? Let me set the SPARK_HOME. Done. I also want to add the bin folder of the spark home to my PATH. Let me do it. Great. I am done with the first item. Let's do the next one. If you are using Python, then you must provide your python installation details to Spark. Spark binaries do not include Python. So, you should have already installed Python on your machine and configure the PYSPARK_PYTHON environment variable to establish the relation. I installed the Anaconda platform on my system. You can also get Anaconda from the following URL and install it. I recommend using Anaconda. However, you can have any other Python distribution, but make sure you have Python 3.7 or above. Some older versions of Python are also supported, but the recommendation is to use Python 3.7 or above. Once you have Python installation, you need to find the python.exe on your machine. I am using Anaconda. So, let me try finding my python.exe. Search for Anaconda and open the file location. Here is the shortcut. But this is not what I am looking for. Let me go to my user directory. . Here is my Anaconda3 home I will get inside and here it is. So this directory location \ python becomes my PYSPARK_PYTHON. Let me copy it and set the environment variable. Done. We are done with the second environment variable as well. Let's move on to the third one. The PYTHONPATH is an environment variable which you can set to add additional directories where Python will look for modules and packages. So, this variable should point to the following things. The first one is the Python directory in your Spark home. Let me show you. Here it is. The second one is the py4j source bundle. And this is found in your Spark-home-python-lib. Let me show this as well. Here it is. Both of these should be added to your PYTHONPATH environment variable. Let me do it. Great! We fulfilled the third requirement. The next one is the log4j properties. Spark gives you a template for the log4j. You will find it in the spark-home-conf directory. Here it is. All we need to do is to rename it and remove the dot-template extension. The default file is good enough. However, I recommend making a small change. Open the file and change the root level to WARN. That's all. This small change will disable the INFO messages and show you only Warnings and Errors. Save the file, and you are done. The next one is spark-defaults.conf. I am not going to make any changes to this file at this stage. However, we will be using it in the following lectures. However, at this stage, let's rename this file to remove the dot-template extension. That's all. We are done. Now its time to test the setup. Start the command window, and you can run the spark-shell command line. Spark-shell should start smoothly. You might see some warnings about the illegal reflective access. This comes if you are using Java 9 or above. However, nothing to worry much, and you can ignore this warning. You might also see the ProcfsMetricsGetter throwing a warning. Just press the enter key, and you can ignore this one too. So we started spark-shell, and that one is your Scala REPL. Similarly, you can also start pyspark. Go to the command line and type the pyspark. You will see a similar screen coming up there as well. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.