Welcome Back. This video will help you in Installing and working with Apache Spark on a Mac machine. You can follow along with me, and by the end of the video, you will have a clear understanding of installing and working with Apache Spark on your Mac laptop. So let's begin. Apache Spark needs JDK 8 or JDK 11. So the first step is to make sure you have a JDK and JAVA_HOME configured on your system. Let me start a terminal and check if I already have a JDK. You can use Java -version command to check it. I don't have any. That's not a problem. I will install it in a minute. However, let me show you a scenario where you already have a JDK. If you already have a JDK preinstalled, you will see an output like this. Check your JDK version and make sure you have JDK 8 or JDK 11. Other versions of JDK are not recommended for Apache Spark. Now the next question is this? What if you already have a JDK other than 8 or 11? You can remove it and do a fresh install. By default, Java on Mac is installed in the Library. Let me show you. Here it is. So this directory is my JDK home directory. If you do not see it here, you can also try the java home command. Let me show you. So the usr/libexec/java_home will show you your Java installation directory. If you already have JDK 8 or 11, then you do not need to worry. You are already set with the JDK. If you have an older version of JDK, you must remove it and do a fresh install. If you want to uninstall your JDK, you must delete this directory and all of its subdirectories. You can use sudo rm -rf command to delete it. Make sense? Great! Now let's come to the situation where you do not have a JDK. Here it is. So I do not have JDK, or I removed my default JDK, and now I want to install it. The easiest method to install JDK is to use the brew install command. I hope you already have a homebrew. If not, you can get it from https://brew.sh/. Here it is. You can get Homebrew from here. Copy this command and execute it on your terminal. That's all. Great! Let me install JDK11 using the brew install. The brew install will bring JDK to the usr/local/Cellar directory. Let me show you. This is where the brew installations are placed. If you want to remove your JDK, which you installed using brew, you can remove it using brew remove java11. This is just the opposite to be install. Right? Great! So I installed java 11. Let me check the java version once again. Oops! I still don't get it. Nothing to worry about. Let me set the JAVA HOME environment variable, and it should start working. Here is the command. Good, now let me check it once. It works. Right? Now I also want to place this export command in my startup script, so I always get the JAVA HOME set every time I start a terminal. But what is my startup script? Let me show you. My Mac is using zsh, and hence my startup script is the .zshrc file. If your Mac is still using bash, then you may see .profile or .bash_profile or may be .bashrc. Knowing your startup script and placing the export command in the correct file is essential. In my case, it is .zshrc, so let me do it. That's all. Done. Let me close my terminal and start it once again. Good. Now I will check it once again to ensure that my Java home still works after the restart. Great! It is working. We are done with the Java and Java home. One last thing before we move on to the next step! If you installed JDK using the brew command, your java home should point to the usr/local/Cellar like we just configured. However, if you have a pre-installed java 8 or java 11, your java home environment variable should point to the Library path. Let me show that also. Here it is. I am assuming that you will use the preinstalled JDK, which is installed in the Library, as shown here. Now you want to set up the JAVA HOME environment variable. Let me do it. Here is the command. Be careful with this backtick. These are not single quote characters. These are backtick characters. The backtick is a command substitution technique on Linux and Mac machines. Let me check my java home. Here it is. You should also place this export command in your startup scripts. Right? We already learned it but let me show you once again. My startup file is the .zshrc, so I will place it there. Done. Great! So we are all set with the Java installation, and we also configured the Java home environment variable. Now we are ready to download and install Apache Spark. Go to the Spark website and download the most recent version of Apache Spark. Here it is. You should get a tar file. We need to untar this file. Let me start a terminal. The file should be there in the Downloads directory. Here it is. I do not want to untar it here. So let me make a new directory. Move the tar file to my new directory. Go to the directory and untar the file. Here is the command. Done. Let me check. So I have a new directory here. You can now delete your tar file and keep this directory only. This directory is your spark home. So, you must set the spark home environment variable. Let me do it. Check it once. Looks fine. Right? Now we want to place this ex-post command also in the startup file. Let me do it. Done. That's all. Installing Spark is super simple. But before you try to start the Spark on your machine, you should also set the PATH environment variable to include the spark binaries. Let me do it. Let me check my current PATH environment variable. Here it is. Now I want to add the Spark-home-bin also to this list. Let me do it. Here is the command. You should place this one also in your startup script. Let me do it. Great! We are now all set to start the Spark. You can start spark-shell. Great! It is working. You can quit the spark-shell using:q Python developers can also start a pyspark shell. But my pyspark is using python 2.7, which is not recommended. You should be using Python3. I can fix this issue. Let me quit. You can quit the pyspark shell using Ctrl+d. Check if you have python3. I already have it. Any version of python3 should work. If you do not already have python3, you can use the brew command to install python3 on your machine. Once you have python3 working, you need to set a PYSPARK_PYTHON environment variable to point to the python3. Let me do it. That's all. But you should also place this export command in your startup script. I am not showing it here, but you should do it right now. Great! Now let's start pyspark once again and see if it is using python 3. Great! It does. Good. So we are done setting up and running Apache Spark on your Mac machine. Let me quickly summarize it. You need JDK 8 or 11 for Spark. Check your Java installation and make sure you are using the correct version of Java. You also need to ensure that the JAva some environment variable is set, and it is correctly pointing to your Java installation. The next step is to download and untar the spark binaries. You also need to set the SPARk home environment variable. Finally, add the spark home-bin to your PATH environment variable, and you are ready to start the spark-shell. Python users should also set up the PYSPARK_PYTHON environment variable to point to the python3 binary. And that's all. You are ready to start spark-shell and pyspark shell on your Mac machine. In the next video, I will show you how to use your Spark development IDE on the Mac machine. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep growing.