Welcome back. This video will help you run spark programs from your IDE for Mac users. However, you must already have Spark installed and configured to your Mac machine. We covered that in an earlier video. This video is the next step following the previous one. Let's begin. I will be using the PyCharm IDE community edition for this demo, and I am assuming you already have PyCharm installed on your Mac machine. You will also need a working example project for running and testing the setup. We will learn to create Spark programs in the coming videos but for now, let me use a working example. All the source code and examples of this course are available in a public GitHub repository. Let me show you. Here it is. You can download the entire repository at once. Here it came. Now expand this download, copy the first example directory, and paste it into your working directory. Here is my Hello Spark example. We will be loading this example using the PyCharm IDE and run it from the IDE. Let do it. Star your PyCharm IDE and click the open button. Browse through the directories and select the Hello Spark directory and open it. Wait for the PyCharm to load it. Your IDE will try to configure a Python Interpreter environment for you. However, in most cases, PyCharm will incorrectly configure it or fail to configure it thoroughly. We need to fix it. Go to the preferences and look for your project name. Select the interpreter. Here it is. For me, it shows Python 3.8, but it also shows it in red color. For you, it might reach a different situation. Whatever it is, set it to no interpreter and then start configuring a new one. You can set up your interpreter in a variety of ways. If you installed Anaconda on your machine, you could use a conda virtual environment for configuring your interpreter. Most of the other course videos will be using conda environment on my windows machine. However, I do not have Anaconda on my mac machine so let me use the VirtualEnv for this demo. You have some other methods, as shown here. All of these are good, and they work in the same way. You can use any of these. But let me use the VirtualEnv. Change the directory location. I want to reuse the same VirtualEnv for all other projects so let me keep it somewhere outside of my current example directory. From the next project onwards, you can check this existing environment option and reuse VirtualEnv for other projects. Make sure you have Python3 and also switch-on these options. Click OK, and the IDE will create a Python3 Virtual environment for you. You have these things included in your environment, but this is not enough. We also need to add PySpark dependency to the project. Let me do it. Select your PySpark version. Let me take the latest one. Hit the install button and wait for a minute. You should see Pyspark and Py4J included in your environment. That all. We are now ready to run the example. Open the HelloSpark.py and try running it. Oops! I got this error. Nothing to worry about. This example needs a data file from the command line. I have included the data file here in the example. Let me set the program argument. That's all. Try running it once again. It worked. However, you will see this entry here. Using Spark's default Log4j profile. In this example, I have included my own log4j properties file, and I want Spark to pick up my log4j configurations. However, my example is currently picking some defaults. How to fix it? That is simple. Go to the run configuration and check if your IDE has got the Spark Home environment variable. Here it is. This looks the same that I configure in the earlier video. Remember? We configured Spark home. Right? Let me copy it, and then I will start a terminal. Go to your Spark Home. You will see a bunch of directories in your spark home. We are interested in the conf directory. Let me go there. Your conf directory should have the Spark defaults conf template file. Rename this file to remove the template extension from it. Done. Now let me open this file. This is the place where we can set some Spark configurations. I will explain about the spark configs and many other places for setting up your Spark configurations. But for now, let me place some configs here to ensure I get my project-specific log4j working. I kept the configs in the GitHub repository. Let me show you. Here it is. You should copy-paste it from here to avoid mistakes. That's all. Save the spark-defaults, and you are now ready to try running your example once again. Now you can see this INFO message coming from my application. You will also see this app-log directory created by the application. You will see a log file and some application log entries in the file. That's all. My IDE is now fully configured to run this and many other similar examples. This example also comes with a unit test case. You can open the test case and run it. I have two test cases, and my IDE sho that two test cases are passed. Great! This all could be overwhelming for now, and you might feel that a lot of internal things and some concepts are not explained. But nothing to worry about. The main objective of this video is to help you set up your system. I will develop this example and many more examples from scratch and explain everything in more detail as we progress with the course. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep growing.