Welcome Back. In the earlier lecture, I gave you an initial sense of stream processing. I hope you realized the fact that the notion of stream processing starts with the idea of reducing the duration between the batches. One natural approach to achieve stream processing is to reduce the batch size to a few seconds. However, that's not an easy goal. Why? Because smaller batches will exaggerate a bunch of existing problems. Other than those problems, a stream processing requirement will need some additional facilities as well. In fact, Spark also took the same approach to start offering stream processing. Spark introduced the idea of micro-batch stream processing. In this approach, we collect data for a short duration and then process it as a micro-batch. Then we loop again and process the next batch. So Spark also takes the same approach of reducing the batch duration. But to simplify our life and address other problems, Spark Streaming API takes care of the following. Automatic looping between the batches. Maintaining the batch start and end positions. Storing and managing intermediate state. Combining results to the previous batch results. Restarting from the same place in case of failure. In the beginning, Spark offered all this and many other features using Spark Streaming APIs that are also known as Spark DStream APIs. These DStream APIs were built on top of Spark RDD APIs. However, over a while, Spark evolved, and the DSTream APIs were left behind with the following limitations. Spark moved to Dataframe APIs, and RDD APIs are now not recommended for use. The DStream APIs were based on RDD APIs, and the Spark project wanted to migrate to the latest Dataframe APIs. DStream APIs were directly based on RDD APIs, so they could not take advantage of Spark SQL Engine and its optimations. DStream APIs only supported processing time schematics, and they did not have native support for the event time semantics. You might not understand this point for now, but nothing to worry about. I will talk more about the time schematics in the following lecture. For these three main disadvantages, the Spark project decided to retire the DStream APIs and recreated a brand new Stream Processing API set built on top of the Spark Dataframe APIs. The new API is now known as Spark Structured Streaming API. They are designed to offer the following advantages over the DStream. Structured streaming offers a unified model for batch and stream processing. That means you can use the same Dataframe transformations or even Spark SQL for solving your stream processing problems. Structured streaming runs over the Spark SQL engine, and hence, it can automatically take advantage of SQL optimizations. The new API also has native support for even time schematics. Spark RDD APIs, DStream APIs, and even the Spark ML/Lib based on RDD APIs are now being deprecated. Everything in Spark is upgraded to follow the unified structure offered by Dataframe APIs and the Spark SQL engine. In this course, we will focus on the modern Structured Streaming APIs, and we will not even talk about the outdated DStream APIs. Great! That's all for this video, and we will start creating Streaming applications from the next video. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.