Welcome Back. In the earlier video, we created an example to read data from a Kafka source. We applied some transformations and saved the outcome to a file sink. In this video, we will create a brand new example to read data from the Kafka cluster, perform some transformations, and write it back to the Kafka cluster. So, let's start. Let me define a simple problem statement. You are working for a retail organization. Your team has already built a data collection pipeline to bring all the invoices to a Kafka cluster. So, all your invoices are coming to the Kafka cluster. Now you are asked to create a Spark stream processing application to achieve the following. Read all the invoices from the Kafka Cluster. Extract necessary information from the Invoice record and create a notification record for the customer. The notification records look like this. It is s JSON record which shows only three fields. CustomerCardNo TotalAmount for the current invoice and the Loyalty Points that customer has earned on the current invoice. Finally, send the notification invoice to a Kafka topic. That's all. You are done. However, we have one more small requirement. Kafka topic receives data as a Key/Value pair. Right? So the requirement is to send the invoice number as a key, and the notification record goes as the value. Make Sense? A separate team will create a new application to read these notification records from the Kafka topic and send an SMS to the customer. How will you go about it? We already learned half of the things. You learned to read data from the Kafka topic, give it a schema, and transform the invoice record to the desired format. All that is simple because you already learned to do similar things. Right? Let me show you the rest of the things. Here is my example project. I have got you some sample invoices in this file to test your application. I also have these scripts to start the Kafka cluster, create input and output topics, run a producer and a consumer. And here is the starter application code. I already have some code to do the following things. Create a Spark session. Define the invoice schema. Read a stream from the Kafka topic. Finally, I am extracting the value field from the Kafka record, and converting it to a Dataframe with a proper schema. Up to this point, everything is the same as we learned in the earlier video. Right? Now, all we need to do is transform this value Dataframe to a notification Dataframe and send it to Kafka. But before I proceed further, I want to see this value Dataframe. We can print the schema of this Dataframe as we did in the earlier video. However, I do not want to look at the schema only. I want to look at the values also. Let me try showing this Dataframe. Can I run it? Oops! I got an AnalysisException - Queries with streaming sources must be executed with writeStream.start() So, you cannot show a streaming Dataframe. That's not a big problem. However, developing a series of transformations could be complicated, and you might want to take a step by step approach. I mean, apply some transformation and show your Dataframe to see if you are doing it correctly. Then you apply the next transformation and see the results once again. Right? I want to take that approach, and I am sure you will also need it. But how do we do it with a streaming Dataframe? It does not allow you to show your Dataframe. Here is the trick. Change the readStream to a plain read. The read method is a batch processing equivalent of the readStream. Now this kafka_df and all other subsequent Dataframes such as velue_df is no longer a streaming Dataframe. You are still reading data from the Kafka topic. But now it is not going to loop into micro-batches. You will read it once, do these transformations and stop. That's all. But as a side effect, you will be able to show() your dataframe and debug your application. Once you are done with your transformations, you can simply change it to readStream. Everything else remains the same. Make sense? Great! So let me do one more transformation, and then I will check my Dataframe. So, I will start with the velue_df and apply the select() method. As per the requirement, I need only five fields. The first one is the value.InvoiceNumber. Then we have value.CustomerCardNo and TotalAmount. But we also need the Loyalty Points. The Loyalty points are 20% of the total amount. So, we can use the withColumn() to add a new field for the loyalty points. Make sense? You already learned all this in Spark fundamentals. Right? Now let me show this Dataframe. I want to make sure that I have done things correctly to this point. So, let me start the Kafka cluster, create a topic, start the producer, and send at least one record. Now I can run the application. Great! Looks like I am doing good. Isn't it? So now we have the notification record. All we need to do is to create a Kafka sink and send it. That should be simple. Let me change this read to the readStream. Now, I am ready to create a sink query and start it. Here is the writer query. Let me explain. We start with the notification Dataframe and use the writeStream. I am giving a name to the query. The format is Kafka, and I am also providing connection details and the topic name. The output behavior is insert-only, so I am applying the append mode. We also need to give the checkpoint location and finally start the query. This all looks similar to the file sink. Right? The only difference is in the format and these two options. Looks like we are done. However, there is a small gotcha. This query is not going to work. Why? Because the Kafka accepts a key/value pair. And my notification Dataframe is not a key/value pair. The notification dataframe has got four fields like this. I showed you. Right? We cannot send it as it is, and even Spark will not allow you to send it to Kafka. So what can we do? We must transform the notification Dataframe to the following structure. So, if you want to send a Dataframe to Kafka, it must have two columns named as key and value. And you should also serialize your key and value to an appropriate format. We want to send the key as a string and the value as a JSON record. So we must transform the notification Dataframe to comply with the key/value schema. Let's do it. So I am going to create a Kafka target Dataframe. Start with the notification Dataframe and use the selectExpr() method. My first column should be InvoiceNumber renamed as key. The second column is a JSON record. Right? So you can use the to_json() function. Spark also gives you a named_struct() function. This function allows you to create a struct with the given field names and values. So, what do we want? The first field name should be CustomerCardNo, and the value comes from CustomerCardNo field. Similarly, the second field should be TotalAmount, and value also comes from the TotalAmount. The last name is the EarnedLoyaltyPoints, and the value is coming as 20% of the TotalAmount. Finally, we give an alias to this thing as value. That's all. Now, this Dataframe should look like this. If you want, you can use the show() method and check it. Now we can change this Dataframe from notification to the KafkaTargetDF. Make Sense? That's all. We are done. Let me start the Kafka cluster. Start the producer and send at least one input. Now run the application. Looks like working. You can start the consumer and check the target topic. Send one more input, come back to the consumer, and you will see another notification record. Great! So we learned to create a Kafka sink. Right? The only point to remember is to make sure that you are transforming your target Dataframe to a key/value pair. And rest is the same as the file sink. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.