Welcome Back. We learned to interact with Kafka as a source and also as a sink. Now you should be confident to read a stream from Kafka, transform it in real-time, and finally sink your output to Apache Kafka. Kafka works on a key/value pair. So when you read data from kafka, you will get a record with the following schema. Similarly, when you want to send the record to Kafka, you should create a Dataframe of a similar type. But everything except key and value is optional. In fact, we do not specify anything else except key and value in most of the cases. The rest of the fields are automatically filled by the Spark Kafka sink API, and that's perfectly fine. I am showing this schema here to help you realize the key and value fields' data type. The key, as well as the value column in Kafka record, is of binary type. So, when you are reading Kafka records, you must know the actual type of your key and value. If you know the types, you can easily deserialize them. Let me explain this. We have three common and popular types to use in Apache Kafka. String/CSV JSON and AVRO We already used examples of JSON. Let me show you once again. In this example, the value field comes as binary. But we know that the actual type is a JSON string. The JSON is also a string. Right? So we cast the value field to a String. Now I have a string. However, this string is not enough for us. We know it is a JSON, so we want to deserialize the JSON also. Spark gives you the from_json() function for doing this. What if it was a CSV instead of a JSON? Possible? Yes, it is possible. You might get a CSV string in the Value field. Right? Nothing to worry! Spark gives you a from_csv() function to deserialize a CSV. The from_csv() method works, in the same way, we used the from_json(). The from_csv() function also takes two arguments. The first argument is the value, and the second one is the schema. But what if it was an AVRO record? AVRO is also a standard message format with Kafka. The main idea is the same. Spark offers a from_avro() function also. However, using from_avro() requires some more details. So, I will create one example to show you the mechanics of using AVRO records from Apache Kafka. Great! So all this discussion on deserializing your Kafka records was on the reading side. I mean, when you read data from Kafka, you will use one of the following methods to deserialize your key/value. If your key/value is a plain string, you can cast it to a string that should be enough. If you received a JSON or CSV, you should cast it as a string and use from_json() or the from_csv() function. But if you received an AVRO record, you should be using from_avro() function. Casing an Avro to a string is incorrect. You should not be doing it. However, we also have a writing side of Kafka interaction. How do you write your Dataframe to Kafka in CSV, JSON, and AVRO formats? We already implemented writing a JSON record to Kafka. Right? Let me show you once again. Here it is. So you can use to_json() function to create a JSON value from your Dataframe. The to_json() function alone is not enough. We often need another function such as struct() or named_struct(). The struct(), and the named_struct() are used to create a Dataframe structure. The outcome is again used by the to_json for generating a JSON string. The struct() method takes a list of selected columns. Whereas, the named_struct() allows you to rename the selected columns. We have already done all this, and I hope you learned to serialize your Dataframe to JSON and send the JSON values to Kafka. Right? What if you want to send your Dataframe as CSV value. Nothing to worry. You also have a to_csv() function. The to_csv() works in the same way we used the to_json() function. No other difference at all. What about AVRO? You have a to_avro() function for doing that. I will show you an example of Avro. But I am skipping examples for CSV because they work the same way as JSON. Great! We learned some theory about serializing and deserializing Kafka records. We already learned to work with JSON. In the next two videos, I will create examples for writing an AVRO record to Kafka, and then we will be reading the same Avro record from Kafka. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.