Welcome back. In this lecture I will give you an introduction to joins in Apache Spar. So let's start. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to chapter seven assignment data preparation. This is the notebook that I'll be using to help you understand what are the different joint types available in Apache Spark. And we will also prepare some data set which we can use to experiment and learn and do and hands on activity to understand these joint types in Apache Spark data frame. So let's quickly look at the list spark supports as on date eight. Types of joins. Most of these are also supported in any relational database. Same idea comes here or same idea is extended by Apache Spark. Also Apache Spark DataFrame APIs as well as spark SQL. Both supports these eight types of join. I'm assuming that you already know SQL so you understand the joins. What is the purpose of join? When to use joins and what are the different types of joins? But just to recall all that knowledge, I have listed all eight types of joins here. Inner join, which returns only the rows that have matching values on both the sides. When we say both sides, I am talking about two tables. One table on the left side of the join and other table is on the right side of the join. So inner join returns only the rows that have matching values on both the sides. Outer joins take values from either one side or from the both sides. So outer joins are basically categorized or subcategorized into three categories left, right and full left. Outer join returns all rows from the left side and matching rows from the right side. Right outer join returns all rows from the right side and matching rows from the left side and full outer join. Returns all matching and non-matching rows from both the sides. There is one more join. Natural join. Natural join automatically creates join criteria on the same column names, and it applies to inner and outer both. So you can have inner join as natural join or outer joins as natural join. Then we have cross join. Cross join will join two tables without any join criteria and create all possible combinations. Self-join is a simple join. When we join a table with itself so Self-join can be further inner join, outer join, or cross join. The only difference is both the tables in the self-join are the same table. Semi join take records from the left side when it matches with the right side. That sounds similar. Right. Similar to left left. Join says returns all rows from the left side and matching rows from the right side. But semi join is similar in returning rows from the left side, but it does not return rows from the right side. It simply checks a condition. If the record is found in the right side, then return the records from the left side. So that's how it is different. Take records from the left side when it matches with the right side, but do not return anything from the right side. Antijoin is opposite to semi join. Take records from the left side when it does not match with the right side semi join will take when it matches with the right side and anti join will take when it does not match with the right side. Semi and anti join are also known as left semi join or left anti join. There is no right semi join or right anti join supported in spark. There is a workaround to do right semi join but technically it is left semi join and left anti join only lateral join is a little more complex. We will learn about it. Each row from the driving table is used to sub query the derived table. So there is one driving table. You can think of it as a left table and right table is the derived table. So lateral join will query the derived table using some values in the driving table. So we will learn about this also with examples. And it will make more sense. So these are the different joint types. And in this chapter we will learn examples of all these how to implement them and also understand how the result comes. But for doing joint operations we will need two three tables. So for that purpose I have created a data model here. So I want to give you an assignment to load data from these files and create the respective table. Load data from facilities CSV and create facilities table load data from members CSV and create the members table. Similarly bookings to bookings table for your understanding. I have also provided a pictorial diagram of the data model. This is your facilities table. These are the fields members table. These are the fields bookings table. These are the fields and these are related. So facilities table has a key facility ID, which is related with the bookings in the facility. ID and members table has got a key called member ID, which is also related to the member ID in the bookings. And these three tables represent a club where there are facilities like they have lawns, they have party halls, they have pool tables. And uh, there are members of that club. Members can make bookings for the facilities and bookings can be made in slots. And each slot has a start time. So let's say start time 11 a.m. on some date. And member can book one slot two slot three slot. Each slot has a fixed duration. So let's say one hour so they can book three slots if they need it for three hours. So that's the business understanding of the data model And data is provided to you. You are supposed to read data from the files and load it into tables. You already learned all that how to do that, so I hope you will be able to do. But I have also provided the code here. So if you struggle somewhere, I recommend you can look at the code and see how we have done it. Even if you don't want to do it yourself, I recommend that you open this notebook and run all once so that data is loaded, write code is written, it will execute and all the three tables will be created. Do this before you move to the next lecture, and you will have the data ready. And we will start learning different types of joins in Apache Spark. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.