Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn the mechanics of implementing inner joins in Apache Spark DataFrame APIs. So let's start. So here I am in my dev environment. Let's go to chapter seven and Inner Joins. This is the notebook we will be using to learn and experiment with the inner join. So I hope before coming to this lecture you have executed the data load notebook in the previous lecture. And you have three tables created with the data which are required for this exercise. So assuming that you have done that let's look at the problem statement here. We have a question here. Prepare a facility bookings reporting data set as the following. So we learned that we have a facility management or a club data set with three tables, members, facilities and bookings. And the requirement is to prepare a facility bookings reporting data set as the following. So these fields we need member ID, first name, last name, facility ID slots and start time. We know that member ID is available in the members table. First name last name. These three fields are coming from the members table. Facility ID and slots can be found in the bookings table. Even start time can be found in the bookings table. So the data that we need is coming from two different tables or from two different data sets, members and facilities, and we need to combine them based on the relationship and present it as a single data set. And these kind of requirements often need. Joining two tables or two data sets to prepare your desired report or desired data set. We have a few more requirements here. The report must meet the following criteria. Facility bookings made by a person whose last name is Smith. So we are not interested in facility bookings or all facility bookings. We are only interested in the facility bookings made by one person whose last name is Smith, or maybe multiple persons with different first names, but last name is Smith. Then he has booked more than five slots in a single booking, so we are interested in only those bookings by a person having a last name. Smith, where he has booked at least five slots and report should be sorted by first name of member in the ascending order and number of slots in the descending order. So this is a sorting requirement. So we can fulfill it. Once we have the report, if you were sitting to do it in SQL how would you do it. So let's try answering this question or preparing this report in SQL. Right. So what we will need we will need uh let's start with some kind of select star. Right. And uh, we can say form. And we already know that we have to combine two tables or data from two different tables here. So let's pick up the first table. And uh table is in dev dot. Spark DB. And let's pick up bookings. We will need bookings. And we also need to pick up the members table so we can do a join. And we want to use inner join because we want to look at the bookings only if it has a valid member or booking is made by a valid member. Right. So we need a record which exists in bookings and also exist in members. Right. It should be on the both side of the join. So I can do a inner join here. I have a inner join requirement so I can do a inner join here. And the second table is dev dot spark db dot members. Right. But with the join I have to specify a join condition on which column or which key. We want to compare these two tables. Right. We want all the records from the bookings if it is made by a valid member. So we have to combine or join these two. And join condition can be given as on and after on. I need to know what is the join criteria or join expression, which are the columns that should be equal or have some kind of relationship in these two tables. So we know member ID is here and member ID is here. This is having a member ID as a key. And this table also have a member ID to represent which member has made the booking. So I need to pick up member ID from both the tables. But how do I specify member ID from bookings and member ID from members? Either I pick up this entire thing right member dot. Member id equal to. Bookings. ID like that I can specify the criteria, or we already learned that SQL gives us an aliasing capability. So I can simply say as alias or as B. So this table can be referenced with a short name B and this table can be referenced with short name m. And once I do that, I don't have to specify all these long things. I can simply say m dot member id and instead of uh, bookings I can simply say b dot member ID and that gives me a join, right? So we should have a data combined from both the tables if they match on the member ID. There were some other conditions like uh, facility booking made by a person whose last name is Smith, so we can put a filter condition where m last name equal to Smith, right? And m dot not m b because slots in the booking B dot slots is greater than five. So that was the condition here. Facility booking made by a person whose last name is Smith and number of slots are more than five. Then we have a reporting requirement to sort report should be sorted by first name in ascending and uh slots in descending. So I can do order by order by first name is in member. So m dot first name and it should be in ascending. Right. So I can say a s c ascending and booking dot dots. In descending right. We are done with framing the data. Now we need to specify what all we need right. So we need member ID first name last name. So instead of selecting everything we can take member ID first name, last name, member ID is available in members. And it is also available in bookings. So from where should I take I want to take it from the main table which is member ID, because member ID represents a member and we should take it from the members table. Then m dot first name and then m dot last name. What else we wanted? We wanted facility ID slots and start time. So these things are in B or bookings. So facility ID then B dot plots and then B dot start time. And if I run that I should get my desired result. So we got 17 records here. All our last name is Smith Darren Jack Tracy. There are multiple Smiths here and slots are more than five. They are sorted in slots in descending order and first name in ascending order. That's what we wanted and we got the result. But for framing a join query, there are multiple components or the parts within the query that we need to use, right? The first important consideration is the joint expression. How do you define the joint expression or what is your joint expression. So in this SQL join expression is this right. Whatever we give in the on class is the join expression. So for doing a join we must know what is the join expression. And then we have to decide what is the joint type. So here the joint type is inner join. As per my requirement I needed inner join. So my joint type is inner join. And after that there is one more specific problem with the joins and that is known as column name ambiguity. We know that the member ID is also available in the bookings, and member ID is also available in the members table. So if I simply say member ID like this my database engine or spark, SQL Engine or Spark engine will not be able to identify which member ID I am talking about. I am talking about members table member ID or I am talking about bookings, table member ID and if I try to run this SQL, I'll get an error. Most likely referenced member ID is ambiguous and that's known as column name ambiguity. And this often comes in the join because we are combining one table with another table. And as soon as we start combining two or 3 or 4 tables, we may have same column names in those tables. So how do we deal with that? For dealing with that we can use the alias. And whenever we specify the column name we can qualify the column name with the alias. You can use the entire table name, but often table names are long and are to save some time while typing. We can create a small alias, maybe single letter or two three letters to represent that table. So it is easy to use those aliases. So that's the third thing. And these aliases are or the fully qualified column names like B dot member id and m dot member ID right. This should be B dot member ID or m dot member ID whatever. Right. So fully qualified names are mandatory for those columns which are available in multiple tables where the column name ambiguity exists. Right. For others it is not mandatory. For example first name is in only in the members table. It is not in the bookings table. So even if I remove this alias m dot first name, I simply say first name. Similarly, last name is available only in the members table. So if I say last name spark or my SQL engine is not going to get confused because the column name is found only in the one table. So we must be referring to the members table here. Similarly, uh, facility ID is also only available in the bookings table. It is not there in the members table, so I do not need to always specify or fully qualify the field name. These all for all these guys. These fully qualified column names are not mandatory. And even if I run this, it should work perfectly. Right. And these are some SQL concepts related to the joins. If you know SQL, if you have been doing joins in the SQL, you know all this, right? I'm just reminding that for doing a join we have to deal with three different pieces of information. What is the join expression? What is the joint type and how you are going to handle the column name ambiguity. Write. These three things are also applicable when working with the data frame. The same thing can be done using the data frame APIs, but we also have to deal with these three types of information. So that's all about this. Now let's try this using the data frame API. Try answering the same question using the data frame API. So let's start that. You already know what we are going to do here. Uh, maybe for referring columns or for um uh defining expressions we might need two functions call function and expr function. Often for doing joins we are likely to use one or both of these functions. So let me import it from Pi spark dot SQL dot functions import uh expr and call. These two functions are often very instrumental or often required for uh doing a data frame joins. So we import that. And then uh what do we want to do. We want to join members and bookings two data sets. Right. So first we have to have two data frames. Right. So bookings data frame members data frame. So let's create a data frame. Let's call members. And I want to create that data frame. Uh how to create it in spark dot read read. And we already have data into the table. So I don't want to go to the spark dot read dot Format. I can simply use it from table spark dot table and give the table name. Dev dot spark db dot. Which table? Members. Table and I'll get the members data frame. Now similarly I can create bookings data frame. So bookings DF equal to spark dot table and tell the table name dev dot uh spark db. Bookings. So we got two data frames and then we start thinking about how do we do the join. So for doing the join I need to have a join expression I can create join expression while I'm joining or in spark. We know we can create expressions as a variable. So let's pre-prepare a join expression. We will use it later. Prepare a join expression variable and this join expression is nothing but uh um members table dot member ID should be equal to or double equal to. Bookings table. Member ID this is what my join expression should be. But uh, again I wanted to handle the column name and ambiguity also using a some short alias. I don't want to use these long names. Right. So for doing that we have an alias on the data frame. So what I can do I can use. I can create a data frame, a spark table, got the data frame, and on that data frame I want to use alias. Alias. Let's use it as M. So that becomes my alias M for members and then alias here. And M instead of M we need B, right. So I have defined the alias on these two data frames. And these aliases can be used in the expressions wherever we want to refer the members table or members data frame. So now I can simply say m dot member id equal to dot member id. Now this expression will be valid. But this is an expression. So I have to wrap it around the expr within the expr. Sorry. So this is how I can define my join expression. Uh, let's comment this and, uh, also try to define a join expression using call functions. We know that every expression in a spark data frame can be defined as a string. We can evaluate it using the expr, or we can directly build expression using call. So let's say if this is the expression right this is the expression I wanted to say member id equal to member ID in the bookings. Uh, but uh I cannot use string double equal to a string. I want to use column m dot member ID is equal to column B dot member ID. So you can build your joint expression either this way or that way. It's up to you, whichever approach you find more easy and comfortable for you. So now we have the joint expression joint type. We want inner join here. So that's a simple string inner join column name ambiguity. To deal with that we have defined the alias. So now we can start writing the or preparing the report. So let's say reports DF. And I will define the report using some transformations here. So what do we want to do. We want to join members and bookings. So let's start with the members data frame members DF dot join for doing the join or applying joins between two tables. We have a transformation called join simple. Use the join and then tell what is the other data frame? What is the second data frame you want to join? So we have bookings DF right. This is the data frame we want to join. And this members DF becomes my driving table and this becomes derived table. Or you can say this becomes your left table and this becomes your right table. Right. In a sequel. When we write sequel like this, the first table becomes the left table. And after the inner join, whatever table name we are saying that becomes the right table, right left table, right table or driving table and derived table. These are the terms we use. Same thing applies to data frame API. Also this becomes the left table and this becomes the right table. What is the second parameter to join. Second parameter to join is the join expression. So if we have prepared the expression here, we can simply pass the variable name here. Join expr or we can write the expression inline. If the expression is as simple as this string, we can write it here. Sometimes expressions are complex long, so we can use the expression variable separately and then keep it simple. Use the variable here. And the third parameter is the joint type. So we want inner join right. Just inner. You don't have to write the complete inner join like that. Just say inner. Even if you say inner join it should work. But just say inner because we are already saying join here. So that's done. All part of the joins are done, right? We have defined the join expression. We have defined the join type to handle column name ambiguity. We have already defined aliases to both the data frames. And that's all. Join is done right now. Rest of the transformation you can add rest of the transformation. Rest of the transformation means we have requirements to filter. And then we have requirements to do the sorting. And then we have requirements to select only these fields. So these things we already learned different transformations right. So to filter we can use filter. Or we can use where and give the condition. What is the condition. Condition is simple. Uh. M dot last name should be equal to or double equal to S Smith. That was the first condition. I am using m dot last name here as a best practice, right? But last name is only available in the members table, so I do not actually need to qualify the last name with the alias name. But whenever we do join, we use the alias name to refer every column as a best practice. So it is clear. Reading the code, it is clear that last name is coming from the members, right? So rest of the condition is and slots should be greater than five. So I can simply say slots greater than five. But as a best practice I should be saying B dot plots should be greater than five. Filter condition is done. Now we need to do an order by and select, but order by should be the last thing right? So let's do the select and I can use select and list the field names. what fields we need. We need m dot member ID, right. And since member ID is there in both the tables, it is mandatory to qualify the member ID with the table name or data frame alias. Right. So we must do that. And then we need first name. So I can simply write first name like this. But it is. It will work. But it is best practice to qualify it with the alias. And then what we need we need m dot last name and then we need facility id so b dot. ID and then we need a number of slots right. So B dot slots. And then we need a start time which is also coming from B. So B dot or B underscore dot start underscore time. So we got our select. Now the last thing is order by. So order by order by is required to do order by on two columns. The first column is uh first name in ascending and uh slots in descending. So in SQL we write these kind of expressions like first name ASC slots DSC. Right. So we can try that kind of expressions here m dot first underscore name a a c. But as soon as I use asc here it becomes an expression right. So I must Wrap it in expr. Like that. Right? Only using column name is fine, but as soon as I specify any extra clause here or anything extra, it becomes an expression. It's no longer a column name, so I have to evaluate it using expr. And then what do we need? We need to one more expr here obviously. And that will be dot in d in descending. And that becomes my are complete reports df. So let's display the reports DF once. And let's see if that gives me the same result I got from the sequel. I think there is some typo. It says Menber it should be member. So I think here it is. Member. Let's try once again. Yeah, we got 17 rows. Look at the sorting. First name alphabetically sorted and slots are six everywhere. Was it six everywhere? No, there was one Darren Smith nine and then six. 17 records. And nine is somewhere in between. So looks like sorting is not working here, right? B slots DSC first name ASC. This seems to be working, but this does not seem to be working. In fact, default sorting is ascending. So even if I don't do that. Simply say uh, first name here, right? It will be by default in ascending order. So let's try that and see if I still get the last first names alphabetically sorted. Right. First names alphabetically sorted, but slots are not being sorted in descending order. And which is a problem? Ideally it should work, but unfortunately in spark it doesn't work. So, uh, in the data frame. So what we do, we build a different kind of expression using call. Right? We do not use string expression. So what I can say column PE dot plots. By default it will be ascending. I use this and DSC. I say do it in descending. Right. And now try it once again. And my slots nine are at the top. And it is. In sorted order. So this is one glitch in spark that I have noticed for some reason. Uh, string expression doesn't work in order by. If we want to change the sorting order from ascending to descending for some reason. So you need to be in the practice of using this kind of expressions only in the order by clause. And that is all we learned how to use. Uh, joins right in spark data frame. I have one more example here. In this example we needed to join two tables. What if we need to join three tables or four tables or more than two? Right. So I have one more example here. And I want you to try it yourself. But uh, I'm going to copy paste the code and quickly walk you through, uh, but uh, the things that we needed to learn, we have learned already in the first example. So let me paste it the code here in this question, we need to prepare a report like this which requires member ID, first name, last name, facility name. All these are coming from the members table, but facility name is only available in the facilities. Table slots is available in the bookings table. Booking amount can be calculated. It's not given in any of the tables, but it can be calculated and start time is in the facility. So looking at this at a high level, I know I need information from members, facility and bookings, all three tables. So I have to join three tables. That's the only difference here. So how can we do it. Create three data frames right. Because we need to join three give alias to all three. So we can refer the column names easily and start preparing the reporting data frame. Start with one of this right. I'm starting with bookings and joining the members on the expression member ID from both the tables should be same and the join type is inner right. Once we joined the first and second, we can join the third afterwards. It's not like that in the single join we tell List of data frames. Join all these four. Five. No, it's done one by one in SQL. Also, it is done one by one. There is no nothing new in SQL. We join from this table inner join this table and if I want to join one more if after the condition I will say uh inner join the facilities table right afterwards. So one by one we do the join same way in spark. Also we do in the data frame API. We do join one by one, join first two tables, then join the third table. But what becomes left and what becomes right? Here in the first join bookings table is left and members table is right. Correct. These two will be joined together to create one common data set. After joining these two, that data set becomes left and then we do the one more joint facilities here. Facilities becomes right. It's not like that. Members is left. No. The result of the first two joints is the left. And then this next guy becomes the right. And if we have few more, then this result will become left and the next guy will become the right. Rest. All is same. We are doing filter and then writing select expr instead of select because we need to calculate the booking amount and booking amount is simple slots into member cost slots from the booking, how many slots we have booked and member cost is taken from the facilities. What is the cost for each slot for members? That's what member cost represent as booking amount and sorting on the first name ascending booking amount descending. And we learned that sorting should be done in this particular way if we want to sort it in ascending or descending. Writing string expressions for sorting in the order by is not foolproof, or sometimes does not give the correct results. So let me run this also once to ensure code is free from errors and we get 17 rows once again because the conditions are of same. Only thing is we need some extra information. So that's all. For this lecture. We learned how to implement joins in spark dataframe API, and we tried it with the inner join. In the following lecture we will try outer join and see how we perform outer joins in spark data frames. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.