Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn about implementing outer joins in Apache Spark. We will learn about left outer join, right outer join and full outer join and go through the mechanics of implementing outer joins in Apache Spark DataFrame APIs. So let's start. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to chapter seven outer joins. This is the notebook that I'll be using to help you learn how to implement outer joins in spark DataFrame. Let's start with the problem statement list all bookings made by a person named Darren Smith as the following. These are the fields we need and we need all bookings made by Darren Smith. Let's look at what all the fields we need. We need member ID, first name, last name. These things we can get from the member table Address. This also comes from the member table. Facility ID and slots are coming from the bookings table. So we will need data from two tables members and bookings. So definitely we need to make a join. And the requirement is to list all bookings made by person named Darren Smith. So typical case we might need inner join because we need to list the bookings made by Darren Smith so we can join bookings and members on the member ID and if there is a booking made by the member, we get the listing, but we have few more requirements here. The first requirement says show the details of all person named Darren Smith, even if they have not made any bookings. So this is a little different. It says show the details of persons named Darren Smith, even if they have not made any bookings. So even if booking is not made, we need Darren Smith or the member details. So member details should come even if there is no facility booked by Darren Smith by the person Darren Smith. So that changes our requirement from inner join to outer join. Outer joins are of three types left, right and full outer. But this guy looks like either left or right. Correct. We need member details even if there is no facility booked by the member. So if we keep member on the left side of the join, we can use left join. If we keep member on the right side of the join, we can use right outer join. So we will be using outer join for sure either left or right. Other details sort the result by number of slots. higher. First list the person with no bookings at the top. So these two are sorting requirements and these are fine. We can put up sorting details once we have the data set. So let's start doing that. We typically need some functions like expr and call. So let's import that from PySpark SQL dot functions import export and uh to join members and bookings we will need member and bookings data frames. So let's create uh members DF. And we can create it using a spark dot table. Provide the table name dev dot spark db dot members. And uh, since we are going to do a join, we will also need some alias to avoid long names to be used in the select and in other clauses and in building the expression. So bookings df. Similarly, we can create bookings df using spark dot table and providing the table name. And then give some alias to this guy also. Now let's start building the join. So let us say result df equal to and I can write expression here. Where do we want to start. Members or bookings. Doesn't matter. We can start with members DF and join the D bookings df. DF here and then we need to provide the condition. So let's wrap the condition in the expr. And uh what is the condition? Member ID should be equal in both the tables. So m dot. Member ID should be equal in B dot member id. What is the joint type? We need to list all the members even if they have not made any bookings. So we need all records from members DF even if a corresponding or a matching record doesn't exist in the bookings table. So we need to use outer join and members is on the left side. Bookings on the right side members is on the left side, so we can use left outer and we can simply write left. That's all you can write left outer. Left outer. That also works. But just saying left spark is smart enough to understand. We are looking for left join or left outer join. There are other conditions like we want some filter right filter condition which says member name should be Darren Smith right. So we can put filter condition here M dot. First name should be equal to. N. And m dot last name should be equal to Smith. And uh that is all. Now I think I missed the double quotes here. Now we Have two sorting requirements, which we will specify at the end. Let's list the fields that we need so we can use select and what all we need. We need m dot member id then m dot. First name should be given like this. And then m dot last name then. M dot address. Then we need two fields from the facility. So B dot facility id and b dot slots. That's done. Now we are left with the sorting requirements so we can fulfill that using order by. Usually we specify order by using call because that gives us leverage to sort by ascending or descending. So let me specify the call function or import the call function here. And then we can use call which field sort the result by number of slots. So b dot slots and sort the result by number of slots higher first. So it should be in descending order the person with no bookings at the top. So if person has made no booking then slot will be null right. He has made no booking so no slots are booked so slots will be null. List the person with no booking at the top. So what we want to do sort on this slots in descending order but keep the nulls at the top. So for that we have a specific type of sorting descending nulls first. That's the sorting. We need sort in descending order, but keeps nulls at the top or list nulls first. And once this is done, maybe we can try displaying this. And let's try running this. Okay so I missed one parenthesis there and one parenthesis extra here. Let's try that. And this is and so many typos. And we got the result 262 rows. Darren Smith has made Darren Smith member IDs 37 has made no bookings and are slots are null. It is listed and it is coming at the top so we fulfill our requirement. There is one more guy with different member ID called Darren Smith. He has made so many bookings so we can see all his bookings. So hope the results are correct. But what we wanted to learn is how to implement left join. And we also learned one new thing is sorting where keeping the nulls at the top. We also have a function called. Last. So this y guy will do the sorting in descending order. You can see slots are at the top and nine slots and the null went at the bottom. But our requirement was nulls first. So we kept nulls first and null cames at the top, and then the rest is sorted in descending order. So that's how you can implement the left join. Let's look at one more requirement. Show me the bookings report for Darren Smith as following. Looks like same requirement. Show the details of person name Darren Smith, even if they have not made any bookings or the result by number of slots. List person with no bookings at the top. Same exactly same requirement but the report is different. We were presenting six fields here, but now the requirement is slightly changed to list few more fields, right? So what. All we need facility name means we need to have access to the facilities table. Right. We need to incorporate facilities. Table slots is coming from bookings table booking amount. We can calculate start time is coming from bookings, table member ID, member name, telephone address. These details can come from the members table. But we need facility name which means we need data from the facilities table. So we will be needing to join three tables here. Right. So let's uh do that. We will need to import these functions and let's create a data frame again members DF let's assume I'm going to create data frame code here. And uh creating members data frame is spark dot. And we can give the table name dev spark db dot members. That's enough. We can give a database table name and get the members table, but we have a requirement to show the details of all person named Darren Smith. Right. So and this is a filter requirement. Correct. So actually we should be filtering all members out and keeping only Darren Smith records here. So we can apply that filter after implementing the join. Or we can apply that filter here itself in the members data frame and put up the condition here. Right. Uh, let's say first name equal to. Darren. And last name equal to Smith. Right. Take only records For Darren Smith, right? Because that's what we are interested. Then why delaying the filter after the join? There is no reason why should I delay the filter that I will filter after implementing the join? I in the previous example, in the previous scenario we implemented this filter. This filter is entirely on the members table, so this could have been implemented here itself while creating the members table data frame. Right. And that's what we are doing here. And then we will need bookings. So let me copy code for bookings here. Bookings. And I don't want to create alias here just to show you if you have not defined the alias while creating the data frame, how can you use it or how can you do the aliasing later? And we will need facilities also. So facilities is DF spark dot table. Dev dot spark db dot facilities. We got that and now we need to create a join between members and bookings and facilities. Right. And then apply some select filter. We have already applied. So we need to also apply the sorting requirement because we have the sorting requirement. In the previous example we were doing similar thing join then filter, then select and then do the order by all things in a single expression, right? A single set of these transformations, one after other. You can even break it. You can break it into multiple parts. And that's what I'm going to show you. If sometimes these things become too big, You might want to break it into smaller parts. Focus on one thing at once and then do it later, or add up things later. You can do that also. So let's assume that I want to break things into two parts. First, do the join. Once you have the join, then do the select and order by all those things later so I can create a joined DF. Right. And let's assume that I'm going to write code for joining here. And uh, let's start with the members DF dot. Uh, I can add alias here because with the members data frame, I have not added alias earlier. So I can add alias here and let's call it m. And after aliasing I can do join right? Aliasing in line while defining the join I'm doing the aliasing and then pick up the next data frame. Which one? Let's pick up the bookings. Bookings DF right. And uh, we will need alias for bookings DF also so I can do alias here. Alias here. Let's say B right. Aliasing is done in line and then we need to specify the condition. So condition can go inside the expr and condition is m dot member id equal to dot member ID. And uh then comes the joint type. What type of join we need requirement is to show all details of all persons name Darren Smith even if they have not made any bookings. So definitely we need left join here because members is on the left side and we want all members, even if there is no corresponding bookings. So we need all records from the left and hence we need left join. But we also need to join facilities. So dot join and the next data frame is facilities DF right. This guy also needs alias. So we give alias here. And expression is defined inside the expr. And uh members and facilities do not have any direct relationship. We have relationship between facilities and booking by the facility ID. So we can say B dot facility ID should be equal to f dot. facility ID and then comes the join type. So which type of join we need. Think about it. We needed left between members and bookings because we needed all members even if there is no booking. And we got one data set here right. This is one data set. Now from the bookings we are joining facilities. So the join will be between this combined data set will look for facility ID and search for that facility ID in the facilities table. And if there is a facility we will get it. But what if there is no facility ID? We will lose the record from this data set right after joining member they are booking. What if there is no facility for that? We will lose one record. That record from this, uh, left side. And it is possible that we lose the member information. Right. But our original requirement is to keep all persons, even if they had not made any facility booking. Right. So if I use inner, this left joins effect will be kind of, uh, taken out if the facility ID is not found. Right. So to fulfill my requirement, I think I'll have to use left once again until unless I'm sure that every facility ID is there in the facilities table. Uh, that I can't be sure. So to support this requirement that we need all members, even if there is no booking, we can extend that requirement. We need all members, even if they have booked for a non-existing facility. Right. So we need the member details anyway. So left and left. And we are done with the join. Right. Once we have the join, we are left with the selecting these fields and sorting results in these orders. Right. And, uh, one more requirement here is that, uh, we need booking amount. So we need to calculate booking amount. You already know how to calculate booking amount. Right. Slots multiplied by member cost. Cost per member per slot. Uh, we can get the booking amount and they are asking for member name, not first name, last name. So we will have to concat first name and last name and get the member name. So we are going to use uh select expr. So let's say results df I'm going to create results DF and now we prepare results from the join DF right. Join DF and then write the select expr and inside the select exper, I will write all the expressions. So expressions are simple. So let me copy paste those things to save some time here. Right. We got facility name slots booking amount, start time member ID using concat W.S. to concat first name and last name and get the member name telephone, then address right. And after that we need to use the order by order by requirement is sort results by number of slots higher. First list the person with no bookings at the top, so we can simply do um, I can do it here dot order by and in the order by I'll be using column and ordering is on the slots column. Then we need to use descending order by and nulls First. That's all. And then I can display the results. Right. Display the results. Let me run it. And then we will discuss few things. Oh, no results, but, uh, no typo error. And there is some other logical error, I guess. So how do I debug where I went wrong? Uh, maybe let's, um, comment that and we start with the join DF, or maybe start with the members DF. Let's see if I have listed members, uh, correctly members DF dot display or let's do display members DF let's see if we listed the members. Even members are not coming, so maybe I went wrong in this and I think there is a typo here. Darren Smith. Right. So. I got two members here. And that's a kind of a benefit in breaking down your steps. You might feel a little more comfortable if in case of ah you have a requirement to debug it. So I debugged members and then I, I can see join. If these two guys are giving me results correctly then most likely this will also give me result correctly. Right. So that's how sometimes we want to uh, break things into smaller pieces so that it is easy to debug or log. And we got these results null at the top and 262 results. And then earlier also we were getting 262 rows, so hopefully that was correct. Now let's notice a few things here. What I have done here, I have filtered out the members before applying the join right in the members table itself. We filtered out everything else and took only two records. There were two people called Darren Smith, so we took only two records. And then we joined these two records with the bookings and then with the facilities. There is no filter afterwards or there is no filter. Along with the join. We applied the filters first and then joined. Earlier what we were doing, we were taking members, all member records, maybe 100, 500 whatever number of members we have, and then applying the join with the bookings. Right. And then we were doing the filter after the join joint so it feels, or it appears that this is a bad idea, right? If we know that we do not need all members, we need only Darren Smith to join with the bookings. Then why don't we filter it first right here itself? Less number of records in the first table of the join will fetch less number of records in the second table of the joins. Right. If we filter later, then this. These two are big tables. They will join with the huge amount of data. And then we are trying to filter. But that's a myth right? It looks like filtering first will be faster filtering after the join will be slower. A spark engine is smart enough to order this, right? To optimize this we do filtering here while creating the data frame itself, or while selecting the data frame itself. And then we apply the join, or we do. This way. In both cases, a spark engine is smart enough to apply the filtering first and then apply the join. And that happens. That's automatically happens within the spark engine. So do not worry about these logics. Logically it looks correct that first filter it and then apply the join. But spark will do it for you. You don't need to worry too much about it. So that's the thing I wanted to highlight here. And one more thing. We learned that it is not necessary to write everything in a single step. We can break it into steps. Create a member data frame and apply the filters here, get what number of members you want to process and then create a join data frame. Apply the join. Implement the join logic here and then. Rest of the logic is simple. Select an order by keep it separate. Logically, this gives a clear understanding or good readability for your code. Good debug option for your code. So we follow these kind of practices. But it's not for performance. That filter first and then join later, or join first and then filter later will perform poor. It's not like that. So that's all. Now let's go to third requirement. This is one more very simple requirement. Prepare a facility booking report as following facility name. So we need facility table member cost. Guest cost. These are I guess coming from the facility itself. And uh this start time and slots are from the booking. So facility bookings which facility was booked when. Right. So we need data from two tables and we need. All club facilities must be listed in the report, even if there is no booking made. Right? So facilities is a candidate for outer join. Consider only bookings for more than ten slots is a filter condition, so that's fine. We can apply that filter condition. So for doing that we will need to create two data frames. So let me copy paste code for creating two data frames. We are creating facility DF from the facilities. We are creating bookings DF from bookings. And right away we are applying the filter. Right. Because consider only bookings for more than ten slots. So we read only those bookings made for ten slots and we will be using that. And uh, that's all we can start applying the join and creating the final results. So results DF equal to let's say I'll go here. And now we need to start join. Which table should I make left facilities or bookings? We have a requirement here. List all club facilities even if there is no booking made for that facility. So I know I can keep it on the left and use the left join. But spark also supports right join so nothing to worry. I can keep it on the right side. Start with the bookings and use the right join right. So let's do it that way. Bookings DF dot join and I want to keep uh facilities. This guy facilities DF and use condition which says facility ID is equal in both the data frames. But I haven't defined the alias neither here nor here. Right. Um, I could have defined the alias here and here so I can use the expression as a string, but I forgot that or I don't want to use that. Is there any other option? And that's what we want to learn here. If you don't want to define alias then you can use full data frame name. So you can say bookings df dot facility. ID is equal to this guy. Facility is df dot facility ID you can do it like this also and then provide the joint type. And we wanted to implement right join by right join because facilities is on the right side of the join. And we want all facilities even if there is no booking made. So we want all records from the right side table. Hence right join is important and then we can do. select and in the select what all we need. We need facility name. But we haven't defined the alias. So we will use the entire data frame name facility is DF dot facility name. And similarly we need member cost that is also coming from the facilities. So let me copy this and keep on pasting it everywhere. And Dot member cost member cost facility is df dot uh guest cost. And then we need from bookings df two fields start time and slots. So bookings df dot start time and bookings df dot. slots, right? And once this is done, we can display the result. So we learned two things we can apply. Right? Join simply writing right here. And if we don't want to use alias, we can use the complete data frame name in defining the expressions. Bookings df facility id equal to df dot facility id and in the select. Also we can use facilities df facility name facilities df member cost. So we are using fully qualified column names with the dataframe name dot the column name. But there is a small thing to note here that this way, this approach of defining the column name is case sensitive in terms of column names. So we have a field called member cost. But member cost is not cost in uppercase. It is like this. So if I by mistake um use a case. Different case for the field name. We might get an error. So let me try that. So we got the error right. Member cost is not supported. Not supported. It's saying not supported but it should be saying attribute is not found right. But that's fine. We know that uh member cost is not member underscore capital C cost it is member underscore small cost. So if you fix that and it should work it works right. We got nine records here. And hopefully that was the expected result. But our focus is on learning how to implement the join and different ways of defining the expression in spark join. So that's all uh, we have one more requirement here, which I want to leave as a assignment for you. Right. But let me explain the problem. Prepare a member booking report as following booking ID facility name, slots first name, last name and address booking ID is required so we need data from bookings. Facility name is required so we need data from facility first name last name address is required. So we need data from member. So we need data from all three tables. So definitely it's a three table join. Consider only regular members not guest and direct members not recommended by any other member. So this can be a filter in the members table. Regular members not guest. So we have one field in the members table called member ID and if member ID is zero they are guest. They are not regular members. So if the member ID is zero, they are guest. You can apply the filter accordingly. And one more filter is saying they should be direct members not recommended by other members. So if a member is recommended by some other member, then recommended by column in the members table has some value. So if recommended by column in the members table has a null value. That means they are direct members. They are not recommended by anyone. So that's how you can apply filter on the members table. Consider only bookings for more than eight hours. So that's a filter requirement you already know. Ensure all regular and direct members are listed even if they have no eight hour bookings. So that tells us that we need to implement an outer join right, left or right. You can figure out then next requirement is ensure all eight are bookings are listed, even if they are not made by regular and direct members. So that's another outer join requirement right? Ensure all members are listed. Ensure all bookings are listed. So we need things from both the sides. Right. From the members and bookings join. We need things from both the sides. And that's the requirement for full outer join. And then we have sorting requirement. So it's it's a full outer join requirement. And rest. All the things are simple I'm leaving it for you as an assignment. Try it yourself. The only difference is going to be instead of right or left, you will right or you will say full and that's all. So give it a try. But for any reason, if you are not able to do that, I am pasting the solution here for your reference. You can look at it and see how we have done it. Let me run it once to ensure that code has no typo and we get 17 rows as a result. And that's all. That's all. For this lecture we learn how to implement outer join and we have seen examples for left, outer right outer and full outer join. Along the way we learn few other things like how do we implement the sorting where we want to keep nulls at the top or nulls at the bottom? We also learn one additional way or one new way of, uh, referring the columns from a data frame or giving a fully qualified data frame column names in the expressions. And we also learn how we can break up our data frame transformation into smaller, easy to understand pieces and do it step by step. It's not like SQL where you have to think everything in a single SQL expression and keep your SQL expression becoming more and more and more complex. Data frame allows us to do it step by step in smaller steps. That's all. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.