Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn about lateral joints. We will try to understand what are lateral joints and how do we implement lateral joints in Apache Spark using data frame APIs. So let's start. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to chapter seven Lateral joints. This is the notebook that I'll use to learn what is lateral joint, when to use lateral joint and how to use lateral joints. So let's start with a very basic question. What is lateral joint. So lateral joint is a type of joint means we will have a left table and we will have a right table. And we want to join them because we want to combine data from left table and right table based on some criteria. So it is also a join. But the lateral joint allows you to query right data frame for each row of the left data frame. It helps you to solve problems which require kind of for loop for each record in the left data frame. So we take one record from the left data frame and query the right data frame with some where clause order by group by whatever we want. Right? And that helps us to solve some new scenarios, some new requirements. When to use lateral joins. There are two very commonly used scenarios where lateral joins are very helpful. The first one is you need per parent top and child rows. So parent record is. Let's assume it is your left data frame. For each record you want to find top one, top two or top N records from the right data frame. If that is the case, you can use lateral joins. Second scenario is when you want to invoke table valued functions with function arguments coming from the left data frame. If that is the case, then also we can use lateral joins. Lateral joins are very useful in these two types of scenarios. Now to understand these scenarios and the lateral join in a better way we need to solve some real problems. And that will also help us to understand how to implement lateral joins. So let's look at this scenario here. Find the most recent booking for each member. So that's a very simple problem. We need list of members right. Member information like member ID first name last name. And we need their booking information which facility they booked. What was the booking start time. How many slots were booked? But we don't want all bookings made by the member. We want only the most recent booking made by the member. Right. How can we get the most recent booking? Logic is super simple for that member. Find all the bookings right and then sort it by start time in descending order and take the top most record. Leave every other record, take the top most record. And that gives you the most recent booking. But how do you do it using a join, right. For each member we have to query the bookings table, find all its bookings, then sort it in descending order and limit the first record. So that's a kind of sub query for each member right. And that's where lateral joins are very helpful. So let's try to build that. And we will learn a few more things. In a typical joins we will need some functions like call and expr. So let's import them. And then for this problem we will need members data frame right. So let's create a members data frame. And creating members data frame is super simple. A spark session dot table and tell the table name which is dev dot spark db dot members. I will get the data frame, but there are few filters that might be needed on the members. So one filter I can think is we are only interested in members, not on the guests, right? So let's add a filter condition here where member ID is greater than zero because member ID zero is for guest. And, uh, I can also apply the select right away and take only those fields which I am interested in, like member ID and, uh, first name and last name only these three fields we need from the member. So we take those three fields and, uh, we know we will be doing some kind of join here between member and bookings. So let me give an alias also to this data frame. Let's call it M. And that gives me the member data frame. We also need bookings data frame. Right. So creating a bookings data frame is super simple. Bookings underscore DF equal to spark dot table and tell the Bookings. Table name. Dev. Dot. Spark. Dot spark DB dot bookings. That's all. And let's give it an alias as B. So now we have members and bookings. And we need to combine these two data frames to find our report or solve our requirement. What do we want to find. Latest member booking. Right. So let's create a new result data frame. Let's call it latest member bookings DF. And how do we create this report. We need all the member information their ID first name last name. So let's start with the D members. D and then we want to combine their booking information. Right. But we don't want to combine all the bookings. We are only interested in the most recent booking. So most recent booking will require some kind of filtering based on the member ID from this left data frame. So that kind of scenario can be solved using lateral joins. So we will use a method called. Lateral join. Lateral join is also a kind of join. So it takes uh the right data frame right. The first parameter is right data frame. So let's break it here and give the right data frame. What is the right data frame. Bookings DF right bookings DF. But we don't want all the bookings for the member. We want to find all the bookings for the member, but sort it by start time and take the top most right. So how do we find all the bookings for the member from the members? DF we have to put a where condition here where where b dot member id equal to m dot member id so for first record from the members df query the bookings table and filter only the members where bookings table dot member id is equal to the first record of members. Table dot member ID then for the second record, also take the member ID for the second record and filter only bookings for that member. Right. It is like a join expression, right? but we are putting it in the Where clause. And once we have all bookings for a specific member, what we want to do, we want to do an order by order. By order by is based on the start time, right? So let's do call start time. And we want it in descending order. So descending that's done. But after ordering we want to take the top most record the first record only because that's the most recent booking. So we can put the limit here. Limit only one. So first parameter of the lateral join is done. First parameter of the lateral join is the data frame with condition query. Whatever we want to do right. How do we want to find the top most or the most recent looking for that member. In a typical case, a joint will have three parameters. The first parameter is the data frame, the second parameter is the join expression, and third parameter is the joint type. So do we have join expression here? We don't have any join expression. We already defined the expression here in the where condition. How to find bookings for that particular member. Right. So no additional join expression is required. And most of the time in the lateral join you might not need to specify any join expression. So this goes as either null string or it can go as none. None means null for in Python. And the third parameter is your join type. So what is the joint type we want? We want all members, even if there were no bookings made. If there were any bookings made. We want to find the most recent booking, but what if there is no booking made by the member? We still want them in our report, right? So joint type is left. So that's how we can define the lateral joint. And once we are done with the lateral joint we can select our fields that we are interested in right. So let's do a select here. After doing the lateral joint dot select and what all fields we want we want member ID first name, last name, facility ID start time and slots. So I'll simply pass on those column names here. Member ID from M right. It is coming from m m dot first name m dot last name b dot facility id b dot start time b dot slots. That's what we want. And once this is done, we can try displaying it. Right. Dot display. Let's run it. So function parameter member is cannot be resolved somewhere. I have a typo. Uh, I think this is the guy member ID. So we got the result right. This is what we wanted. We got, uh. 30 rows. And I kind of know that I have 30 members in this table, so we are getting all of them, and, uh, we got, uh, their most recent booking. And for, for example, for this guy, this was the most recent booking for this guy. This was the most recent booking. And they booked facility ID eight two slots. That was the most recent booking. And at the end I have this guy who never made any booking. Right. So it's null. And now what do we want? We are done. No, we wanted facility name. And what we got is facility ID. And the reason is simple. Bookings table doesn't have the facility name. It has got only the facility ID. So if we want to replace this facility ID with the name in this result, we can again join the facilities table and get our results right. So I'll have to create facilities data frame. Also let me copy paste that code because it is super simple. We created facilities data frame from facilities table alias F. And now instead of displaying this I'll be creating one more data frame. Let's call it results DF. And this guy is going to be a join between my latest member DF right. Dot join and join with the facilities. DF right here is the guy facilities DF. Facilities DF and what is the joint condition? We can define the joint condition with facility ID from this data frame. Equal to facility ID from this data frame. But this data frame didn't had any alias. So let me also give alias here. Alias let's call it MB member bookings. Now I can specify the condition here MB dot facility ID should be equal to f dot facility id and then last parameter. What type of joint we want. Left joint because we have one guy here where facility ID is null. If I take inner join, then this guy will be removed from the report and I don't want that to happen. So I take left. Join right. We are passing three parameters here, three parameters here. But what is the parameter name for this. So parameter for name for the expression is on. We could pass it like on equal to this. And parameter name for the joint type is how we can use it like this. Right. If we are passing it in the same order, we don't need these parameter names. But if you want to change the order, then you can use the named argument approach of Python to pass these parameters. So that's done. And once this is done, what do we want to do? Join is done. After the join we want to select once again and take all the things that we wanted. Write a member ID, first name, last name, facility name and start time and slot. So let me paste those column names here. And that's all member ID is coming from MB first name, last name, facility name is coming from facility. And once we have that we can display the final results. Right. Let's try running it once again. And we got our result. Now we have the facility name. So that's how we can use lateral join to query the right data frame. Here the right data frame was bookings query the right data frame for each record of the left data frame. It's like a loop. And in the query we can use where clause order by all the SQL or kind of transformations that we have learned. We can write a complex expression here. So that's the first use case. The second use case was you want to invoke table valued functions with arguments derived from the main table or main data frame right or your left data frame. So let's look at a scenario for that. Also, find all students with more than one years of spark knowledge from offline where students. If you try to recall we have done this in the previous lectures. We have done this when we were learning about variant data types, how to use variant to store a complex data type, and how to use variant data types in your sequel. So we have done that already. This time I'm going to do it using the data frame APIs and learn how to use table valued function in data frame. So let's start with that first thing. First we need to create a data frame for offline, where students then only we can query it to solve or answer this question. So that part is super simple. Let me paste the code here. We got students data frame reading from offline where students and I'm giving alias as s. You might have forgot what is there in the students offline where students table. So let's quickly display it so we can quickly refresh our memory of what is there in the table. So in the table we have five students ID first name, last name, student address, student skills, student contacts. Right. And skills is an array. But the skills data type is variant. And we have an array. address is a variant, but address value is a struct, it's a object, and contacts is also a variant, but the values are key value pairs or map. So that's about the data set. What do we want to do? Find all students with more than one years of spark knowledge. And this information is hidden in the skills field. In the skills field we have an array which tells what knowledge or what skill a student has got and how many years of experience. So this first student has got two skills, right? And similarly this last student has got four skills. So we want to search or apply a where condition, which is something like uh, where this skill is like spark and years of experience is greater than one. But how do we apply that where condition on the array? We cannot. The only way to do it is to explode this array. Right. And get all these out as a plain columns. And then we can apply a Where clause. It's super simple right. So we have to explode the array and get a new data frame. Then we can simply apply the where condition. But this is a variant data type right. Skills is a variant data type. So we cannot use explode function. What we have to do we have to use variant explode function. The variant explode function is a table value function. Variant explode function is not a standard SQL function, which we can use in the SQL in the Select clause to explode variant. Explode function is a table valued function, and in spark we have a limitation that we cannot use table valued functions in the Select clause. We must use them in the From clause. From clause means use it as a table or use it in the join right from clause. We use one table to query or we use two tables to join them. So variant explored can be used in the From clause only. And that's where lateral join comes into play. So what we want to do for each record. For each student record we want to explore the skills column. We don't want to query some other table. We want to query the same table skills field and explode it. Right. So that is also similar to take one record of the student and query some other table, right. Instead of query some other table, we want to query the skills column of the same table. So that's where we can use lateral joins. So let's try let's try or start building it. Let's say result DF is what I want to create. And we want to start with the students DF right. This is students DF start with the students DF and do a lateral join. And in the lateral join what we want to do, we want to explore the skills field and we want to use variant explored. But variant explored is a function. So for using variant explored function we have to import it. And that's where there is a little difference. Table valued functions are not imported. They are registered in the spark session. And you can get it from the spark session. So calling a table valued function is little different. We don't need to export them. Instead we can go to the spark session dot. And then there is something called TVF table valued function, which gives you access to all table valued functions. And then we can use our table valued function whichever we want to use. So we want to use variant explode and uh which column we want to explode. We want to explode skills. So s dot skills. That's all. This guy is what we want to explode. But we have to specify other conditions also. Right. What are the other conditions expression on. Right. What is my expression and uh how what is my join condition. Right. Do we need any expression here. No, because we are not going into any other table. We are in the same table right from the same table. Take the row and explode the skills column from the same row so there is no expression, or there is no join condition needed here because we are not at all doing a join. So this parameter is not required. How left right? Do we need anything? No, because we are not at all joining two tables. Right. So we don't need to tell whether it is left join or outer join or inner join or what kind of join. So how is also not needed in this scenario. So that's all we are done with the lateral join and we will get uh exploded values from this field plus other fields. Right. So let's let's look at this. What we have got in the results. Results DF dot display. Basically what we want to learn here is variant explode will explode this field and what it will give, right? We have, let's say, two elements in the array. So what it will give, will it give this or it will give me this and this two fields. Or will it give me one single field. What it is going to give. So we display that and whatever the variant explode is giving will be available at the end of this data frame. The additional fields right. So let's run it. We got it. These are the existing fields and skills is still there. And contacts. And after that we got three fields position key and value three fields. So variant explode returns a table of three columns. It is a table valued function. It returns a table of three columns Position, key and value, and the rows in the table is the elements of the array. So for the first student there were two items in the array. So it gave two records right. And position is the element id or element number zeroth position first position are all these guys have got two two elements except the last guy. Last guy had four elements in the array. So 01234 elements. So it gives me a position if I want to know at which position this element was, I can get it from. The position key is coming null because we haven't given any join condition or are expression. So if we have given any expression to match key from the left table to right table, then that key will be given by the variant explode. But in this case no join was needed. So key is null and value is the value of the element of the array, which is exploded. So we got one full object which is kind of struct with two elements skill and years of experience. So what we have got from here is this skills exploded and we got this entire field right in the value, this element in the position. And uh, key is null. But we don't want this. Right. What we want is we want to split this, uh, and get two fields, a skill and years of experience as two fields. But that's not a big problem. I can use, uh, select expression after lateral join or even after the explode. Explode result is like a data frame, right? It is table valued function. So X variant explode gives me a kind of data frame. And on that data frame I can use I can use select expr. Select expr. And what I want I want uh this value and scale right. So I want value. Colon is scale. And that's where it is case sensitive. So be careful when using the element names of uh variant object. So value is skill. That's first thing. And also I want uh value colon years of experience. So let me copy it. Exactly. Years of experience. And this will be variant. We learned that in the earlier lecture when we were learning about the variant data type, right? Value dot skill or value colon skill will be a variant. We don't want variant. So what we want we want to cast it. Cast this guy uh, as a string, right? A string. And, uh, I can also give an alias here, like, as a skill. Right. And this guy, also, we want to cast. Cast this guy. What is this cast this guy as years of experience. I want it as integer, so as int. And let's give an alias to this as. Experience only. So we are done here. Maybe I can put this, uh, parenthesis right here. Now let's see what do we have in the results. We have all these existing fields plus skill and experience. Skill is a string and experience is integer. So we are interested in only those students having more than one years of spark knowledge. So that's a simple filter condition. I can implement a Where clause on this right dot where and uh say uh skill. This is skill, right? A skill like um percent spark percent and experience. This experience is greater than one. That's all we are done. And we got these guys right. Uh, maybe we don't want all these fields write the existing fields. So what you can do, you can do one more select here and list only those fields which you want. So let me paste few things here ID first name, last name, skill. And uh, what is this experience. Right. That's all. And then display it. Taking out every thing and showing only the relevant information. And that is all we learned how to use lateral join for invoking table valued functions from the lateral join. And uh, in this lecture we learned what are lateral joins when we can use lateral joins. And uh how to use lateral joins. So that's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.