Welcome back. So far in this chapter we learned about different types of joins. In Apache Spark. We learned how to implement inner joins outer joins, lateral joins. There are few other types of joints that are supported by Apache Spark. So in this lecture we will learn three four other different types of joins that we can do in Apache Spark data frames for different scenarios and situations. So let's go and learn those other types of joins. So here I am in my dev environment. Let's go to chapter seven other join types. So this is the notebook. And in this notebook we will learn about these five types of joins supported in spark. The first one is natural join. And what is natural join. Natural join automatically create join criteria on the same column name applies to inner or outer. So we can have inner natural join. Left. Natural join. Right. Natural join. Full natural join. All those kind of joins can be natural join. So it is actually not a new type of join. It is simply a way of expressing the join criteria or way of building the join expression. Let's try to understand it with a simple example. Here we have a question here. Show me a facility booking report as the following. Member ID first name, last name, facility name, slots, booking amount and start time. So we need information from member. We need information from facility and we need information from bookings table. We need to join three tables to build this report. There are few other conditions given facility bookings made by a person whose last name is Smith, so it's a filter condition. We can easily do that. He has booked more than five slots in a single booking. That's also a filter we can do. That report should be sorted by first name of the member in ascending and booking amount in descending order. So that's a sorting requirement. Easy things, we can do it. And in fact we have already done this in the previous chapters. In one of the previous chapter, when we were learning about the joins, we have done this. So I'll be little quick copy pasting few things from the previous lecture. Uh, and then do new things here. So what we are doing importing call and creating three data frames, bookings from booking members and facilities. And I'm filtering right away filter all records where slots are more than five. So this is fulfilled in the beginning itself. Filter where last name is Smith. So this filter is also fulfilled in the beginning itself, even before doing the join. Now sorting is left. We will do sorting at the end, and all we need to do is to join these three. Right. So let's create a joined data frame and I want to call it booking member facility underscore df bmf df. And how do I join. You already learn start with one data frame right one data frame and do the join right. Do the join and provide the second data frame right. Join bookings with members DF and then provide the condition or a join expression. And then at the end provide the join type. So natural join is a way of defining the join expression. That's the only difference Otherwise it could be inner join. It could be left join. It could be right join right. So what is the join expression here? Bookings df dot member ID should be equal to member df dot member id member id column name is same in both the data frames. The column names are also same and we know that that is the relation that is the common key between these two data frames. That can help us to combine these two data frames. So typically we write expression like uh, give an alias for this guy. Give an alias for this guy. Let's assume alias for this guy is B. So we say B dot member ID should be equal to m dot member ID. But in natural join we take the advantage of our knowledge that we know that all we have to do is to use equality condition on the member ID field, and member ID field is there in both the columns. So in natural join we simply say that okay we have a common key. The key name is member ID. We must be sure that member ID is a field in this. And in this both the data frames same field name. And we want to do a equality check. That's all. So natural join tells this is your natural join key. That's all. The spark engine will automatically expand it and create a join condition called bookings DataFrame dot member id equal to members dataframe dot member id. What is the advantage? Nothing much. We avoid the column name ambiguity problem here, right? We don't have to use aliases and uh, we can avoid column name ambiguity here because we are telling that this is a common key. And in the result, in the result data frame, a spark will automatically eliminate one member ID, either from bookings table or from the members table, and keep only a single member ID in the result. So going forward, also in the BMF also uh, in this result data frame, we don't have to use alias. So the natural join eliminates the column ambiguity problem. And uh, what is the joint type we want here? What is the joint type we want. Uh, joint type is let's say inner join right. We want inner join here. So we use inner. That's all. There is one question here. Uh, in this example I have a single join key. What if we have multiple join keys. If we have a common key in members and in bookings. There are two keys a composite foreign key or a composite primary key, right? The join is based on two fields. Not a problem. You can pass a list here. List first field and then comma and give the second field name here that is also supported. So you pass a list of natural keys or natural join keys, or you pass a single natural join key. Both works. So we are done joining bookings and members. We also want to join the facilities right. So let's do one more join here. After that join. And this time we want to join facilities DF. Facilities DF what is the join key facility ID. ID what is the join type? Inner and inner is default so we can skip that. Even if I don't say this inner. It will be assumed inner join because inner is the default join type for the join method. So that's all we are done with the joining. And this is how natural join is done and what is natural join. Simply specifying a list of natural join keys and leaving it on the database, or on your framework to figure out how to join that using the equality condition. It is called natural join. That's all. Once we have the join, we are only left with selecting the desired fields and are sorting it by the desired column and these things you have already done. So I'll simply copy paste the code here and run it right. So we are preparing reports df on the BMF, df selecting whatever fields we want and ordering on the fields it is asked and then displayed. So let's run it once. That's all. We got 17 records here and it worked. So that's about the natural join. What is cross join? Cross join is a cross product of two data sets right in a join we have left data frame and right data frame and cross join allows us to do a cross product between these two left and right data frames. Cross product means match each record of the left data frame with each record of the right data frame. So if you have three records in the left data frame and three records in the right data frame, how many records will be there in the result match? Three with all three right. Match three from the left with all three on the right, and the result will be nine records. So if you have a requirement where you want to match all records from the left side with all records on the right side, You can use cross join, but cross join is, um, burst of records. Right? Cross join is a burst of records. Three multiplied by three is nine records, 100 multiplied by 100. If you have 100 records in the left side, 100 records on the right side, you will have 100 into 100 records in the output. If you have 1 million on the left side and 1 million on the right side, you will have a result which will have 1 million multiplied by 1 million records. And it might crash your server. Your server might not have enough memory to hold that many records. So be very careful when using cross product or cross join. But if you have a requirement to do it, you have no other option, right? So let's look at the question here. How many bookings are possible when each member is booking a facility exactly once in a month. so each member is booking each facility. How many combinations are possible? Show all possible combinations. And that is a clear cut cross product requirement. Right. We have 30 members and let's say we have nine facilities. So 30 into nine. All possible combinations is the requirement. So we have to do that right. There is no other option. So how do we do that. We need two data frames members and bookings. So let me create two data frames here. Two data frames members from the members facilities from the facilities. We are talking about the members. So I'm filtering out guest with this condition. And we have this data frame. Now what we want to do we want to create a report DF. And uh it is simple. Take the members right. Take the members and uh, cross Join it with the facilities. So cross join is not implemented through the join method. We have a separate method called cross join. Cross join right. And uh what we supply is the right side table. That's all. Multiply left side table with the right side table. Or combine each record from the left side table with each record of the right side table. Do we need any join criteria? No, we don't need any join criteria. If we provide the criteria, then we are not combining each record with the each record. It is with no criteria. Cross join is is only possible if we provide no criteria. So cross join method doesn't take any expression. Join expression. Do we need to tell join type? No, we are already telling. It is a cross join. So cross join takes a single parameter. Cross join this with What? That's all. And once this is done, we can do a select, right. We can do a select of whatever we want to select. Right. So because the result is always a data frame. And let's assume we want to select a first name last name and facility ID. So we select that facility name in fact. And that's all we are done. And then we can display it. So. Let's see. We got 270 records. And this is like multiplying each or matching each member with each facility. Right. And that's what the cross join means. We have a. Next type is Self-join right. Self-join. What is Self-join? Self-join is joining a table with itself. So Self-join is also not a new type of join. It simply means when your left table is like table A and right table is also table A, then we call it Self-join otherwise it could be inner join, it could be left outer join. It could be right outer join. It could be cross join. It could be semi join. It could be anti join any type of join right. The only thing is when the left side table and right side table are the same table. Then we call it Self-join. So it's just a logical name. There is no new type of join here. But when do we need to do a self-join. When do we need to join a table with itself? There are some requirements and it depends upon the table design. So let's look at the requirement. Prepare a report for members and who recommended them. So we need member ID member name and recommended by who recommended them. How can we find it? Um, let's create a members data frame and display it so we understand what is there in the members table. And then we can, uh, see how we can figure out right members DF dot display. So we need to understand our data. Can we answer this question based on this data. So we have this members table where we have member ID member name. And this zero is for guest member ID first name last name address blah blah blah. But we have one field here called recommended by right. Recommended by this field is null. Some places means uh, this guy is not recommended by anyone. So for example, Tracy Smith recommended by null means Tracy Smith joined our club on her own. It was not recommended by or. Tracy Smith was not referred or recommended by someone, so it's null. But for this guy. Ponder Stibbons it was recommended by someone. So we have a value here. And. Who has recommended it? Six. Who is six? Six is this guy Burton? Tracy. Right. So ponder Stibbons was recommended by member ID six. So we have all the information in this single table, right? What is the member ID? What is the member name? We have member ID here. What is the member name? We have first name. Last name here. Who recommended or recommend. This member is recommended by one. So that information is also there right. So does it look like uh we need member ID first name, last name and recommended by. Yes. Just show these three four fields. Right. So member ID and first name. Last name. Maybe concatenate it as a member name. Right. And show the recommended by. Here we are done. We got the result. But the expectation is not to show the ID because ID is not meaningful. The expectation is to find the name behind this ID, right? For this four we need to find the name. How do we find the name? For four we need to take this table once again and join it based on this. For this four should be joined with this four so recommended by equal to member ID and then get the first name, last name and return that first name and last name as the recommended by. So we need to join this table. Members table with the members table itself and join key will be recommended by is equal to member ID so that we can fetch the name behind this ID, right? So that's where self-join is required. So let's do that. Right. What do we want to do. Uh we want to prepare a reports DF and write code here and start with the members table. Right. And uh, dot join. Join again members. Table members. Table. Right. And what is the join criteria? Join criteria is recommended by is equal to member ID but uh recommended by from this table and uh member ID from this. Right. So how do we specify that. So maybe I have to put an alias. Alias. Let's, uh, take this left table as member table. And this right table. Dot alias as uh, recommender table. Who recommended. Right. Recommended by information. So this is my members and this is my recommenders table. Assuming that this recommender information is in some other table, but it is in the same table. So it's a self join. Join this with the same is a self join. Now we can specify the criteria right expression. So we need expr here and wrap our expression inside. And expression is maybe. Let's break it a little bit here to do the formatting. And uh expression is member dot this recommended by right. Recommended by. From the first time from the left side, when we want to find who has recommended. Take the recommended by and it should be equal to from the right side. Recommender r dot member id this recommended by should be equal to the recommenders member ID that's all right. That's the join condition. And what is the join type. We want inner join here. Right. Because there are some people or some members not recommended by anyone. So we are not interested in those. So null should be eliminated. Take only records when member ID is not null and the recommended by is also not null. We have a valid match, so inner join and after that what else is left? Nothing. Just do a select. Select. And what all we need. We need member ID right. So m dot member ID right. What else we need. We need member name which is concatenation of m dot first name and m dot last name. So I can use concat W.S. here and concat first name and last name with a space. And then till first name from member dot first name and then take last name from member dot last name. And after concatenation is done we want to show it as member name. So dot alias is. What is the Elias best guy member name. Right. So that's done. And then we want recommended by. And there is a typo here. Recommended by. Recommended by is also concatenated value of first name and last name. So let me paste it here. But it is not coming from M. It is coming from R recommenders first name recommenders last name and the R alias will be. Recommended by. That's all. And finally we can display this guy. Let's run it. Hope I have not made any typo here. So we got, uh, the results here are 22 out of 30 members were recommended by some existing member and we got the names here. So ponder Stibbons is recommended by Burton Tracey. Right. So we are done. We learned about uh self-join. Now these two types of join are left semi join and Antijoin. So what is semi join. Take records from the left side when it matches with the right side right. It is like uh take record from the left data frame. If there is a matching record found in the right data frame. But do not take anything from the right data frame, take only things from the left data frame. Right data frame is only used to check the condition right. So semi join is also in the SQL engines or in the relational database. Semi join is available as a exists, right? So take the record from the left data frame. If there exists one matching record, at least one matching record in the right data frame, Antijoin is opposite to that. Take records from the left side if matching record does not exist in the right side. So this is like exists. This is like not exist. Let's do some examples. At least one example for each. And we have a requirement here. Prepare a list of members who made at least one booking. So it's a simple thing. Show me the member ID first name last name address. We can find all this in the members table, right? So show me information about the members if they have made at least one booking. So there exist at least one record in the bookings table, right? Then only show it. We don't want anything to take from bookings table. If we want to take something from bookings table, then we have other types of join like inner join or left join or right join or whatever. Right? But we just want to check a condition. If at least one booking exists, then we take the members information. So how do we do it? We need to create two data frames, right? One is members and one is bookings because we will need bookings for checking the condition. So members DF coming from members bookings coming from bookings and are in the members DF. We are simply applying a filter where member ID is greater than zero, so we don't consider guest as a member and alias M here alias B now we can create a report DF which is. Start with the members DF right. Because we want information from the members DF. Start with the members DF and join the join what bookings DF right join bookings DF and what is the join expression? Join expression is if a matching record exists in the bookings DF so how do we match it? Member ID from the members is equal to the member ID in the bookings, right? So my expression is simple m dot member id equal to b dot member id. Same kind of join expression that we use with inner join or outer joins. Right. And what is the join type. The only difference is here we want to take left, semi left, semi join right and semi join is always left. Semi join. Why? Because we are saying take records from the left table only if this condition is met with the right table. We are not taking anything from the right table. We cannot even take right and that's why it is always called left semi join. There is no right semi join in spark and once we have done the join what do we want. We want these field names right. So it's simply select select whatever fields we want. We want member ID first name last name and address. So just provide a list of these things. And once this is done I can take this reports df. This reports DF and display it. That's all. Let's run it. It's a member, not member. We got so out of 30 members. 29 of them has got at least one booking. And we know there is one guy member ID 37. He never booked anything. Any facility. So we got, uh, 29 eliminating that guy. And that's where this left semi join is important. What is anti join or left anti join. Exactly. Opposite to the left semi join. So code is also same right. We have a question here. Prepare a list of members who never made any bookings. Earlier. We were trying to find members who made at least one booking here. We want to find who never made any bookings. So what we want? Show me the members If they do not have any booking in the bookings table if there is no matching record found in the bookings table. So this code remains exactly same like left semi. Only thing is it becomes from left left semi to left and ty or NT right. And we will get that one guy who exists in our database but doesn't book any facility, doesn't pay anything to us. So let's try running that. This guy Memberid 37 and his name is Darren Smith. And that's all. That's all about these five types of join. I hope you learned these five joins, what they are and how to implement them. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.