So in this section, we're going to see a lot more AWS AI managed services. So why do we want them? Well, because these services are pre-trained machine learning services, and they're geared towards a very specific use case. So for example, we've seen that we have Amazon Bedrock to do GenAI, and we have even higher level gen AI services, such as Amazon Q Business and Amazon Q Developer. And we'll have a look soon at SageMaker, but you may want to do other things than GenAI, and so there are lots of services that we'll learn about in this section. For example, you can process text and documents with Comprehend, Translate, or Textract. You can do vision with Recognition. You can do search with Amazon Kendra. You can do chatbots with Amazon Lex, speech with Amazon Poly and Amazon Transcribe, recommendations with Personalize. And then if you want to do machine learning as a whole, you could use Amazon SageMaker, which is a huge service in AWS. So you can do everything on your own computer, of course, or on your own server in the cloud. But you may want to use these services. Well, why? Because they have responsiveness and availability. So they can be available in many different Regions, and they're always available. You have redundancy, and they can be deployed across multiple Availability Zones. That means that if you have a failure in the cloud, then these services may still work. They have good performance. That means they have specialized CPU and GPUs that are embedded in these services to give you the best cost savings for your use case. And also, most of these services are going to be token-based pricing. That means you're going to pay only for what you use, which is great because you don't have to over-provision servers in order to perform your use case. Finally, you can also, if you wanted to, have provision throughput for some of these services, and this is for predictable workloads that gives you more cost savings and even more predictable performance. So AWS will want you to know about these services from an exam perspective, and this is what we're going to explore in this section. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.