So, now let's have a look at Amazon Translate. So, you just enter it, and so this is a neural network that is powering a translation service. So you can do any kind of translation. For example, we can do from English into French and then say, "Hello, how are you?" And then automatically (speaking French) So this is working easily and you have a lot of options available to you for source and target languages. And you can also translate entire documents. So, again, you would choose the source language, the target language. You would upload a file, specify the document types, so plain text, HTML or docx. And then, there you go, this document would be translated. So this is very handy. You can also do batch translation. So this is a translation job in which you would create the job. Again, specify the source and the target language. And, here, the input data would be an Amazon S3 bucket where you would put all your documents that you wanna be translated, as well as their formats. And, finally, you would say where in Amazon history you want the translations to be. This is very helpful when you want to do a translation of many different files at the same time. So let's cancel this job. Here, around metrics, you can view how many requests of translation have been successful or unsuccessful, which is important to have a look at if Amazon Translate is doing its job correctly. And then we can customize it. So we have custom terminology. So in info you will get more info. But the idea is that, for example, your brand name, your character's name, your unique content may have unique translations into other languages. And, so, therefore you would create a dictionaries, called the terminology here. And this terminology, you can be having it in CSV format, or TSV format or TMX format. And this will help Amazon Translate, translate your specific terms and use that. Finally, you have parallel data. So this is more around how you want to customize the style of the translation. So, here, they give a very good example. For example, the sentence, "How are you?" If you are in a very informal context in French would be (speaking French language) which is a very easy and informal way of saying, "How are you?" But if you are in an office, for example, a law office, you may want to translate into (speaking French language) which is the more formal way of saying "How are you?" in French. And so this is where you would set it up, here in Amazon Translates. Of course, this was a high-level overview, but I want to give you an overview about how the service works and what it can do. And you could also try it around on your own. But it's quite a straightforward service, I think. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.