So now let's have a look at Amazon Polly. So let's click on try Polly. As you can see, I can do text to speech and have different engines. So we have the generative, which is producing the most expressive and adaptive speech using gen AI, long form to have longer content, neural, which is more human-like than standard, or standard, and so you get to choose whatever you want and you can try it out. For example, we have this info text, hi, I'm Ruth. I can read any text for you. Test it out! So let's listen to it. Hi, I'm Ruth. I can read any text for you. Test it out! So you see, this sounds pretty good and natural. We can try something else, so hi, I'm Stephane, and I'm teaching AWS, it's awesome! And let's try this for the long form, for example, and I'm gonna give myself a male voice, the voice of Gregory. Hi, I'm Stephane and I'm teaching AWS, it's awesome! Okay, and so we can see that this works really well, but let's use SSML. So we are going to use a markup language and for example, we want to test it on this, but I'm going to just have a break here. So I'm teaching and I think this should work or let's copy this into SSML, here we go. I'm teaching &lt;break&gt; AWS, and so this should make a little pause here because we have provided some markup information. So let's try it out. And yeah, of course I need to add the &lt;speak&gt; at the beginning, and then the &lt;speak&gt; like this at the end, and then for break, I need to add like this. Okay, so now it's gonna say, hopefully add a pause, here we go. Hi, I'm Stephane and I'm teaching AWS, it's awesome! You see there was a pause between teaching and AWS. So you can experiment, but this is a pretty natural service to use and you can look at the additional settings to customize pronunciation. For example, if I wanted my name to be pronounced correctly, I could probably use this, or to have different output format for your speech. Okay, that's it, I hope you liked Amazon Polly, and I will see you in the next lecture!