Okay, so let's go ahead and learn about Amazon Textracts. So in the search bar, we just enter Textracts and you have a button here to try Amazon Textracts. So we have a few demos on the left-hand side. We can analyze the document, an expense, an ID, and lending, and you can also upload your own documents if you wanted to. So I will just show you a few features of Amazon Textract in here. So here we have a paystub and it's a simple document and it's been automatically analyzed. So this is an image. This looks like a scan. So this is not a PDF that has actual text in it It's a scan of an image and there's a paycheck in there. So it's a complex document and you can choose a different sample if you wanted to, but we use the paystub right now. And so what we see here is that Amazon Textract is able to extract the raw text. So all this text in this file, for example here, here, here and so on, has been extracted. and you can have a look at the data itself. But we can go further than this. Amazon extract is able to also understand the layout of your page. For example, what is a title? So the title is Earning Statements. It's a section header, and here for example, we have a table. So we see that out of the image it was able to organize the information, which is very nice. Then you have forms, so what is the field and what is the value? For example, if we look here, period ending right here in the statement. So let me just zoom in so you can see, period ending has the value 7/18/ 2008. And this is exactly detected here so it's a bunch of key value pairs that have been extracted from the form. So this could be, for example, here, this could be a pay date, this could be a social security number. It could be for example, the gross pay and the value itself. So a lot of the key value pairs have been extracted directly from the documents. It's also able to extract tables. So here we can view all the related tables. Let's have a look for example at this one right here. So we have earnings rate, hours, period and year-to-date, and we have all the lines of this table as well that have been detected, so it's extremely powerful. And you can also view this one, for example, the deductions, again, we have an idea of all the different line items within this table. So this is extremely, extremely helpful. And finally, you can also run queries. For example, you can ask, hey, what is the year to date gross pay and get the value right here. But you can enter any query you wanted to. For example, what is the regular hourly rates? Submit the query and then automatically Amazon Textract is going to answer 10 and this is 10. So this is super nice and very powerful because from an image we're able to extract all the information. You on your own can have a look as well at expenses. So this is a feature of Amazon Textract where you look at the vendor and you look at the line item. So what has been spent and what is the price of it, extremely powerful as well. And then you can also analyze IDs. So you try to understand and to extract data from, for example, a Massachusetts ID, where you get the first name, the last name, the city, the address, the document number, and so on. Because these fields can be standardized and extracted as well by Amazon Textract. So I hope you have a better understanding now of what this service is about. It is very powerful and something that can come up at the exam. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.