So now let's go ahead and just practice using Amazon Q Apps. So Q Apps are right here on the left hand side. And to create a new app just click here, and then you need to give instructions to start creating an app. So we're going to actually use one of these examples. So for example, we can say, "Hey, get customer feedback analyzer to parse and analyze customer feedback." So when you click on this, this is introducing instructions on how the app should be created. So it says, "Create an app that provides a high-level summary of customer feedback." And then there's a file that is given with customer feedback. And then when the given product categories are high-level summary, generate an outline on this one. So here we describe to Amazon Q Apps what we want the app to be. And then we click on generate. So we click on generate right here. And this is behind the scene creating an app that will be fitting our requirements. We can always customize the app, but here, as you can see now, automatically, Amazon Q Apps did create for us a file, customer file feedback, dropdown, so we can click here to actually upload a file if we wanted to. So as you can see now I have provided a file, so it's not customer feedback, of course, but it is a file. And then we need to enter product categories. So this would be like just data you have. So product category 1, product category 2, et cetera, whatever the names would be. And then you would click on run and this will give you the customer feedback summary based on these product categories and what was provided. Now, if I try to click on run here, I don't expect the output to be any good because, well, my Q App is not meant for this kind of input file, right? See, I apologize, but I do not have access to any customer feedback based on this file. But the cool thing about here is that when we're experimenting, we can add more cards so we can have more user inputs, more text... More file uploads, for example, and more text outputs. And you can configure everything. So here, the text output is based on the prompt. And here, the prompt is outlined here. So we say given the customer feedback file, and then we reference the file that we have right here. So this is why it's highlighted. And the product categories, and then we give the product categories here generate a high-level summary that outlines highlights and lowlights. But this can be edited. So you can really just say based on the file @ Customer Feedback File do Product Categories. So you can really just start being very creative with your apps and say, "Okay, is it only from approved data sources or as well LLM knowledge?" And you can edit everything. So we're going to discard my changes. But create some complicated apps. And I'm pretty sure over time AWS is going to add more cards in here. And then you publish. And you will have created a library of applications, and this is your Amazon Q App. So I will publish, sorry, I need to put... Okay, it says IT and publish. And now in my library, I have access to my IT app to analyze the customer feedback. So this is very handy because this enhances the capability of your company to create gen AI based apps on your own data very quickly. So I hope you liked it. I hope you see the power of Amazon Q Apps, and I will see you in the next lecture.