Welcome back. In the previous lecture we configured our laptop or desktop for Apache Spark. We downloaded Spark Binderies, we configured JDK Python, we configured lot of environment variables. We set up Apache Spark on our local machine. We also tested that Apache Spark is running on our local machine using the command line. So Spark is there on my machine. Now let's assume I have a requirement to develop a Spark application and I want to do it on my local machine. So we want to learn how to develop Apache Spark applications on a laptop or a desktop on your local machine and run it there and test it there. And then think about how can we deploy it on the cluster once the application is ready. So to learn that and to understand the complications and solutions or doing a local development, let's take a simple super, super simple scenario. So let's assume that I have a requirement and the requirement is super simple. We are not complicating the requirement just to understand how to do development on the local machine and how the program is structured looks like on the local machine. So let's assume we have a requirement, create a Spark application as the following. Only two things. That application reads data from a survey.csv data file. So we need to read data from a data file. Obviously after reading the data, we need to create a data frame and then computes the analysis results as shown below. So on that initial data frame, we apply some transformation, some requirements, some logic to perform analysis and produce the analysis results which should be looking like this. And it simply says country and count, country United States, count four, Canada, two, United Kingdom, one. So it looks like what we want to do. Read data from this survey.csv file, create a data frame and perform a group by count analysis on that data frame. That's my result, right? And then print that result or produce that result. That's all super simple if you have to do it in the notebook environment, you already learn how to write code for doing this, right? But we want to develop this tiny application in the local development environment or on our local machine. How can we do it? Before we start trying to do this, let's try to understand some basic complications or problems while working on your local machine. When you know that whatever application you are developing on your local machine will be deployed on a cluster in maybe in the production environment or maybe in the test environment or in the QA environment or whatever different cluster environment. So what are the basic problems? So we have a problem that we will be developing on local machine, but later this application will be deployed on a cluster where it'll be running on the cluster. And this basic fact gives me two very basic, the first line of problems. The first problem is, is Spark session. We know that for reading data, we need a Spark session or for doing anything in Spark or a starting an Spark application, we need a Spark session. We learned that, that Spark session is created on local machine or it is created on the cluster machine. When the Spark session is created for local, it will run your code, your Spark application using CPU of your local machine memory of your local machine, right? It'll be using resources of your local machine for running your Spark application. But when you deploy it on the cluster on a different environment, your Spark session should be using resources from your Spark cluster, right? CPU and memory from your Spark cluster. So the first problem is is Spark session for local machine is different and is Spark session for the cluster is different. So how do we handle that? While developing our application and testing it on my laptop, I should be creating a local Spark session and when we go and deploy our application on the cluster, we should be creating a Spark session for the cluster. Right? So that's the first challenge or first variable, right? It's just a variable. If you are doing it on local, variable value is local. If you're doing it on the cluster, the variable value will be cluster, right? So how do we handle this variable? The second variable is data file, right? For writing a Spark application and then for testing that Spark application for running, we need some data file. The requirement is to read data from the survey.csv file. So we need some data file on my local machine so I can read from the local machine, run the application, test it on the local machine, right? But when it goes on the cluster, when we deploy our application, finally on the cluster, the data file will be on the cluster, right? It'll be in the distributed storage. So my application should read data file from the cluster location. So which data file to read and what is the location of the data file is another variable that we have to manage. One small consideration here is that on the cluster you might have the actual data file, which is huge, which could be huge, right? Maybe 100 GB, 50 GB kind of thing. But on your local machine, when you are developing and testing your application, you cannot handle 100 GB or you don't want to handle 100 GB, 50 GB kind of data, you are just developing. So you need a sample data file which is small enough and have enough data in the format that you expect it to be on the cluster. You need a simple sample data file on your local machine which you can use for developing and testing and debugging your application locally. Once you are done developing, then when you deploy your application on the production cluster, it will be using data anywhere from the cluster, right? So these are the few complications or additional considerations when our development environment is different and the production environment is different, especially when our development environment is local machine and the production environment is a cluster of computers. So with these two considerations, now let's start working on the requirement and I'll be using PyCharm as my ID for this lecture. PyCharm is a very popular Python ID and we are writing code in PySpark, which is Python code. So I'll be using PyCharm. PyCharm is free. If you already have PyCharm installed on your machine, great. If not, you can download it from the JetBrains website, it is freely available for you and start using it. If you're already familiar with PyCharm, great, nothing like that. So that's all, let's go and start the ID and start working on this requirement. So let me go ahead and start my ID and create a new project. So link for creating a new project is here. I have the latest PyCharm as on date. If you are using an older version of the PyCharm or even newer version than what I'm using, the UI might be a little different but nothing to worry. Core functionality still remains the same. So what we want to do, we want to create a new project. So let me hit the new project and where do I save my project? Choose your location. You can browse from here and choose your location and what is the project name? So let me call it Hello Spark. This is the first Spark application that we are going to develop on our local machine. So let's call it Hello Spark. Your ID might be asking you to create a welcome script. If it is, then uncheck it because we don't need a welcome script automatically created. We will be creating everything from scratch. We want a empty project, so do not create any welcome screen. Interpreter type. You can use Project Virtual environment which is perfectly fine. So I'll be using Project Virtual environment and which Python version. Make sure to choose the same Python version which you have configured with the Spark Home on your local machine. In the previous lecture, we configured a Spark Home. We installed Python, I installed Python 3.11. So I'll be using this same Python 3.11. Your ID might be giving you option to use higher version of Python or even lower version of Python. Don't change the Python version. Use the same which you have configured on your local machine for developing Spark applications. If you choose a different version, you might see a lot of conflicts and unnecessary errors. So choose this and that's all. Create a new project and we got a new project folder. Project name is Hello Spark. And this is the location where project is told. And I have one virtual environment directory. We don't care much about that. Some sanity checks before we start developing project or writing code. Here on this, you can see what is your current Python interpreter or Python version for this project, it is showing 3.11 and that's what we wanted. If it is not showing the desired version, you are doing something wrong. You haven't set up your Spark home and Spark environment variables on your local machine correctly. Go back to the previous lecture and make sure you have configured Spark on your local machine correctly. That's first sanity check. Second check is come to these and you can come to Python packages and expand this. You should see PySpark pre-installed in this project. This is automatically detected from a Spark home if you have correctly configured a Spark home. and PySpark, Python and other environment variables. As soon as you choose this Python interpreter, this 3.11, same Python interpreter, these dependencies are automatically installed. These are just basic dependencies which are automatically inferred from the Spark home. So this should be already installed. By any reason, if PySpark is not listed in the installed dependencies, you can search for the PySpark and install the desired version. So if you search for the PySpark here, PySpark here, it'll show you PySpark in the PyPi, it is already installed so it is not showing for me. But if you see that there and select the PySpark, it'll show you what is PySpark, select the PySpark from the search results and come here, choose your desired version. It should be the same version which you have downloaded and installed locally on your machine. And click the install button. As of now, it is already installed so it is showing me uninstalled. But ideally, if you have configured Apache Spark on your local machine correctly, if you have set up all the environment variables, everything is done correctly, this should be already there in your installed packages. So that's all, two sanity checks. If both are good, you have desired Python version here and you have PySpark installed, you are ready to develop Spark applications. So that's all. Now let's start thinking how can we start developing a Spark application for the requirement that we discussed. The first thing is data. Let's fix the data problem. So for doing the development on local machine, I need data file on my local machine, right? And what I can do in my project folder, I can add a new directory here, let's call it data directory and keep my test data file in this data directory. When I say test data file, it means it should be a small sample of the actual data file that we are expecting in the production environment. In the production environment, data file may have millions of records, maybe 50 GB, 100 GB or even terabyte in size. That's fine for the production, but for local development environment, I need a sample of that data file. Maybe 50, 100, 200, 500, 1000 records, whatever. So you have to get that data from your project. So I have got that sample data file for the survey and I have it here in my desktop. So instead of keeping it somewhere else, I want to keep it in my project data directory. So simply drag and drop it here inside my data directory. Click okay and it'll move the file and open the file also in the editor. So this is the file. We have one header here and nine records total. 10 lines, let's close it, that's fine. So we have the data file here. So I have kind of solved the data file problem, right? And now let's think about the requirement. What do we want to do? We want to do two things, load the data, create a data frame, and then perform the analysis, desired analysis to produce the result. Only two things, right? So for doing two things, ideal case I should be creating two functions, right? So let's create two functions and since I'm using a local development environment, let's follow a best practice here. So right click and create a new Python package here and let's call it lib. And inside the lib, I want to create a new Python file. Let's call it utils or whatever, right? You can name it Hello Spark analysis, Hello Spark utils or whatever. So let's call it utils. And this is the library where I will create some of the reusable functions which I will be using in the main application and do the desired work, right? So what are the utility functions that I want to create? The basic thing that I want to create here is one function. Let's call it load survey DF, right? One function for loading the data, right? And one function, let's call it def count by country. And that's my analysis. Second function, two functions I want to create, right? One more function I want to create here and solve the Spark session problem. We learned earlier that we need to create a Spark session differently for local development environment and differently for a cluster, right? So let's create a function for doing that. Let's call it get Spark session. And this function takes one input parameter called ENV which will be STR or a string and it'll look for the string and if ENV equal to a Spark, no, ENV equal to local, right? Then create a Spark session which is for local, right? So we will create and return a Spark session. We will create a Spark session, let's say in this piece of code and I need a Spark session. So I have to import a Spark session, right? So from PySpark.SQL, input a Spark session. We already learned how to create a Spark session, right? So it's sparksession.builder. And for local, we have to say master, one additional parameter which is known as master and which tells that master is local and threads because on the local Spark session will get your CPU codes from your local machine for running your Spark code and it'll create multiple threads based on the CPUs, number of CPUs, available on your local machine to simulate distributed computing. Right? In the cluster a Spark runs on a distributed cluster. So it gets a distributed cluster there, but on your local machine, it is not distributed cluster. So maybe you need to create multiple threads and let's configure it to two threads so that it kind of simulates the distributed behavior on your local machine doing two threads. So that's what this two means. You can give three, you can give 10, but if you have a CPU which cannot help you to create 10 threads, then it won't be able to create 10 threats, right? So we said two, which is little safe, local means your session will be bound to your local CPU and that's all. Then we know how to create a Spark session, right? So get our create, that's all. That's my local session. But what if input or the environment is not local, right? Then we are on the cluster. And on the cluster, we can create a sparksession.builder, get our create. That's all. We don't need to set this master as local. So get this Spark session is intelligent function now, right? It will expect us to tell which environment you are running your application. Simply say local or say cluster or broad or QA, whatever you want to say, right? And if you are running on local, it'll create a Spark session and give that a Spark session which is bound to your local machine, else it'll create a Spark session which is by default bound to the cluster machine wherever it is deployed. So that's all. So one big problem of the Spark session is solved. Now we need to finish these two functions. So for loading a Spark survey data, we will need a Spark session and data file path, right? So let me pass those two parameters, right? And that's all, I'm not going to type code here. I'll copy-paste code because you already learned how to read data from a given data file and create a data frame. What do we need? We need schema. So I will copy paste the schema. A schema, let's say file schema is this, right, for my sample file. And then we need to use sparksession.read.format, all that, and create a data frame and return that data frame. So I'm going to paste that code also here is spark.readformat.csv. Option header equal to two, the schema equal to this schema and load from the data file location which is a parameter for this function, right? And that's all, we will return a data frame after creating it and count by country. This will be the second function which will expect our data frame, survey data frame and do the desired analysis. So this guy will expect our data frame as an input and then what it will do? it will return the result of an analysis, right? And analysis is simple, we want to do a group by count. So let me copy-paste the code here for analysis. So we start with this survey DF. I'm applying a filter also, filter where age is less than 40, grouped by country and count, that's all. And whatever result data frame is created, return that. So my units are ready, right? What is next? Next step is to go and create the main program, right? So let's close this and create a new Python file outside the library and we call it, let's say hellospark.py, right? So that's my main method and we know in Python, we define the main something like if name equal to main, right? Then write code here, right? So what do we want to do here? We know we have two variables. The first variable is whether we are running on local or we are running this application on the cluster. So that's the first variable. The second variable is where to load data from, load data from this data directory in my local machine or load data from the data directory or a volume or some distributed data file location in the production cluster, right? This program should run at the both places. So what I can do, I can put these two things in the command line argument, right? So let's write code here if length of sys.argv is not equal to three and I need to import sys, then let's put a print statement here. Let me put a print statement which is like an error message and then exit, sys exit minus one, right? So this program expects two command line arguments. Number is three, this comes as a zero. Your program name itself, the first parameter should be local or the QA or the prod environment name, right? When you are running on the local, you should pass local. If you are running in the production, you should pass prod. If you're running in the QA, you should pass QA as the first argument. And the second argument it expects is the file path from where to load data file. So these arguments are necessary if you are running this application, this main without these arguments, we print this message and exit with an error, right? So once that is done then we know that we have arguments and we need to extract that, right? Or use those. So first thing first, we need to create a Spark session, right? So let's create a Spark session and how do I create a Spark session? We have written a method called or a function called get a Spark session, right? Written a function which expects the environment name and environment name is available or it is passed in the argument, command line argument, ARGV of one. Right? And this function, what is this? I have created this in the libs, right? So let me import from lib, import, let's import everything, right? We will anyway need that. So why it is not showing up? Okay. So inside lib, I have utils, so lib.utils. Right? Import a star. So import all functions. I got this Spark session and once I got this Spark session, I can load the data. But for loading data, I need file name or file path. So let's say file path is in the second argument, right? We have three arguments. First argument is the application name itself. Second argument is the environment, third argument is the file path. So we got the file path and once we got the file path, we can create the data frame, right? Survey DF. Survey DF equal to how to create the data frame. We created a function, right load survey DF, which takes two parameters, Spark session and the file path, we have both. We get the survey DF and then we want a result DF, which I can create from the second function, C-O-U-N-T, count by what is it? Why it is not picking up count by country, right? So it should be count by country and count by country expects the survey DF. So we pass the survey DF and once we have the result DF, the sky result DF, I can show the results. So I can call the show method. Display is a Databricks method. So we are not in the Databricks environment so display will not work. I have to use the show method and that's all, my application is done, my library is done, my main application is done, it is on the local machine and now I can try running it. So let's run it. And we got this error because we are not passing any argument. So it says Hello Spark, blah, blah, blah. Arguments are missing. So how do I pass the command line argument in this environment? Come here and run with parameters, right? So name is Hello Spark and a script parameter. First parameter, I want to tell that I'm running from local, right? And second parameter I want to tell where is my data file. So my data file is in the data/ what is the file name, sample, I guess sample.csv and that's all. Now I can run. Worked, right? So we are reading data and we are calculating count by country and displaying the result here and I was able to run my Spark application locally on my local machine. So that's all, that's how you develop your Spark application on the local machine. If you want you can do unit testing also on your local machine. So for doing unit testing, let's create one new Python file and write pytest code, right? Test, let's say hello, it's back, right? And if you already know pytest you can simply write the pytest. So I need to import pytest, pytest, pytest is not available, not installed in my environment. So I can come to Python packages, search for pytest and I will get pytest. And what is pytest? Let's install the latest version of the pytest in my environment. Pytest 902 is being installed here and that error is gone. We will need to import a few other things for testing my functions in the utils. I need to import everything from the utils. And for validating data frame equality, I need to import the asset data frame equal. All these things you have learned in the previous lecture. And I'm going to create two pytest fixtures here. I'll paste the code here. The first pytest fixture is the Spark session, right? A Spark session. And we already developed a function to generate or create a Spark session. Pytest will always run on the local machine so we hard coded that the environment will be local and get the Spark session and return that. That's all. And for file, we will always run the pytest or unit test on the sample data file or the test data file, which is included in the project itself. So we hard code that also. So these two parameters or these two fixtures are hardcoded. And now I need to write a test for testing my two functions. So test case for test load survey data is simple. We need two things. One is a Spark session which comes from this first fixture. We need the sample data file which comes from this fixture. So these two will be passed by the pytest and I calculate expected number of rows using my load survey DF past this Spark session, past the file name, get the count and that's my expected count. And assert my expected count should be nine, that's all. And let's test the second one. Function, grouping aggregate. So test count by country, this guy needs a Spark session and also needs the file location. And how do I get the expected result? Expected result, I know it should show me count for three countries. For US, it should be four. For Canada, it should be two. And from UK, it should be one based on the sample data that I have, right? So I'm creating a data list, giving a schema, country is a string, count is long and creating a expected data frame using create data frame, giving the data list and data schema. And we got the data frame and this is the final expected data frame. Now let's create the actual data frame for creating actual data frame. The actual result, I need to load data. So I call load survey DF, get the raw data frame and then call the count by country, pass the raw data frame there and get the actual count. And once I have the actual expected, just assert these two. That's all, that's my unit test case. And now you want to run it, just run the Python test case here and you can do the unit testing also locally in your ID, there are two tests, 50% passed, two tests passed, two tests total. For second is blah, blah, blah. So my unit test cases are also passed. So that's how we do development on the local machine using Apache Spark on your local machine using your favorite ID. I'm using PyCharm here. So that's all. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing. (upbeat music)