So we've talked a lot about ways to measure the accuracy or precision or recall F1 score, whatever it is, of categorical predictions. But there's other types of predictions out there as well. So we've been talking about measuring classification problems so far. And this is a very common use case in machine learning right. So accuracy precision recall F1 score. These are all classification metrics. So so accuracy how accurate are our predictions. Overall precision and recall. You know tuning in more to false positives or false negatives. F1 score kind of being a blend of the two. However sometimes you're predicting actual numerical values and not discrete classifications. So you got to use a different technique for measuring how accurate your numerical predictions are. So if you're doing regression or something like that where you're producing a predicted value, that's a number and not just a classification, you need some different types of metrics. One is called r squared. And that is technically the square of the correlation coefficient between the observed outcomes and the predicted outcomes. So this example on the right here, that line that I fit there with a regression, those are my predicted values for a given x value. And those dots those blue triangles are the actual observed real values. So we can look at the correlation between that line and the actual data and square that. And you get r squared. More commonly you might see something like RMSE. Or maybe that's root mean squared error and mean absolute error, which is pretty much what it sounds like. So error in each case is going to be the distance between that prediction and the actual data point. So for every one of those blue triangles I can measure how far it is from that black line. That's the error. And if I just take the average of that, the mean of those values and take the absolute value, that's me. That's it. If I square it, that's going to give me RMSE, which just is more of a better job of punishing outliers. But just remember RMSE Mae R squared. Those are ways of measuring numerical predictions as opposed to categorical predictions.