Let's talk about the world of ensemble learning and specifically bagging and boosting. Any machine learning expert should know this stuff, and therefore the exam might expect you to know it too. What is an ensemble method? Well, it's best illustrated by an example if you've heard of Random Forests, that's one example of an ensemble method. Basically, at a high level, an ensemble method takes multiple models, and they might be just variations of the same model and lets them all vote on a final result. So if I have a decision tree, maybe I'll make a little variant of that decision tree that was created using different thresholds or a different set of training data, and I can create many decision trees for the same problem and let them all vote on the final result. It turns out that often that ends up with a better result than just using a single decision tree. So that's how random forests work. So how do those trees differ? Well, that's where we get into the nuances between bagging and boosting. So bagging would generate multiple training sets by random sampling with replacement. So basically we create a bunch of different models that just have different training sets that are generated this way that are resampled from the original set of training data. The advantage of this is that you can train all of those models in parallel, right? And then just let them all vote on a final result. So model one might say this is classification one. Model two might say it's also one. Model All three. Might say it's two. So in the end, they all vote on what the actual classification is, and together they end up being more robust than a single model would have been. Boosting, in contrast, works in a more serial manner. So with boosting, we assign weights to each observation in our data set. We start off assuming that every data point has equal weight, but as we run our model, we assign weights to those data set points. And as we learn that over time, we keep refining those weights of the underlying observations. And this yields a model that's better in the end of the day. So that runs in a more sequential manner, where we start off running our model with equal weights on each observation. At each stage, we reweight the data and the model, and we run it again with that data and the new weights. And we just keep iterating on that until we get a better and better result. That's how boosting works. How do you choose one versus the other? Well, I got to say, boosting is pretty hot these days. XGBoost, which is a big part of SageMaker as well, is a very hot algorithm these days. If you look at Kaggle, a lot of Kaggle challenges are being won by XGBoost right now. Boosting really works well. So if you care about accuracy, boosting is probably a good thing to try out. Its strength is Accuracy. However, bagging is a good way to avoid overfitting, right? Because that's actually sort of spreading out your data and subsampling it more. So that prevents any individual model from overfitting, and they all end up voting on a final result. And even if any one model in a bagging model were overfitting, the other models should balance that out right and sort of average out that overfitting that might be happening in any one specific model. So it's a good way to sort of smooth out any overfitting that might be happening by having multiple models that all vote on the result. That might, if they are overfitting, at least are probably overfitting in different ways. Right? So that cancels itself out. Bagging is going to be a lot easier to parallelize as we said as well. So like we said boosting is more of a serial process. Bagging can happen in parallel. So bagging obviously can happen faster if you have parallel resources to work with. So what should you use? It depends on your goal. If you care about accuracy above all else, boosting is worth looking at. If you care about preventing overfitting, having a regularization effect, and having a more parallelizable architecture, bagging is probably the thing you want to be looking at instead. So that's bagging and boosting the difference between the two when you would use one over the other.