Let's talk about automatic model tuning within SageMaker, which is a very exciting capability of the SageMaker system. So hyperparameter tuning is kind of a really big problem in the world of machine learning. So for all these algorithms we've talked about, we've talked about the different hyperparameters that they exposed. And there's a lot of them. Right. How do you find the most optimal values to set for these things? Well, we have some guidance on some of these things. I mean, we've talked about the effects of different learning rates and batch sizes and depths. You know, some of these cause you to find local minima that aren't the right answer. Some of them can cause you to overfit your model, things like that. But to find the absolute best value of these things, it's tough. I mean, these are very complicated systems, and there's really no better way that we've come up with yet than just trying different values and seeing which one works the best. So often you just have to experiment with different values of these parameters to end up with a model that's as optimal as it can be. It's kind of a machine learning, dirty little secret that we don't fully understand what's going on inside there. And a lot of it's just trial and error to see what works. And this problem blows up very quickly when you have many different parameters that you want to optimize at once. So if I have ten different values of learning rate that I want to try to drill in on, well that's fine. I can just train my model and test it ten times and figure out which learning rate worked the best. But if I have ten different learning rates and ten different batch sizes that I want to try out, well, now I have ten times ten different possibilities to try. If I want to throw in like different depths of the network as well, I just blew it up by another order of magnitude. So as you add more and more hyper parameters that you want to try to tune at once, this problem just grows exponentially. You have to try every combination of every possible value, and every time you have to train a model and evaluate that model. And as you can see, this gets really, really, really, really expensive, both in terms of time and money very quickly. So that's what automatic model tuning and SageMaker tries to help with. Basically, you just define the hyperparameters that you care about and the ranges of values that you want to try on those hyperparameters and what metric you're optimizing for. SageMaker can then spin up what we call a hyperparameter tuning job that will train as many of those combinations as you allow, so you can set an upper bound on how many training steps you want to run to control your costs. And it will try to work within that bound. And as it goes, it will actually spin up training instances to run as much in parallel as it can, potentially quite a few of them, and just try to plow through all those different combinations of parameters as quickly as it can. It can involve quite a bit of computing power, but at least, you know, we can use the parallel capabilities of SageMaker and the ability to spin up entire separate instances to do this, for you to try to make that as quick as possible. Once you're done, the set of hyperparameters that produce the best results can be turned around and deployed as a highly tuned model that uses the best parameters you could find. But here's where it gets really cool. So the thing that's special about automatic model tuning in SageMaker is that it learns as it goes, so it doesn't actually try every possible combination. It can actually learn over time that, you know, going in this direction on this parameter is having a positive effect, and this one is having a negative effect. And it can use that to be more intelligent about the actual parameters that it tries out. So it doesn't necessarily try every possible combination of those parameters. It learns as it goes to try to figure out intelligently which ones make the most sense to try out next. And by doing that, it can save a lot in terms of the resources required to do your hyperparameter tuning. Now, there are some best practices you should follow when doing automatic model tuning in SageMaker, and this is important. Remember this stuff. First of all, don't try to optimize too many hyperparameters at once. Like we talked about. This explodes very quickly and as you add more hyperparameters, that's basically another dimension of parameter space that you need to explore, and it just blows up exponentially. So try to focus on the hyperparameters that you think will have the most impact on the accuracy of your model, or whatever metric you're optimizing for. Start with those first. You can always do more tuning on other parameters as a second pass later on. Also, make sure you limit your ranges to a smaller range as possible. If you have some guidance as to what parameters might work. Don't explore crazy values on the outside of that, because that will just yield work that you don't need to be done. Another key one is using logarithmic scales when appropriate. So whenever you do an automatic model tuning job, you tell it not only the range, but also the scale in which you want to explore this range. Linear will just go through in a linear, linear manner, but if you have a hyper parameter where the values tend to range from something like 0.001 to 0.1, for example, you probably want to try a logarithmic scale for that instead. Right. If you did a linear scale, you'd be there all day, but logarithmic would explore that more quickly. Also, do not run too many training jobs concurrently. Like we talked about. Sagemaker's parameter tuning learns as it goes, and it can't do that learning. If it's doing everything in parallel, it works much better if you just run, you know, 1 or 2 training jobs at once. Allow SageMaker to learn from those results and then run the next set of training jobs. So don't run too many training jobs concurrently with parameter tuning. That can limit how well the process can learn, which is really the key to Sagemaker's efficiency in doing hyperparameter tuning. Also, finally, if you have a training job that's running across multiple instances, you have to take care to make sure that the correct objective metric in the end is being reported from the sum result of all those training instances. So if you're doing your own training job code, that can be a little bit tricky. You want to make sure that it plays nice with hyperparameter tuning. By reporting the objective that you're trying to optimize on in hyperparameter tuning at the end when all those instances come back together. But the key ones to remember here are. Use a small range if you can. Don't do too many hyperparameters at once. Don't run too many training jobs concurrently because the learning relies on sort of that sequential learning over time and also, whenever appropriate, use logarithmic scales for exploring your parameter space