Let's also talk about SageMaker autopilot in a little bit more depth, because this two is showing up in the exam now. SageMaker autopilot is just a wrapper on what we call AutoML. So the idea of just automatically figuring out what the right model and algorithm is to make predictions based on your data. So this kind of is a automated you if you will. It's doing all the heavy lifting of figuring out what the best model is to apply and how to tune that model to get the best results automatically. So there is literally a wizard you can go through that says, my data is here. This is the thing I want to predict. Here is my data that I want to train it on, and it goes off and figures it out for you. It will create an optimized model, figure out what model to use, how to tune it, and show you what the results are. It's anyone can do it. It's kind of crazy. So it can automate algorithm selection. Also your data pre-processing, the tuning of that model and all the associated infrastructure and making it all work together. So literally with a few clicks of a mouse, you too can be a machine learning engineer. Crazy, right? It does all the trial and error for you under the hood automatically. All the hyperparameter tuning, all the experimenting with different model types, and you will automatically get an optimal result. Now more broadly, again this is called AutoML. That's nothing new, but SageMaker autopilot is their name for AutoML in SageMaker. The workflow looks like this. So they do allow you a little bit more control if you want it. The first step is to load your data from S3 somewhere for training purposes. You then need to select your target column for the thing you want to predict, and then it kicks off automatic model creation. So it goes off and tries different models and finds the one that works best for your data for creating the best predictions. It will then at that point offer you a model notebook. So it is not entirely a black box. It will give you a notebook so you can see what it actually came up with, and you can have visibility into what it's doing and control that and tweak it if you want to. So you can just use autopilot as a starting point, which is a really good idea that will save you a lot of work, right? But you can still apply your own judgment and refinement to what it comes up with. If you want to, it also exposes a model leaderboard, so you will be presented with a ranked list of the recommended models, the ones that performed the best, and you can pick one if you want to. You don't have to use the number one choice. You can go back and change that if you need to, and then you can deploy and monitor that model once you've selected it. And if you can monitor it over time and if you need to, you can refine it in that notebook that it gave you earlier if need be. Or you can just let it run. So yeah, this is like a actual screenshot from SageMaker autopilot here. Do you want to run a complete experiment? Yes. It will just go off and do it. It's it's um I'm not sure how to feel about it, quite honestly. It kind of oversimplifies things, but that's what it does. It works. A few more details on autopilot. You can add in as much or as little human guidance into the process as well, so you can let it do the whole thing automatically, or you can inject human guidance along the way. You can use it with or without code as well. So if you don't want to write any code, you don't have to. But if you want to. In SageMaker studio, you can use any of the AWS SDKs to inject code into the process as well. Three main types of problems. You can use autopilot on binary classification. Whether or not something is true or false, or in one category or the other. Multi-Class classification as well. And also regression. You know, doing a simple prediction based on a past data points. There are three main algorithm types to choose from. If you're running autopilot in hyperparameter optimization mode, or HPO, that's linear learner XGBoost and any number of deep learning algorithms as well. There's also a mode called ensemble mode that automatically mixes together all of those algorithms, and then some, and lets them all sort of vote on the best outcome based on the ensemble of algorithms as well. That's also an option. Your input data must either be tabular, CSV, or more recently parquet has been added as well as an input type. A little more depth on autopilots training modes. I'm a little surprised this much depth is on the exam, but that's what we're hearing. So there's a few choices you can select when you're setting up autopilot. One is for hyperparameter optimization or HPO, and in this method, autopilot will automatically select the algorithms that are most relevant to your data set. Talked about that a little bit in the previous slide. The choices that it has to work from are linear learner XGBoost or a deep learning multi-level perceptron sort of thing, and it will automatically set the best range of hyperparameters to tune your model, and then go off and run up to 100 trials by default to find the optimal hyperparameters in that range. As you can imagine, that might get kind of expensive and resource intensive, but hey, it works now. How it actually does that depends on the size of your data set. So if your data set is less than 100MB in size, it will use something called Bayesian optimization. But if it's greater than that, if it's a large data set, then it will use Multi-fidelity optimization. That means that it will automatically stop a trial that's running if it's performing poorly compared to other trials that it ran earlier. The other choice is Ensembling. And again, this is just more depth on what we talked about in the previous slide. The way that works is that it trains several base models at once, using something called the Autogluon library, and it has a wider range of models to choose from in the Ensembling mode. So in addition to Linear Learner, XGBoost and deep learning, there are more tree based methods that are available to it and neural network algorithms as well. You know, just things like random forests and a bunch of other tree related ones and, and some neural network algorithms that are based on PyTorch in Ensembling mode. It will run ten trials, all with different models and parameter settings, and then it will combine them together into a stacked ensemble method. So instead of having a single model, it's going to run those ten models together and use those to find the best optimal result. There's also an auto mode, which is probably what most people are going to do. The way this works under the hood is that if your data set is greater than 100MB, it will automatically use hyperparameter optimization mode. If it's less than 100MB, it will use Ensembling mode. It's that simple. However, there is a caveat here. In order to make that determination, SageMaker autopilot needs to be able to determine the size of your data set. If it can't figure out if you're greater than 100MB or not, then it can't make a choice and will default to HPO in that case. Some situations that might lead to that would be if your S3 bucket for your data is hidden inside a virtual private cloud or VPC. In that case, SageMaker autopilot can't figure out how big your data set is, and it will just default to HPO. Also, if your S3 data type is set to manifest file, or if your S3 URI contains more than 1000 items, automatic mode will just punt and go to HPO because it can't figure it out on its own. So those are the limitations of it. So those are some details about SageMaker autopilot training modes that might be important to know. And also autopilot again does not need to be a complete black box. There is a real danger here, right? From an ethics standpoint, if I just push a button and create the optimal model for my training data, I don't know what kind of bias might have existed in that training data, right? I could be creating something that's terribly biased and doing unethical things for all I know. So it's very important that we understand what this automatically generated model is really doing. And that might not just be not just be because, you know, you want to do the right thing, but because there might be auditing concerns or, you know, oversight on what you're trying to build here. So to that end, SageMaker autopilot integrates with something called SageMaker clarify. This is another relatively new feature of SageMaker. So clarify tells you basically how different features contributed to each prediction, and it gives you more transparency on what features went into your predictions and what biases might exist based on those features. So, you know, for example, if you're creating a model that approves loans for houses and you see that race is some sort of a really strong feature, something's wrong there, you better go back and take a look at the bias that might exist in your source data. Right. So I really love this. It's really awesome. Uh, acknowledging the fact that there can be bias that you don't see without some further analysis. And the real danger of AutoML is that you just crank out these models without thinking about them, and these sorts of biases can creep in without you even realizing it. So this is a great feature. So it does give you transparency on how models arrive at their predictions. Under the hood. It's a figuring out feature attribution using something called Shap baselines, which is based on Shapley values based on this paper that you see here on the right. The research for this actually comes from the field of cooperative game theory. So kind of a neat crossover there. The way it works is that it assigns each feature an importance value for each given prediction. So it's just a way of going back and figuring out what features in your training data or your source data actually lended the most weight to the final predictions. So that's important to know. And if you see surprises in how important a feature is toward your predictions, well, it's time to apply your human knowledge and intuition and knowledge about the domain space to figure out if there's actually bias going on there in your training data that you need to go back and clean or address. Somehow