Amazon has invested a lot into SageMaker debugger recently, and this is starting to show up on the exam more so it is worth going into a little bit more depth on this one. So SageMaker debugger. The idea is that it will save the internal model state for you at periodic intervals, so you can go back and see what's going on during your training. So as your model is trained, it will store the individual gradients and tensors over time. So you can see their trends as the training progresses. And you don't have to figure it out by hand. You can actually define rules that will detect unwanted conditions while training is happening. So if you want to watch out for something going out of bounds, you can set up a rule for that and have that automatically fire off some sort of an alert when it's hit. So for every rule you configure in the debugger, a debug job will be run individually for that rule. And when that rule is hit, it will automatically log a CloudWatch event and you can respond to that. However, you would respond to any CloudWatch event. Maybe you send off a notification through SNS and send a message to your cell phone. I don't know whatever you want to do This does integrate with SageMaker studio. It has something called SageMaker Studio Debugger dashboard. So you can do this all in a visual environment. It can also automatically generate training reports. So by just checking a box, you can just say, I want a detailed report of what happened during training. And SageMaker debugger will give you more depth into what happened during the training process. SageMaker debugger has several built in rules. They fall under these three categories. One set of rules is for monitoring system bottlenecks. Another set of rules will profile your model framework operations like TensorFlow or whatever is going on under the hood there. And you can also debug model parameters using SageMaker debugger as well. Now those framework operations, these are the frameworks that it can support and the algorithms it can support. So it can work with TensorFlow, PyTorch or MXNet. And it works with the XGBoost algorithm as well as well as the SageMaker generic estimator, which will work with pretty much anything, including custom training containers. There are also APIs for the debugger available in GitHub that Amazon makes available for you. Using those APIs, you can construct your own hooks and rules under the Create Training job and describe training job APIs to do whatever you want and hook into the debugger. The debugger library is called SME debug. That is, the client library that allows you to register hooks for accessing your training data and feeding that back into SageMaker debugger for all of its analysis and processing. So SME debug is the name of that client library for integrating SageMaker debugger with your own training code. And even newer in SageMaker debugger. They've added a few more things more recently in 2021. So there is the SageMaker Debugger Insights dashboard that you see here. This just lets you see everything in a graphical manner and see what's going on over time during the training process. And there are also some specific profiler rules for the debugger that are relatively new. We talked about this briefly in the previous slide. But the a little bit more depth here. There's a profiler report profiler rule that will just kick off that profiling report that you can view in the dashboard. There is also hardware system metrics rules you can set up for profiling, and this will monitor CPU usage, GPU usage, and other things that might be relevant to system usage within your cluster as training is happening over time, and it will also allow you to monitor and profile framework metrics, for example, max initialization time, overall framework metrics, and step outlier. These are the hyper parameters, if you will, for the actual framework being run for the training. There are also three built in actions to receive notifications or to stop training in response to a debugger event. You can call stop training to stop training in response to something happening. You can send an email or you can send an SMS message. An email and SMS works through SNS, the simple notification service, and these are all in response to the debugger rules that you set up. So you can set up a debugger rule that will automatically stop training or notify you through email or SMS using SNS automatically. This allows you to profile both system resource usage and how training is going over time.