Another feature of SageMaker training you can enable is checkpointing. And this just creates snapshots during your training. So if something goes horribly wrong, it allows you to pick up where you left off if you need to from those checkpoints. And it's also useful for troubleshooting. So it gives you the ability to analyze your model at different points during the training process. So if you have a really large training job and something goes wrong, well, it can be hard to track that down, right? Because it's so large. So with checkpoints, you get to break that job down into smaller components that are easier to to debug and analyze. Hopefully it will automatically synchronize the state of your training with S3. So that goes back and forth from your local storage, from opt ML checkpoint to whatever S3 location you specify, and you can actually change that local checkpoint, uh, location as well, if you want to, to use it within your script, you would define checkpoint S3 URI to define where it gets synchronized to in S3, and also checkpoint local path. If you want to change opt ML checkpoint to something else within your SageMaker estimator, or if you're using the UI in the AWS console for SageMaker, there is a checkpoint configuration area within the Create Training Job dialog where you can just enter in that S3 location and the local path that you want to sync those checkpoints up in between. And that's checkpointing. Moving on. Let's also talk about cluster health checks and automatic restarts. These are things that's just kind of happen under the hood for you automatically if you're using an ML or MLP instance type. But it's good to know that this is there for you and keeping an eye out for you. What it does is replace any faulty instances for you automatically as you're going. So it runs GPU health checks on all of your instances. It also ensures the Nvidia Collective Communication Library, or Nccl, is working properly. Before you get started with your training, and also any SageMaker internal service errors that get thrown during your training will result in an automatic restart of your training job using this, uh, this system that will automatically replace any bad instances that crop up, restart the healthy ones, and then restart the entire job. Obviously that can get expensive, so hopefully that won't happen, but it is automatically keeping an eye out for failed hardware. And as you're training larger and larger models using more and more instances in the process, the likelihood of an instance going bad on you during the process does increase. So it's a good thing that it handles that for you automatically instead of making you deal with it the hard way.