Now, since we're talking about training truly massive models, often you can't do that on one machine, right? One instance is not going to cut it. So we need some way to distribute that training across multiple instances. Now of course you can always run multiple separate jobs in parallel. We call that job parallelism. So if you're training more than one model then you can train those multiple models in parallel. Of course you can. Right. I mean that's kind of intuitive. However, individual training for an individual model can also be parallelized. And there's two different branches to how to think about that. One is distributed data parallelism. That's how we actually distribute the data used to train your model. And then there's distributed model parallelism where maybe the model itself can't even fit on one instance because you have so many parameters, so many weights and biases in there, even that won't fit on one system. And you need to distribute the model itself, not just the data and the training that's happening for that model. Now, before you go to that extreme, make sure that you're maxing out the instance types that you have at your disposal before you go to multiple parallel instances. I mean, you do need to be training a pretty large model to need truly parallel training for an individual model, right? So you could go all the way up to an ML p42 for xlarge. X-large. That will give you eight GPUs, and you should max that out before you move to anything more to multiple instances. So make sure you're maxing out what the individual instances will give you first, because there's always an overhead to parallelism, right? It's always going to be more efficient to use multiple GPUs in one instance than to use a bunch of GPUs spread across multiple instances. So it's always going to be more efficient, more cost efficient, more time efficient to use a larger instance type than using multiple smaller instance types if you're distributing your training. Remember that, by the way, this does get expensive. There's not going to be any hands on activities in this section of the course because, well, I don't have millions of dollars. However, maybe your company does. So there's a few ways of doing this. So let's start talking about the distributed training libraries in SageMaker itself. These are built on top of the AWS Custom Collective library for EC2. And you can think of this as solving a similar problem as MapReduce in spark. So whereas MapReduce in spark distributes data processing, the distributed training libraries in SageMaker are going to be distributing the computation of the gradients when we're doing gradient descent to train your model. So but the same general idea of map and reduce holes. So there's two components to this. One is called the all reduce collective. And what that does is distribute the computation of these gradient updates to and from GPUs across your fleet of instances. This is part of the SageMaker Distributed Data Parallelism library, or DDP library. And to use it, you just specify the back end of Smdp to torch distributed init process groups inside your training scripts. After that, you just specify distribution of SM distributed data parallel and enable it within your PyTorch estimator, and it will automatically use that all reduce collective. There's also the Allgather collective. Its job is to manage the communication between the nodes in your cluster to improve performance, and that works by offloading communications overhead to the CPU, thereby freeing up some of the capabilities of the GPUs instead. So you'll see more than once some of the optimization techniques we see are offloading stuff from the GPU to the CPU, so we can take advantage of the main memory and the CPU's computational abilities to free up some more capacity on the GPUs themselves. This, however, like I said, is not compatible with the SageMaker training compiler. But again, the SageMaker training compiler seems to be no longer maintained. So I guess you shouldn't have to worry about that too much. It's kind of a shame, because SageMaker Training Compiler is pretty cool. That can pretty much double the speed of your code by itself. However, I guess AWS wants you to buy more hardware and well, I won't go there. Other distributed training libraries. You don't have to use the SageMaker one, so if you don't want to be locked into AWS, you can use other training libraries as well for distributed training, for example, the PyTorch Distributed Data Parallel library, or DDP. To use that, you would just set your distribution to PyTorch, DDP and enable that instead. You can also use torch run. The distribution for that would be torch underscore distributed and just enable that. However, that does require a P3, P4 or Trn1 instance types. At this recording. You can also use Mpirun. You can use Deepspeed, which is an open source distributed training framework from Microsoft. It is PyTorch specific, however, but I think you'll see a lot of these solutions are indeed PyTorch specific. That seems to be the way to go these days. There's also the Horovod distributed training framework. Um, you should at least know that name. It might pop up.