All right. So going into a little bit more depth on Sagemaker's parallel training capabilities, there's basically the model parallelism side and the data parallelism side, right. So let's start with the SageMaker model parallelism library. Now again a large language model may not fit on a single machine. Maybe you have so many parameters, so many weights and biases that you need to distribute the model itself to overcome the GPU memory limits that you're faced with. Or maybe you just want to distribute things so you can have some extra GPU memory to increase your batch size during training. That might be a valid thing to do as well, but either way, you might not have enough memory in your GPU to fit your whole model onto one GPU, right? So that's where there's a few approaches to that problem. SageMaker is interleaved. Pipelines can be one solution. They offer some benefit that's available for both TensorFlow and PyTorch. But SageMaker Model Parallelism library, or MPP goes even further. It is PyTorch only. There are some bits of TensorFlow support, but they've been deprecated and it uses several tricks to do this Some here are three that are worth talking about. One is called optimization state sharding, and the optimization state is really just the state of the weights in the model. Fancy word for that. It does require using a stateful optimizer though, such as atom or Fp16, and it does exactly what it says. It shards those weights across multiple GPUs. Generally, that's only going to be useful if you have more than 1 billion parameters in your model. So we're talking really large models here. Like, you know, you're building GPT ten or whatever it is, right? Another trick it has is activation checkpointing. And this is a technique for reducing the memory usage by clearing out the activations of certain layers while you're training, and then recomputing them as needed during the backward training pass there. And that will save memory, but at the expense of computation, right? So it's not storing as much information to keep those activations around, but it does need to recompute them during training. So you're trading off computation with memory there. And sometimes that makes sense. It also does what we call activation offloading. And I mentioned this previously. And one trick is to just swap things from the CPU and the GPU back and forth. And what that does is swap out those checkpointed activations in micro-batches to and from the CPU, from the GPU to use it. Pretty simple. Um, again, the official training uses actually an outdated version of this library. The current version v2, is even easier to use. You just import torch SageMaker as TSM initialize it, and then all you have to do to use MPP is to specify it within your distribution. So the only relevant bit here is under distribution. We're specifying a SM distributed model parallel enabled true and a bunch of parameters on how to set that up. I'm not going to get into those because probably not going to be in the exam. But that's all you got to do. It's easy peasy. There's also sharded data parallelism. And the idea here is to combine parallel data and models and by parallel models. Again we're talking about the optimizer states being sharded into sharding groups. That's just the weights in the model. Sharded data parallelism however, also shards the trainable parameters and the associated gradients across those optimizer sharding group GPUs. And that is implemented in the SageMaker model parallelism library as well. And that is there by default in the deep learning containers for PyTorch. So there's nothing special you have to do to import it or use it. Um, just go ahead and set it up in your script like I showed you. And you can use those capabilities for sharded data parallelism and also for model parallelism using MPP.