Another trick for accelerating your training is something called the Elastic Fabric Adapter, or EFA for short. That is a network device attached to your SageMaker instances, and that its job is to make better use of your network bandwidth. So its promise is to give you the same performance as an on premises high performance computing cluster. But in the cloud, that's its job. And you use it with the Nvidia Collective Communication Library, or Nccl. Obviously, that requires Nvidia GPUs to use it. So you're going to be tied to Nvidia by using this technology. To use EFA though, you need to include Nccl, also EFA, which is the elastic fabric adapter itself, and the AWS offie Nccl plug in within your training container. And then you just need to set some environment variables like Fi, underscore, provider equals EFA. Refer to the documentation if you want to have more details, but that should be enough for the exam. Basically, it's a network device attached to your instances to make better use of your bandwidth during training, and it requires Nvidia GPUs. Now, this, uh, becomes part of an even larger framework that they call mix. So Amazon went off and said, well, what if billions of parameters aren't enough? I want trillions, I want to create, you know, GPT 20 or whatever. So Amazon came up with something they call minimize the communication scale or mix for short. An example of that is in this diagram to the right that I'll point out shortly here. Basically, it's just another name though for the stuff we've talked about. So using SageMaker is sharded data parallelism and its capabilities and EFA and things like that. You just need to know that this distributed training stuff is what enables training models with more than 1 trillion parameters. So if you're being asked how do I support training with more than 1 trillion parameters? All the stuff we just talked about with distributed parallel training and model parallelism and data parallelism and EFA and mix, that's all part of the solution. And it also helps to have bigger instance types as well. Like we said, um, parallelism does not come for free. So the more you can minimize the communication between instances, the better the bigger instances you have, the less communication overhead you'll have to deal with. And in this particular example that they are documenting, they're using EC2, P4, d GPU instances. Those come with 400 gigabit per second networking capabilities and 80GB of GPU memory. And as you can imagine, that isn't cheap, especially when you're talking about having thousands of them. Again, we're not going to have a hands on lab for this unless you have, you know, a few hundred million dollars sitting around. But let's look at this diagram here of how they're tackling this problem of really massive training. So at the base of it they're using FSX to have really fast, low latency storage with a throughput of billions of IOPs or petabytes per second throughput. Right. This is communicating with a giant cluster. They are proposing here of 4000 plus Nvidia A100 GPUs. Again not cheap. Um, but these are built on these P4 d instance types here. And on top of that they're using the 400 gigabit per second elastic fabric adapter. The EFA that we just talked about to further accelerate matters within these instances you can see that we have eight Nvidia A100 GPUs per instance. And these are using all sorts of tricks to maximize the bandwidth between the CPU and the GPU, between for all that data flowing around. So that's what they call an EC2 ultra cluster as part of their mix or minimize the communication scale architecture. That's an Amazon specific thing that they seem pretty proud of, so might want to know that. Anyway, that's an overview of how to use AWS in EC2 and SageMaker to train truly massive models. You know, trillions of parameters using distributed training, distributed models, distributed data, and also very large instance types and things like EFA to accelerate the communication between them.