-: In this video, I'm gonna walk you through these solutions for the mock exam one. For the first question, we have to deploy a pod with this specific name using the Nginx Alpine image. But to do that we'll do a kubectl run, and then we'll provide the name which is gonna be Nginx, and then we'll pass in the image flag. So, we'll set this to Nginx Alpine. Next question is asking us to create a namespace with this following name. So, I'm gonna copy this. Now, I do a kubectl, create namespace. Next question is asking for a new deployment. Create a new deployment named httpd-frontend with three replicas using the following image. So, do the kubectl, create command and we'll create a deployment, and we'll call this httpd-frontend as per the question. And then we'll pass in the dash, dash image flag which is gonna be httpd:2.4-alpine. And then finally we can specify the replicas which is gonna be set to three. For the next question, we have to deploy messaging pod using the redis alpine image with the label set to tier equals message or MSG. So, I'll say kubectl run messaging, we're gonna specify the image which is gonna be redis alpine. And then to set a label, you pass in the dash L flag and you say tier equals MSG. A replica set with the name of rs-d333393 is created, how are the pods are not coming up, identify and fix this issue, and ensure that the replica set has four in a ready state. So, I'm gonna do a kubectl, get replica set. We can see the replica set in question, we can see desired current, and then ready is zero. So, let's take a look at what could be wrong with this by doing a kubectl, describe, replica set, and then we'll pass in the name. And so if we just take a look events wise, I don't think we see anything interesting here. Everything looks fine. The name, configuration all seems to be look good. However when we get down to the container section, we can see that the image, it looks like there was a typo on the image because it's set to busybox x x x x. So, this should just be busybox. So, this is most likely what's causing this issue. So, what we're gonna do is, I'm gonna do a kubectl, edit, replica set, and then the name of the replica set so we can modify the configuration, and I'm gonna change the image, we'll remove the extra Xs. And after that's been edited, we have to then go in and delete the old, misconfigured pod. So if I do a kubectl, get pod, we can see the four old pods, so we're gonna delete all of these. I can go one by one and just do a kubectl, delete pod, and then provide the name but I wanna just delete all of them all at once. So, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna see if all of them have a label. So, I'm gonna do kubectl, describe pod. And if we take a look at the pod, it looks like they all have a label of name equals busybox dash pod. So, I'm gonna copy this, I'm gonna say delete pod, and I'm gonna pass in the dash L flag, so we're gonna delete all the pods with this label. And this should be a kubectl, and it's gonna delete the four pods. And now if I do a kubectl, get replica set, we should see that the replica set now has four and ready state. The next question's asking us to create a service called messaging-service to expose the redis deployment in the marketing name phase within the cluster on port 6379. And so the way we do that is kubectl, and then we'll say expose deployment and then we'll call the redis deployment. And then for the port, all right, we wanna use port 6379. And the name, I'm gonna call this messaging-service. And then for the namespace, this is gonna be marketing. For the next question. We have to update the environment variable on the pod webapp-color to use the green background. So if we do a kubectl, get pod, let's take a look at that pod real quick. We can see under environment variables. Right now it's set to app_color pink. So, we just have to change this environment variable to be green. And so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna do a kubectl, get pod and then pass the name of the pod. I do dash O. Yeah, so we can get the configuration, I'm gonna pipe this to... We'll call this webapp-color.yaml, and we'll go into this configuration and we're gonna just change the environment variable. So, I'll see, I'll just search for E and V, and we go and we can just change the value to be green here. And so after we make that change, we now have to redeploy this, so we can delete it and then reapply it. So I can do a kubectl, delete pod, you know, blah, and then do a kubectl, apply. But instead of doing that, what I can do is because the configuration is going to have the same name, the pod is going to have the same exact name, What I can do instead is I can say kubectl, replace-f, and then provide the name of the file, and I can say --4. So, this is going to replace the preexisting pod with the new one. So, you can see it's deleting it and then it's eventually going to create the new one. All right, and then we can see that it was replaced. Perfect. So, let's go to the next question. Now we have to create a new config map named cm3392845, and we have to provide the following specs. So we'll do a kubectl, create, config map, and I'm just gonna copy the name, so I don't mistype anything. And then we have to provide these three key value pairs. So I'm gonna say dash, dash from dash literal equals and we'll copy this and then we'll pass in the dash, dash from dash literal flag again, and then copy the second one, and we'll do the last one as well. And if we do a kubectl, describe, config map, we should see all of the key value pairs in there. For the next one, we have to create a new secret name db-secret with the data given below. So, do a kubectl, create, secret generic and then we'll provide the name here, and we'll do the dash, dash from dash literal, and we'll call this again. And then one last time for the last one. So, the next question we have to update this pod so that it runs as a root user with the CS underscore time capability. So, let's get the information on that pod. We have appsec, kff, 3, 4, 4, 5. I'm gonna do a kubectl , get pod, and so right now I'm just getting the configuration. So, we'll get the YAML config. I'm just gonna pipe it to a file, I'll call this app-sec.yaml, and then we'll go into the file now and we'll make the necessary changes. So, to make this operate as the root user, we wanna go under spec. So, I'm gonna search for spec. So, under spec, I'm gonna pass security context. And actually I realize it's probably already in there. Let's see if I can find it. Here we go, security context. And then in here we wanna do run as user and then set that to zero. So, that's going to get the first requirement of running this as a root user. And the next time, the next thing we wanna do is give the cs time capability. And so that's going to be under the actual container, so we'll go under this specific container here and you can put this wherever you'd like. So, I'm just gonna put it right here. And we'll say security context, and then capabilities, and we'll say add cs underscore time, and that should be all that we have to do. And so now we can do two things. Once again, we can do a kubectl, delete, and then we'll delete this pod and then reapply this one. Or we can do the kubectl, replace command. So I'll do a kubectl, replace, appsec dash, dash force. So, that's gonna delete the old one and then replace it with the new one. Okay, for this, we have to export the logs of this specific pod to this file. So, all we have to do is kubectl, logs, grab the name of the pod. All right, and it looks, like, this is actually in a different namespace. We have to identify the namespace. So, let's see, let's first do kubectl, get pods. Is it in this namespace? Does not look like it. Let's do a kubectl, get namespace. Let's check e-commerce, just because it has that name in there. So kubectl, get. Okay, so it looks like it's in there. So, we know what namespace it is. And so now we can do a kubectl, logs, and then namespace equals e-commerce. And then we wanna redirect this to a file, and we're gonna redirect it to this specific path. And we'll go to the next question. And for this, we have to create a persistent volume with the following requirements. And for this, instead of writing everything out by hand, I'm gonna go pull up the documentation for persistent volumes. So, there's gonna be a section here under storage persistent volume, which gonna give us an example. So, I'm just gonna copy this just up to here, I only need that much. And then I'm gonna create a file, also say, I'll call this vip.yaml, and I'm just gonna paste this in here, and so let's make the necessary changes. So, the first thing is we're gonna have to change the name. And this is gonna be pv-analytics. For capacity, this is going to be 100. And for access mode, this is going to be read, write many. And the last thing that we need to do is add the host path, and the path is going to be /pv/data-analytics. And then we can do a kubectl, apply-fpv.yaml. And we'll go to the next question. And so for this question, we have to create a redis deployment using the image redis alpine with one replica and a label of app equals redis. And then there's a couple other steps, We have to then expose it via cluster IP service called redis on port 6379. And then we have to create an English type network policy called redis access which allows only the pod with the labeler to access the deployment. So, first we're gonna do the first step which is creating a redis deployment with this following spec. We'll do a kubectl, create deployment. We'll call it redis--image which equals to reads alpine. And then we're gonna set the replicas to one. So, that's the first step. Then, we have to expose that part via cluster IP. So, I'll do a kubectl, expose deployment, and then we'll call that redis deployment that we just created. And this name is going to be redis as well. We're gonna call this service redis. And then we're gonna provide the port which is gonna be 6379, and then the target port equals 6379. And so now that service is created. And the last step that we have to do is create that English type network policy. And so to do that, I'm gonna create a new file, and I'm gonna call this networkpolicy.yaml. And instead of writing this out by scratch, I'm gonna pull up the documentation again. And we're gonna take a look at an example and just copy this. So, if you go under service load balancing and networking, there's a network policy section. And here we have an example config. So, I'm just gonna copy this whole thing and then paste it into here and then just change what we need to change. Okay, so the specs that it has to meet is let's see, created network called redis access, so let's change the name. It's gotta be called redis access. And then for pod selector, we have to specify the label that we gave the pod. So, that's going to be app equals redis. So for the pod selector, it's gonna be app redis. And the requirement says we should only allow traffic that comes from pods with the label of access equals redis. So, under ingress, under from... We wanna delete everything except for the pod selector. So, we just wanna define a pod selector. I'm gonna delete the rest of this. And so what we're saying here is we wanna match labels of access equals redis only. And for the ports it's already set to the correct value ports. We wanna do protocol TCP, and then the port is gonna be 6379, the redis port. and then we can delete everything under egress. And since we no longer have egress, I'm gonna delete the policy type there. So it's just ingress. We have the policy, I'm gonna do a kubectl, apply-f network policy. That's great. We'll go to the next step. And so now we have to create a pod called sega with two containers, one that's called tails with the image of busybox with this command, and the second is we called sonic with an image of Nginx and an environment variable of Nginx export with the value of 8080. So, let's create a new file. So, I'm gonna say vi and I'll call this sega.yaml And so I'll just set the API version to be V1 kind to be pod, and then the metadata is gonna be sega. And then now let's configure our containers under spec. So, there's gonna be two containers. The first one is gonna have a name of tails and it's gonna have an image of busybox. And the command that's gonna run is sleep and it's gonna sleep for 3,600 seconds. The next container is gonna be sonic and the image is gonna be Nginx, and the environment variables that we have to specify. The first one is gonna have a name of nginx_port and the value is gonna have a value of 8008. And that should be all that we need, We'll do a kubectl, apply-f, sega.yaml and it's successfully created. And so that's going to wrap up the final question. Let's go ahead and run the results. And it looks like I made a mistake. So, I'm gonna just open up this last question and I realize I just... This should be 8080, not 8008, so I'll change that to 8080. So, here we're just gonna change this to be busybox not busyboxy. And then I'm gonna run that same replace command as well. Okay, and now let's test again. And that's going to wrap up the mock exam one.