-: Hello everyone. This is Vijin Palazhi from KodeKloud and I would like to welcome you all to the Ultimate Mock Exam Series for the CKAD exam. Now, this series will help you prepare for your CKAD certification, with tons of hands-on practice. As you may be aware, the CKAD certification exam is divided into five key knowledge areas. The application design and build section is of 20%. Application deployment is also 20%. Application environment configuration and security is the largest section, with 25% of the questions. Then we have observability and maintenance, which comprises of 15% of the questions. And finally, service networking is another 20%. (upbeat music) So this series provides you with a simulated exam experience that closely resembles the real exam. The mock exam consists of a series of tasks that must be completed within a set frame of time, just like the real exam, which is designed and curated by our KodeKloud experts. The exam environment in this series allows you to interact up to three Kubernetes clusters in total and you will have up to two hours to complete your mock exam. With that said, let's jump right in and explore one of these mock exams. All right, so I'm going to launch the very first exam here and it should load up in a couple of minutes. So the questions have loaded, and as you can see, there are 20 questions here. You'll find this to be very consistent. All the exams will have 20 questions in total. The questions, however, can change across multiple attempts. So as you can see here, the first question belongs to the application design and build section. And you can see this right on the top. And on top of that, you can see the weightage, which is allocated to each question. So in this case, it is 4%. Now, you can scroll freely back and forth between multiple questions using the Next Question button or the Back Question button here. And you can see that each question has its own weightage. So in total, to pass this mock exam, you'll have to score a minimum of 66%. If you scroll a bit further, you'll see that there are questions which belong to other knowledge areas. As you can see, this fifth question belongs to the section Application Deployment. So once you're done with your exam and you have attempted all the questions, you can click on the End Exam button and this will automatically start validating your questions. And if you've got any of the questions incorrect, the solution should be displayed right here. Well, that's it for this video. I wish you the best of luck in your preparation and for your certification exam.