Welcome back. In this lecture, we will quickly revise the Lake House Medallion architecture and how we implement Lake House Medallion architecture using Databricks platform. And then we will try to understand the approach for data ingestion into our lake house platform. So let's start. So our goal as a data engineering team or data engineering project is to solve our data problem. And we solve it more efficiently, more effectively applying some good architecture pattern for building our solution. And in modern days, lake House medallion architecture is the most suitable and most widely adopted architecture pattern. So I hope you already understand this architecture pattern. In this architecture pattern, we ingest data using the most suitable data ingestion tool from sources, and the goal is to bring our data into our bronze layer. And then we start building the rest of the data engineering project from bronze layer onwards. And how do we implement it or how do we build this kind of architecture using Databricks? We have already discussed that in the earlier lecture. So you build it using Databricks. But the point is that we need to bring data into our bronze layer for being able to process that data, prepare that data for our consumers, and solve our data problem. So bringing data into your bronze layer, which is your raw data layer, requires ingesting data from the source systems. The recommendation is to use the most suitable and most effective tool. For data ingestion based on your source system and the type of source system that you are going to collect data from. So we choose the most suitable tool, uh, for data ingestion. But the end goal of all this data ingestion is to bring data into the bronze layer, ingest your raw data, bring it to bronze layer. So how do we bring it to our bronze layer? We have one approach that these ingestion tools can directly write your data to your bronze layer database or your bronze layer tables. And they can ingest directly data into the bronze layer. Another approach is to create a staging layer. Maybe use your cloud storage directory or some cloud storage location, and let your data ingestion tools ingest data and land it into the cloud storage directory, or at a staging place or a staging location. And this approach is most widely used. A lot of people use this approach for ingesting data. The reason is they want to decouple this data ingestion part from the lakehouse. Uh, the data ingestion, pipeline, or data ingestion project can keep on ingesting data and, uh, staging it into a cloud location or in a cloud directory. And our Lakehouse solution is starting from building your bronze layer and then going forward, uh, remains independent and it directly interacts only from the staging location. So from one side, data ingestion tool is bringing data and landing it into a staging location. And on the other side, within your Lakehouse platform, we write one job or one application or a small piece of pipeline here, uh, which keeps on consuming data from the staging layer or a staging directory. Uh, as data arrives and start building your bronze layer using delta tables. So that's the approach. For this approach to work, we need a good tool or technique for ingesting data from the cloud directories or from the cloud staging location, and bring it to our bronze layered delta tables. That's the idea. Databricks offers three approaches or three tools for building this. This small piece of pipeline where your source is staging area, and you can ingest data from the staging area and bring it to your bronze layer and build your delta tables. So we have three approaches or three tools available in Databricks. The first one is copy command. The second one is to use Spark Structured streaming APIs and build your logic. And third one is built on top of the spark structured streaming. It is known as Databricks Auto Loader. It's a specialized tool or a set of APIs built for, specifically designed and developed for reading data from the staging areas or cloud directories specifically. So we will also learn about the auto loader, what it is, and how it works. So that's all for this lecture. The idea was to help you understand the need for this type of requirement. So in many of the architectures, many of the solutions we ingest data into the staging layer, which is a cloud directory. And then rest of the solution is starts taking data from these staging builds the bronze layer and then take it forward. So that's we are going to learn three approaches for ingesting data from a staging layer from the next lecture onwards. See you again in the next lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.