Welcome back. In this lecture we want to learn to use copy tool or copy command for ingesting data from a landing zone. So let's start. As usual, I'll go to my workspace and open. Um, notebook that I have set up for your demo, and we'll run the cleanup. And then when we'll do the setup, basically, I'm setting up a data base in a dev catalog. Simple things. Uh. What do we want to do or what do we want to learn? In this lecture, we want to learn how to use copy tool to ingest data from a landing zone directory to our. Bronze layer table. That's simple requirement. We want to learn how to do it using copy tool. So to simulate that scenario I have created this directory in my mount directory. I have created this invoices directory and we are making an assumption. This is my landing zone directory. So my ingestion tool will keep on ingesting data files into this directory. I already have three files here um, for starting my test. So we assume that some files are already ingested there. Now we also need to create our bronze layer table. We want to implement this requirement using manual schema evolution. So we want to fix our bronze layer table schema. So let's create a bronze layer table for invoices I will simply paste the create table DDL statement here and run it. Uh so we are creating invoices raw. That's my bronze layer table a very simple table. We have few fields. Some are string some int timestamp double. That's the schema for my, uh, table. Now we want to ingest data from, uh, landing zone using the copy tool command uh, with the fixed schema. So how to do it? Simple. Uh, we can use copy command or copy. It's a simple SQL like command, so copy into and give the table name. In which table do you want to ingest data. So copy into this table. And then we have to specify in just from where. And in a pair of parentheses we can write our SQL like statement. That's my source right. So let's say select star uh from uh from where we want to ingest from a landing zone directory. So that's my landing zone directory. Right. So we ingest from the landing zone directory. Simple. But I will also have to configure the copy command to tell that this directory will contain CSV files. So whatever files we have in this directory what is the file format. So I have to specify uh file. Format here. File format equal to CSV. That's all. So. Once you tell the file format CSV, you also have an option to use. CSV file format options like header, info schema and other kind of things. Right. So we already, uh, learned reading data from CSV file and CSV file options. So I can use some of the options. Let me use header uh option because my file comes with a header row. And I want to skip that. So how to give uh format options. Format underscore options, and in a pair of parentheses you can specify the options. So. Let's say header equal to true. That's the only option I want to give. And maybe if I want some more options I can put a comma here. And I start typing rest of the options. So that is kind of all uh copy into this table from. Select star from this directory. What is the file format? CSV. What are the format options you want to tell? I just want to tell header equal to true. Uh, that's kind of enough, but I. Have a requirement to ingest data from this CSV files in this directory with a fixed schema. I don't want to implement automatic schema evolution and all that. We want to fix the schema because I have already created the table and it has a fixed schema. So we want to make sure that whatever data we are ingesting is coming with this fixed schema. So how to do that? Uh, let's define the proper uh detailed select expression like select invoice number and then stock code. We don't use select star and all that. Right. So that's how we can specify all the list. But I also want to make sure that these uh fields are of the desired data types. For example invoice number should be string. Quantity should be int invoice date should be timestamp and all that. How to make sure that in the select statement I can cast the invoice number to a string. Similarly, I can cast all the fields to a desired data type. So I hope you learned that in Spark Programming, uh, we in Databricks we have this double colon, which is a shortcut for cast in this SQL expression. So invoice number colon colon string will cast the invoice number. Make sure it is an string. And similarly uh colon colon string will cast the stock code and make sure it is an string. We have few more fields. And let me paste it here. So. We are done. With the one, 234 fields. What is next? Up to quantity. We are done. Next is invoice date. I want to make sure that invoice date is interpreted as a timestamp, but I know it's a CSV file. So in CSV file things are like a string. So uh, let me convert this invoice date into a timestamp. How can you do that? Simple you can use to. Time stamp and tell the invoice column and then tell the format right. And once you have the format, maybe you can, um, give an alias back to invoice date. So what is the format? I should be knowing my, uh, data file. I should have an agreement from the source system that. What is the date, uh, or timestamp format they are going to send. So I know my data files. I know my data format. So my data is coming with this d m y format, and then H and then only minute I don't have seconds coming in my data. So this is my, uh, format. So I made sure that invoice date is also sticking to the fixed schema that I have. I have two more fields left, uh, as per my table design. So let me paste that unit price is double, customer ID is a string. That's all. My copy command is done. And let me run this. So I executed it and it ingested 793 records. And I know in these files I have these many 793 records. So I ingested data from these files. Uh, what if I run it again? Right. Or maybe before, uh, running it again. Uh, let's try, uh, checking the table. Select a star from the table. Let's quickly check 793 records should be there, so I've got 793 records there. But what if I run this copy command once again? Let me copy it and put it here. Uh, it already ingested 793 records from these three files. Will it ingest them again? Will it create duplicate records? The answer is no because copy into is idempotent. It will not ingest the same file again even if you run it two times, three times, four times. And that's how copy tool allows us to do incremental data ingestion. So first time we ingest whatever data is already available in the cloud directory. Next time we run the copy into command, it will ingest only new files if they have arrived into the directory. And that's what you can do. You can write uh copy into command and uh, schedule it to run again and again, uh, every five minutes, ten minutes or whatever the requirement is. So if I run it again, the number of records impacted are zero. Run it again. And no matter how many times you run, those files are not going to be ingested again. Uh, if new file arrives into that directory copy command. If you run it again, it will ingest the new file. So let's, uh, check the data once again. Uh, make sure I ran it two, three times. Copy command again and again on this same. So let's see. Uh, do we have some duplicates? No. Same 793 records. Nothing is inserted. So that's all. Uh, looks like customer ID is null. Is it? Okay, so maybe in the data file some customer IDs are not there but some are there. So we are ingesting it. Now let's simulate the next step. Let's assume that we ingested some new files again into the same landing zone directory. My ingestion tool has ingested some new data and saved it as the, uh, file in my directory. And for to simulate that scenario, I am copying this new file from this directory to my landing zone directory. Uh, just to simulate that some new file is ingested. True. So file is copied there. Now we should have four files there. This file is also copied into the landing zone. What if I run the copy command again. Uh, it should ingest data from this file also. Right. So you can run that. You can try that. I know it will work. Uh, but we have a scenario here in this data file. We have one additional column. I have specifically created that scenario. This data file comes with one new column. So we are simulating a scenario. What happens if, uh, you ingest a new data. And that data comes with the additional field. What do you want to do. Do you want to evolve your schema and accept that additional field. Or you want to ignore that, uh, additional field. You don't want to ingest that. Let it come, but we just want to ignore that and ingest only those fields that we designed initially. Uh, in the table, this is the table structure. We want to ingest only these fields. It depends upon your requirement. So if your requirement is to ingest, uh, only these fields ignore any new fields. If they are coming, you don't have to make any changes. Your copy command copy into command, as we have written here, will work smoothly. You can run it. Uh, the idea is that your ingestion code will not break, but silently ignore the additional columns. Right. If you have received any new column in your data file. But let's say I have a requirement to accept it. I want to take that new column also. Uh, whatever is coming in these files or the new files, how to do that? We want to implement a manual schema evolution approach. So manual schema evolution approach is to make code changes manually. Right. Once you know that you have some new fields coming in and you want to incorporate them also or ingest them also, you will go and make some adjustment. The adjustment is evolve your schema and tweak your data ingestion code to start accepting the new field. So how to evolve your schema? Use the alter table command. Right. So let me copy paste the alter table command here. So here is my alter table. Uh, this table add columns country, which is a string. So I'm adding one new column here. Uh, a string type. And then. My schema evolution is done. But. This code, which is my. Copy into command. It doesn't accept the additional column. So as part of the change I'll have to implement the additional column also. And what is the column name country. So I'll incorporate country and also make sure it is a string. So kind of done. I have incorporated my additional column, and I have also evolved my schema to add the additional column. But one more small thing is left here. Uh, the CSV format reader, the CSV reader will give us problem because there are three files which had uh, some n number of columns, but we got fourth file, which has some extra columns. So CSV reader might not be able to, um, read that. So what we want to tell CSV reader in the format options that merge these schema, if there is a schema difference in, uh, two files. Right. So so let me set that uh option here merge schema equal to true uh which will allow CSV reader to read. Two data files are more files, even if there is an schema difference between these two files. So let's try to run it now and it should work. So we ingested some 254 new records from that file. If you want. Earlier we had uh, 793 records. Now, if you want to. Check your table once again. After ingestion you will see some additional records. So that's all about copy into uh using manual schema evolution approach. Uh, copy into is a very simple, straightforward command with very less options. You copy into the table in the From clause you can give a select expression. The select expression allows you to read from, uh directory location. This directory location could be a mounted directory location or it could be an external location. All you have to make sure that you have access permissions to read to from that directory. And then you can tell format. It supports various uh, formats like Json, Avro, parquet and all usual formats. And you can also specify format options if you want. And that's all for this lecture. In the next lecture we will learn how to use copy into for automatic schema evolution. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.