Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn to use Spark Structured Streaming API for. Data ingestion into our bronze layer from a landing zone directory. And we will learn how to implement manual schema evolution approach for spark structured streaming data ingestion. So let's start. As usual, I'll go to my workspace. Uh, open a notebook that I have set up for you. And connect the cluster. Do some cleanup. And then do a setup. So basically I'm creating Demodb database in the dev catalog and also setting my base directory location. So this is the base directory location for this demo. Now since we want to implement data ingestion scenario from a landing zone. So I have set up a landing zone directory. Let's see what do we have in the landing zone directory. So we have three data files in the landing zone directory. Uh, we are assuming that these files are ingested by my ingestion tool and placed, uh, in the landing zone directory. And we want to write spark structured streaming code to ingest data from this directory, from these files into my bronze layer table. And we want to use manual schema evolution. So I want to create a bronze layer table with a fixed schema. So I have code written here for uh my bronze layer table. So let me run this and I'll create a bronze layer table with a fixed schema. It's like invoice number is int a string a string int timestamp double int. That's how we assumed my, uh invoices raw table should be. So this is the table. And then since we want to use Spark Structured Streaming for ingesting data, I am making an assumption that you already learned Spark Structured Streaming. You are familiar with the API. So I'm not going to, um, explain that, but I have a function here. Uh, this is my spark structured streaming, uh, code function. So I have a function here in just function. I have defined it using a spark structured streaming code to read data from a landing zone directory, create a streaming data frame, and then without making any modification, without applying any transformation, write that data frame into the. My target bronze layer table. That's what we want to do. So simple function. Uh, I define a schema because I don't want to go for a schema evolution automatically. So I want to make sure that I fix the schema for my ingestion pipeline and my, uh, bronze layer table. So I define a schema here, uh, which matches with the table, uh, schema and my data file also. So we have invoice number, stock code. All these are, uh defined. And then I'm using a spark dot read stream to read data as a stream and create a streaming data frame. Uh, format is CSV header is true. Uh, schema is defined here. So we want to use that schema and read it from my base directory slash invoices which is my landing zone directory. Create a data frame and then use that data frame to write the stream format should be delta. And this is my checkpoint location. I want to use append mode and we want to use available now trigger only. We want to run it as a single micro batch for all the data files that are currently available in the landing zone and then stop. We don't want to keep on running as a continuous, uh, series of micro batches. We are just simply testing it. So I want to run it as a single micro batch for. Available data and then save it to a table. This is our bronze layer table. So function definition. And uh here from starting from here it ends. And then I'm also making a call to the function. So let me run that. Once I run it my data for the current files should be ingested. So it's running a stream. Ice cream is finished. Hopefully my data is ingested, so let's. Try querying the table and we saw 793 records. That's what we have in our, uh, three data files that we ingested. Right. So we got the data. Data is ingested. And now let's move on to the next step of this scenario. Let's say your ingestion tool ingested some more data and saved it in the landing zone as a new data file. So to simulate that scenario I'm copying this data file into the landing zone directory. Uh true. So it should be copied there. Now what if I run my ingestion code once again? I mean, if I run this ingest function once again what will happen are your ingestion code will not break, but it will silently ignore the additional columns. If we have some additional columns ingested into this new data file. So I purposefully designed this file with one additional column. So this data file comes with one new column country column uh one additional column which is not there. Uh, so if you have a requirement where you don't want to, uh, ingest new columns, ignore them without breaking your, uh, data ingestion pipeline, you don't have to make any changes. Keep on running your pipeline, let new files bring new columns, but we keep on ignoring them. If that's the requirement, you are good. But if we have a requirement to incorporate those new fields in our bronze layer table. So we will have to do two things. First, evolve the schema. So we will have to evolve our table schema add new columns. And then second we'll have to tweak or uh modify our ingestion pipeline so it identifies the new columns and start incorporating them also from the next run. So we'll do it in the two steps. The step one is to evolve your schema using Alter Table. It's a manual evolution. I am adding one more column here. I've executed it. So it worked. And then same code. Actually I copied it. Uh, but we are making a modification in this code to incorporate the additional field. And the only change is here I, I added country string, uh, at the end, uh, because that's the additional column coming in and rest all remains the same. We still use the same read stream format CSV header, true schema. We pass the modified schema, read it from the landing zone. All here remains the same. The only thing is we want to include country column also. So we modify our uh schema to include the country column. And if you want you can run it again. Uh, it will start a new stream. One micro batch of the stream, uh, ingest new files. Only because we know that spark is streaming, uh, by default. Is incremental processing, right? It will process only new files. So we ingest new files. And after that, if you want, let's check the, uh, table. And we have 1047 records. Uh, and that's as per my expectation. So we ingested new records as well. That's all for this lecture. So in this lecture we will learn how you can use Spark Structured Streaming to ingest data from a landing zone and bring it into your bronze layered tables. And how you can implement manually schema evolution with spark structured streaming. So that's all. See you in the next lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.