Welcome back. In this lecture I'll give you an introduction to Databricks Auto Loader. We'll try to understand what is auto loader, why we use it and what are the advantages of using auto loader. So let's start. So let's start with a very simple question. What is Databricks Auto Loader? In simple terms, auto loader is a framework for efficiently processing new data files from the cloud storage. So we use auto loader for ingesting data or reading data more efficiently from the cloud storage location. And it supports Amazon S3, Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2, Google Cloud Storage, and as well as Databricks File System, and it can support various types of files like Json, CSV, parquet, Avro, ORC, text, binary files, and auto loader is built on top of spark structured streaming framework, so implicitly auto loader is capable of consuming data from the cloud storage in incremental way. We can use auto loader for incremental data ingestion from the cloud storage. Now the next question comes is why auto loader? Why not copy tool or why not directly write Spark structured streaming API and build your solution? There are few advantages of using auto loader. Let's try to understand that auto loader offers you optimized file listing or optimized file read from cloud storage. It is specifically designed and optimized to read data or files more efficiently from the cloud storage. How it does that? They use cloud native APIs for reading data from the cloud storage directories, instead of using generic APIs or generic code for um. Reading data from a distributed storage, which works for all cloud platforms. So instead of that, they have a specialized, uh, cloud native APIs configured for auto loader. Auto loader makes fewer API calls compared to you trying to read directly from the cloud storage using spark APIs. So auto loader will make less API calls, which makes it more efficient. Auto loader also supports incremental listing, so every time listing all the available files in the cloud directory instead of that auto loader goes for an incremental listing, which makes it more efficient. There is an optional uh feature available with auto loader. You can configure auto loader to receive notifications for data landing into the landing zone, or file creation notification. So as soon as new file is created in the cloud directory location. Auto loader can accept notification and process directly only those files without even going for detailed file listing and identifying what files are available in the cloud directory. So these are the features which makes auto loader more efficient for reading data from the cloud directory. So if you are doing a streaming ingestion you are collecting data and you are collecting it very high speed. You have hundreds of thousands of files being ingested in your cloud location or your cloud landing zone. In those scenarios, using auto loader will significantly improve your performance for reading data from the cloud location. Other than that, there are few other, uh, capabilities added to the auto loader. It simplifies schema evolution and schema management during the ingestion, and it also simplifies uh and gives some feature for data rescue. So during the schema evolution or schema validation, if some fields, uh are not captured correctly or cannot be translated into the desired schema or desired format, uh auto loader captures them automatically as a rescued data field and simplifies your data rescue operation. So that's all about the auto loader. I hope you understand what is auto loader, why we use it. And then in the next lecture onwards we will learn how to use auto loader. We will go through the mechanics of using auto loader. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.