Welcome back. In this lecture, we will learn to use autoloader for ingesting data from a landing zone directory and save the results into the bronze layer table. So let's get started. As usual, I'll go to my workspace and I have set up a notebook for you. So let me go to my notebook. Uh, connect my cluster. Do some cleanups. And then also do some setup. So basically what I am doing, I am setting up a dev catalog and a demo database in the dev catalog. And I'm also setting up a base directory, um, data set chapter eight, where I have some sample data already uploaded. Clean up and setup is done. Now let's look at our uh, landing zone directory. So to simulate the scenario for data ingestion from a landing zone directory, I have uh created a directory here. The directory name is invoices. I'm assuming that my data ingestion tool is ingesting data and saving that data as data files in this directory. And I want to use auto loader to ingest data from this landing zone and bring it into my bronze layer delta table. So that's the goal. Uh, to simulate that scenario, I already have three files, uh, pre ingested in this landing zone. And now we want to ingest data from this landing zone from these files into our delta table in the bronze layer. So we want to learn how to use auto loader for ingesting data from a landing zone into a bronze layer table. And we want to implement automatic schema evolution. So the idea is that auto loader pipeline should keep on running ingesting data continuously from a source directory, uh, into my bronze layer table without breaking. And if we receive some new data, new fields, uh, in my landing zone directory, uh, auto loader should automatically evolve my schema, add those additional fields, and ingest them into the raw layer. At least we capture the data or new fields in the raw layer. And we decide later that what to do with that new additional fields. Uh, going forward, even if there are some fields which cannot be translated correctly or the schema cannot be evolved, we want auto loader to continue without failing and capture those fields. Uh, in the data rescue, uh, column of the same delta table in my raw layer, so we can investigate what, uh, data needs to be rescued and work on that. So the point is, we want to write an auto loader script or, uh, command, configure auto loader for continuous data ingestion from a landing zone directory without failing. That's the goal. So how do we do it? Uh, let's start with defining a function. So I want to create an function. Let's call it ingest function. And I want to write a script using autoloader tool. So what is auto loader? I hope you already got some idea that auto loader is a framework, and it is built on top of spark structured streaming API behind the scene. It uses Spark Structured Streaming API, and it is available to us as a framework, as a API or as a connector. So it's not a UI based tool where you can drag and drop and design your data ingestion from the landing zone. We will have to code and the code looks like spark structured streaming code. Basically, we are going to write a spark structured streaming code for ingesting data from the landing zone. But we will be using auto loader for, uh, streaming ingestion. So let's start writing the code. I hope you already know how to write spark structured streaming code. So basically I will use a spark dot read stream to read data from the landing zone, create a streaming data frame, and then since it's a raw layer, uh, data need to go into the bronze table. We don't want to make any transformation, any changes. We capture whatever is coming and without any transformation, write that streaming data frame into the bronze layer table. That's what we want to do. So let's define a. Data frame, and I want to use, uh, a spark dot. Read a stream for reading the data from the source. And then, uh, what do we need to tell next? The next is we need to specify the format. What connector do we want to use for reading data and creating a data frame. So usually we specify connector like CSV or Json or Avro parquet Delta right. But in this case we want to use auto loader and auto loader connector is available to us as cloud files. So. Let's say connector is cloud files. Uh, let me put up a parenthesis here so we don't, um, get line continuation error. And we'll write code inside this parenthesis to create a source data source data frame. So I have told the, um, connector connector is cloud files, which means connector is auto loader. Auto loader is available as cloud files connector. And then what is next. We still need to tell what is the file format right. What is the data file coming as. So data file is coming as CSV. Uh, in my example my data files are CSV files. So I have to tell that and how to tell that we tell that as an option. And for that I have to use cloud files option. So it comes like let me copy this cloud files. Dot format. And that format is going to be CSV. Right. So basically we are telling that use the cloud files connector. And then we are configuring Cloud Files connector and telling it that the data file format is CSV. Right. Instead of using CSV connector we are using Cloud files connector which is autoloader. So we are using auto loader and then configuring auto loader with the file type. So that's done. Now once we configured the cloud files connector with the uh file format we can again start using CSV options. If we want to specify some additional CSV options we can specify those. So let's specify some CSV option I know my data file is coming with header. So I want to set header equal to true. And that's done. Uh, I also want to specify timestamp format because my data is coming with a specific timestamp format. So, um. Timestamp format and the format is d, m, y, h and minute. That's all I have in my, uh, file. And what is next? We are reading data from CSV files, right? And we haven't created any target delta table yet. So what we want, we want our auto loader to read data, infer schema from the CSV files, build a schema target schema for the target table, and impose that schema into the target table. Create the target target table with the desired schema. So basically we want auto loader to infer a schema from the data source right from those data files. Uh, by default auto loader will infer a schema. We don't have to specify uh, additional option for that. But auto loader will automatically infer everything as a string. It won't try to infer the correct data type. So let's give an option. We don't want that to happen. We want auto loader to uh specifies. Um, infer data types correctly. So for that I have to configure auto loader with the cloud files dot. Infer. Column. Types and set that to. True. So now auto loader will also infer column types from the CSV file. Otherwise by default it will infer everything as a string. Every column becomes a string. We don't want that to happen. Our auto loader also maintains schema information for simplifying the schema evolution. We know behind the scene. Auto loader uh, works on the spark structured streaming API. So basically this code, this read stream code is going to run as a series of micro batches. Right? So for every micro-batch a auto loader will read data from the landing zone, infer the schema, and want to save that schema at some location so that in the next micro batch it knows what is the schema till the previous micro batch and compare if there is a difference in the schema. Now in this micro batch we have to evolve this schema, right? So for uh schema management, auto loader needs a checkpoint directory, a kind of checkpoint location where it can save the schema information, uh, during the ingestion, uh, for each micro batch. So we have to give that option also. So that option is. Cloud files. Dot. A schema. Location and let me copy paste, uh, location that I want. So basically I want, um, in my base directory, uh, checkpoint directory. And inside that checkpoint directory I want auto loader to create. Inverse is a schema directory and use this Invoice's schema directory for storing and maintaining the schema information across all micro-batches. So that's done. Uh, what is next? We know that we are reading data from CSV files, and auto loader is configured to infer column types, right? But we know sometimes infer schema is not very accurate. Uh, in the earlier lectures we saw that infer schema on the same data set, uh, on the same sample files inferred a few columns as int, but we wanted it to be a string. So auto loader also comes with options to give schema hints so that the automatic infer schema feature. Uh, will identify some schema, but, uh, we are giving a hint so that the auto loader can apply those hints. So let's add those hints and it will make more sense. Uh then so option uh and then. Cloud files. Dot. A schema. Hint, uh, actually its schema hints. And then we can give schema hints as a comma separated schema hints, um, for different fields. So let me copy paste some fields here. This is how it is. So what I want. I know I'll be getting invoice number, uh, in my ingestion files, and I am afraid that automatic schema inference will infer invoice numbers as int. Right. But I don't want invoice number to be int, I want it to be a string. Similarly, customer id, I am afraid that customer id might be inferred as int or long, but I want to give an hint that. Consider this to be a string. Right. So that's how we can fix, uh, some potential problems in automatic schema inference for cloud files or auto loader. That's an additional capability available with the auto loader. Uh, what is next? So that's pretty much all I've configured it. Uh uh, enough. Uh, so now let's load, uh, and for loading I need to specify the cloud location. And that is in my base directory invoices directory. So that's all for Restream. Uh, so what we did, let's quickly revise. Uh, I am using Spark structured streaming API, spark dot read stream to read data from this location. But for reading data from the cloud files or from the cloud location, I want to use auto loader and how to configure auto loader. Simple. Use the format as cloud files. That's all done now. Read stream will use auto loader as a connector for reading data from the cloud location and behind the scene. Auto loader APIs will trigger. They will do the reading work for you and implement all the necessary, uh, optimizations that they have. Uh, but we also need to specify the format for the data file so that we can configure using, uh, cloud files format. And I told that it is CSV. Once we configure CSV, then we also have an option to use CSV options, CSV configurations. So I use two CSV configurations. For example, if you are ingesting parquet data or you are ingesting Json data, you can use Json configurations. Uh, here you will tell Json, and here you can use any Json configurations if you want. And after all that, we can also configure auto loader to infer column types, uh, from the data file. So we setting that configuration to. Yes. And we know auto loader uh requires one location kind of checkpoint location where it can keep schema information so that it can resolve the schema related problems across Microbatches. So we tell that schema location. And then we can also, uh, specify some schema hints because we are going to automatically infer data types. Uh, to fix those automatic inference problems we can specify some hints schema hints. That's all. So now I have uh source data frame. What is next. The next step is to, uh, maybe write this source data frame into a target delta table in my bronze layer. Right. So. Writing data frame remains as it is. Same, right? Writing a stream to your table remains as it is. So it's a typical code. We don't have to configure anything related to cloud files or autoloader or auto loader works at the time of read write. It's a tool for efficiently reading data from the cloud directory. So all the cloud files are autoloader. Configurations are applicable at the time of reading. Once we have the data frame, it's, uh, same as writing any, um, streaming data frame. So I'll quickly paste some code here for writing the, uh, streaming data frame and then close the parenthesis inside. So my function is over here. Right. And I configured auto loader. I have written a function in jest function which will trigger the auto loader to ingest data from the cloud file. So let me call that function here at the end maybe in the same cell. And I can ingest data. So all done let's try running it. And it should work I guess. So it finished and looks like it worked. Um, one thing you should not forget because we are trying to implement automatic schema evolution and basically automatic schema evolution works at the time of writing. So this option is important in the right extreme right. So you must specify merge schema equal to true to enable automatic schema evolution. So that's done and data is ingested. Let's try looking at the table and see what we ingested. So we ingested all these files. Uh, data 793 records and all. Looks good. Uh, all fields, uh, even invoice date looks like, uh, inferred as a proper date type. Uh, maybe we can describe the table and see what is the data type of these columns. But I wanted you to notice this rescue data column. So underscore rescued data column. So this is an additional column added by auto loader automatically in your target table. And this column will be used to record any fields. From these fields in the table. If they cannot be translated or converted or read properly by the auto loader, uh, according to your schema and schema cannot be evolved. So, uh, all the problem fields will be recorded here. We will see an example in a minute. But notice that auto loader will add a underscore rescued data field in your table, possibly at the end. Uh and use it to capture the. Invalid data or invalid fields. So let's describe the table next uh and see what is the schema. So let me describe it. So now we can see the schema invoice number is inferred as a string. Uh, without the schema hint it should have been inferred as int, but since I gave a schema hint, it is um inferred as a string and invoice date is time is time. So that's correct. Unit price is double. So that's all we have. And uh, rescued data is a string because the rescued data will be stored as a Json string. In that, uh, column we will see an example. So, uh, pretty much well, even schema inference, automatic schema inference works pretty much well with, uh, auto loader due to schema hints. So now let's come to another scenario. Uh, the second scenario for uh, auto loader. What if we receive some new data files with some additional columns. So to simulate that scenario I have prepared a data file which comes with some additional field, basically one additional field. So let me copy this into the landing zone directory. Uh, to simulate that some new data is ingested into the landing zone directory. And then we will ingest the new file from auto loader. So now let's assume the new data has arrived. How do we ingest the new data file from the, uh, cloud location? Uh, it's super simple. Run the next iteration of your, uh, auto loader. So basically run the same function, execute the same function. No code change is required at all. It will automatically identify new fields, um, manage the schema, and evolve the target table to include the new columns and load data for the new columns. Uh, into the target table. Everything works smooth without any code change. But how will we know that some new files or some new fields has arrived? Do we have a mechanism to know that we don't want our ingestion pipeline to fail, but we want to record somewhere that some new fields are now arrived and we are evolving a schema and we are incorporating or, uh, consuming them. So for that auto loader comes with a feature. So the feature is that if new files has got some new fields, uh, schema evolution is required. Uh auto loader will fail. So let me run this. It looks funny. That auto loader will fail even after configuring it for automatic schema evolution. Um, but let's see. So auto loader failed. Uh, the ingest method failed. Failed with um. Exception, unknown field exception, and encountered unknown fields during parsing. Field name is country, so basically it fails, giving you an error. That schema need to be evolved, right? We identified some new fields and it wants you to retry. And in retry it will successfully complete. So the idea is when you build your code for uh auto loader ingestion, you will write these kind of function. And then in your pipeline you can implement retry. And these logs or these errors uh will be recorded as a notification for you. Or you can handle exception and uh, create a better, uh, alert or notification. Uh, the basically idea is auto loader will fail once, uh, if there is any schema evolution detected. And then if you retry it again it will succeed. So let me retry it. I'm just running it again. And this time it will succeed. And which is good, which is a kind of very good feature of auto loader which gives us an opportunity to know, okay, we have got something new. We are evolving this schema. That's fine. Don't stop, just retry and finish it. Uh, but. The error or schema evolution is recorded somewhere, right? So you can, uh, go and look at that, uh, log or those details. So it finished. And since it is finished, we should have little more records. Earlier, when we checked, uh, we ingested 793 records. Now, let's check the data in the table. Let's see what we have got. So 1047 records. So we ingested some new data there. And let's look at the fields. So now I can see one extra country column added at the end. We have values here for the new records. It came after the underscore rescued data. But that is fine. Uh that's how schema evolution will keep on adding new fields. Uh, towards the end. Uh, if you want you can investigate the uh, schema using describe command and you will see that okay. Country column is added. It's a string. And that's what we wanted. So pretty much well, uh, that's all about the, uh, second scenario where we receive new data or new fields and we want to evolve the schema. And we learned how auto loader evolves the schema. It will fail once you retry it, and it will successfully evolve the schema and, uh, ingest the data. The third scenario, we want to understand how auto loader handles the rescued data or uh, faulty data, which cannot be, uh, parsed correctly or cannot be loaded into the target schema. So for, uh, simulating that scenario, I have prepared one more file here, uh, invoices 2022 dot CSV. So let's copy that file into the landing zone. Uh, to simulate that, we ingested a new data set, uh, as new file. And there is one record which is faulty, which is not correct. Um, something is incorrect in that record. And we will see how auto loader helps in rescuing the faulty data. So let's run the auto loader. Once again it's simple. No code change is required. Just call the function. And since the schema evolution is not needed for this uh, field, this file, uh, it won't go for a retry. It will successfully finish in one go itself. So that's done. Now let's try to look at the data. Um I'm doing select star from this table where underscore rescued data is not null. So I purposefully created one error record in this, uh, data set in this file to see how auto loader gives us the rescued data. So let's try to see what we have. We should have one rescue record. So underscore rescued is not null for this basically invoice number. This uh comes with incorrect invoice date. So basically spark structured streaming could not parse the date field of this record invoice date field. It could not parse it to timestamp. So since it could not successfully parse it to a valid timestamp, uh, a spark uh, streaming API will make it null and auto loader will capture the rescued data details here. So what is this? Let's look at it. It comes with enough detail, right. It is uh, it is a Json string. Right. And it is clearly telling me that invoice date field, the ingested value is this, uh, 30 3020, 22. So this is definitely incorrect date. Right. 3030 cannot be parsed correctly. We don't know. This should be uh, deed. This should be. Mhm. But there is no month for 30. So this is definitely incorrect data. So it captured the incorrect value. And the column value becomes null. And we have details here. What was the incoming value. And not only that we also know that in which file uh this incorrect record has arrived. So that's enough uh, detail for us. Uh, with about the invalid data or invalid column. Uh, you can work with that later. Uh, from this file, if this can be fixed, we can fix, uh, this value and update here so you can correct the data or maybe based on the rescue data, if it cannot be fixed, you can take a decision whether you want to keep this record, uh, in the next layer or you want to filter it out as an incorrect record. So. That's all. That's all about the autoloader. Uh, hope you learn how autoloader works, how to use it, and how to configure automatic schema evolution with, uh, auto loader. Uh, one tricky thing is that if schema is evolving, auto loader will fail once you retry it and it will succeed. And we also learned how it captures the rescued data. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.