Ramesh: Hello and welcome to the course on Azure Databricks for data engineers. My name's Ramesh and I'm going to be your instructor for this course. I'm a full-time data engineer, currently working for a Microsoft Xbox game studio based in the UK. I have over 20 years of experience working on some of the large data projects. I'm also an Azure certified data engineer associate. So I hope I'm qualified to teach you this course and I'll do my best to make your experience enjoyable and worthwhile. Please feel free to follow me on LinkedIn via this link. The primary focus of this course is Azure Databricks, which is a widely adopted Spark-based, unified data analytics platform optimized for Microsoft Cloud. Apart from learning the standard Databricks capabilities and tools, we'll also learn Spark using Python as well as SQL. I've also created a dedicated section on Delta Lake and how we can use Delta Lake to implement the emerging lakehouse architecture. I've also provided the necessary knowledge on the other services required to complete this course. The course uses Azure Data Lake Gen2 as a storage solution. I'll take you through all the way from creating a data lake service for reading and writing data to the data lake. We use Azure Data Factory to create, schedule, and monitor data pipelines. I have dedicated an entire section spanning nearly an hour and a half for Data Factory. This is by no means a course on Azure Data Factory, but we'll cover the necessary knowledge required for creating pipelines for Databricks notebooks and scheduling and monitoring those pipelines. The course focuses on building a production quality data engineering solution. So secrets are managed by Azure Key Vault, and the course provides the necessary knowledge required to achieve this. I'll also take you through how we can connect to the data in Databricks from PowerBI to create BI reports. I strongly believe in learning by doing. Whenever I learn something new, I generally apply that to a project which is interesting and engaging. This not only allows for the learning to be fun, but also reinforces the learning and make it stick. So I would like to give you the same experience on this course. We'll be doing a project on building a cloud data platform for reporting and doing analysis of the data from Formula 1 motorsport. In this project, we'll build a data lake in Azure by ingesting Formula 1 race data from an external API. We'll then transform this data as required for reporting and analysis purposes and make them available in our presentation layer. We'll then analyze the data for trends using Databricks and create the necessary dashboards. We'll also make the data available for BI reporting, and I'll demonstrate how to access this data from Power BI. All of these process will be scheduled and triggered via Azure Data Factory pipelines. We'll then go through the new and emerging data lakehouse architecture and convert our solution to create a data lakehouse using Delta Lake. Along the way, we'll do some interesting analysis on the data to identify the most dominant drivers and the teams in the history of Formula 1. Now let's look at who this course is for. This course will benefit someone with the following profile, university students looking for a career in data engineering, IT developers working on other disciplines trying to move into data engineering, data engineers and data warehouse developers currently working on on-premises technologies or other cloud platforms, and want to learn Azure data technologies, data architects looking to gain an understanding about Azure data engineering stack. So if you fall under one of these groups, the course can definitely help. This course is mainly targeted for students who wanna learn by doing. I do explain the concepts throughout the course, but nearly three quarters of the lessons are lab-based, in which you'll be working on the project. So you may not benefit from this course if you're just looking to listen to some videos on the concepts alone. This course covers some of the technologies required for the Azure Data Engineer Associate Certification exam, DP-203. But this course is not specifically designed to help you pass the certification exam or to teach you all the topics covered by the exam. So if your primary goal is only to pass the certification, this course alone won't be sufficient. You will have to learn more. So please look out for other suitable courses. The primary objective of the course is to teach Databricks and Spark core. It doesn't cover things like Spark ML and Spark Streaming. So if you are looking to learn one of those, you should look out for a different course. Also, in this course, I teach Spark using Python and SQL. Doing this in Scala or Java will be straightforward, but the course doesn't teach those explicitly. So if your objective is to learn Spark using Scala or Java specifically, please look out for a different course. There aren't many prerequisites for this course because I give overviews of all the technologies used and step-by-step instructions on how to create and use them. I also take you through every line of code being written so you can follow along and finish the course without any prior knowledge of these technologies. But having knowledge in the following areas would improve your chances of getting the best out of this course. Having Python knowledge is important. You don't need to be an expert in Python, just need to have some basic understanding of the language. Having some SQL knowledge will also help. I have provided a lesson on introduction to SQL, but having prior knowledge will help you significantly. Some knowledge about cloud fundamentals will help you along the way, but it's not as important as the other two. Most importantly, we need an Azure account for this course. If you haven't already got one, we'll create a free tier account during the course for which you'll need a credit card. I'm passionate about teaching and the success of my students, so I intend to answer all your questions on time as best as I can. Technology is evolving pretty quickly in this space, and I intend to keep the course updated to reflect that. You'll also have the standard Udemy promises, such as lifetime access to the course and the 30 day money back guarantee if you're not happy with the course. And finally, I truly enjoyed making this course, and I hope you'll enjoy learning from this as much as I did. So that's it from me. Thanks for listening. Let's get started with the course in earnest.