In this lesson, I'll walk you through the Course Structure and my advice on how to approach studying this course for the best outcome. There are 24 sections in this course and they can be split into six broad categories as shown here. The next section is an optional one in which we will create a free Azure subscription if you haven't already got one. And also I'll give you an overview of the Azure Portal, if you're new to Azure. Please feel free to skip this, if you already have an Azure account and familiar with the Azure Portal. The other overview sections are on the Databricks Architecture and the User Interface. A project overview which includes an overview of the Formula One season and the data and the API and also the project requirements. And finally, an overview of the Spark Architecture as well as the Data Frame and the Data Sources API. As part of Databricks, we have separate sections for Clusters, Notebooks, Access to Data Lake, Securing the access to Data Lake, Databricks Mounts and Databricks Jobs. We use PySpark to ingest the source data into our Data Lake. During Ingestion, we'll deal with a few types and complexities of data, so there are separate sections for those. We also look at some transformations. We then have a dedicated section for Filters and Transformations as well as Aggregations. As part of Spark SQL, we have sections on Temp views and how to access them from PySpark, creating databases, tables and views. Inserting data into Tables, Filters, Joins and Aggregations. We also have a separate section on using Spark SQL to do some interesting analysis. Section 21 is an advanced topic on implementing different design patterns for data loading in which we'll implement an incremental load pattern. This will be done both using PySpark as well as Spark SQL. In section 22, we talk about the pitfalls of Data Lakes and then discuss how the Lakehouse Architecture, can be implemented to resolve some of those issues. We'll also use Delta Lake to implement a Lakehouse Architecture as the solution for our project. In section 23, we create pipelines using Azure Data Factory to schedule the execution of Databricks Notebooks. We'll also create triggers to invoke the pipelines and monitor them. Section 24 will teach us how to connect to Databricks from PowerBI, so that we can create reports on the data from the Delta Lake. Every section in this course builds on the previous section. So for the best outcome, my advice is to follow the lessons in the order specified here and also complete all the lab sessions before continuing to the next section. So that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.