Let's talk in depth about Amazon bedrock, which is basically the bedrock of Amazon's generative AI capabilities, uses something called foundation models. Foundation models are just another name for the underlying large language models or image generation models that we use in AWS. So you can see a few examples of those on the right here. Amazon has its own model called Titan, and you will notice that OpenAI is not on this list because, you know, they work with Amazon's competitors. But not to worry, they also have models from meta and also from anthropic. They've put a lot of money behind anthropic. And the Claude models as of this recording are every bit as good as GPT whatever, if not better. But this is what we mean by a foundation model the underlying large language model, image generation model, whatever it is that you want to build applications on top of C Foundation, you build things on top of it kind of makes sense, right? And bedrock is essentially an API for building applications on top of those foundation models for training those models or fine tuning them or, you know, building stuff around it. Basically Now it's sort of a marketplace approach here. So these are all third party companies except for Amazon Titan, of course, and the way it works is that they will bill you through AWS with their own pricing models. So it's important to know what the pricing is before you sign up for one of these. But these are not necessarily Amazon affiliated models. You know, they're basically consolidating them in one place. And bedrock is a unified API that lets you use all of them in a similar manner. And in addition to all that, you can also fine tune some of these models. You can bring your own models as well if you want to. And it also has cool support for retrieval augmented generation Rag, and we'll get into what that means shortly also for LM agents. And again we'll get into that shortly as well. But these are exciting techniques for integrating these foundation models with your own services, your own data, your own documents, whatever it might be. Also, it is a serverless platform, so you don't have to worry about managing the servers that actually run the training or fine tuning of these models. You don't have to worry about the servers that actually run the inference. It can still get pricey. You know, generative AI is not necessarily cheap, but you don't need to worry about the underlying servers that are running these things. If you want to have that level of control, you could go use SageMaker, of course. Speaking of SageMaker, bedrock does integrate with SageMaker canvas, so you might be a little bit confused. You might say, hey, I thought SageMaker was the umbrella for all of Amazon's AI stuff. Well, it kind of still is. You know, bedrock technically can be used underneath SageMaker as well. So if you're working with AI at a lower level with SageMaker, you can still incorporate bedrock into what you're building with SageMaker as well. Uh, bedrock offers four different kinds of API endpoints. So if you are going to be using it through an API as opposed to through the console, there are different ways of doing that. One is the bedrock API that's used for managing the underlying models that you're using, for deploying them and for training them or fine tuning them. So for all the stuff you do before you actually use your model in production, bedrock is the API for that. Then there's Bedrock Runtime, and that's used for what we call performing inference. That's making real time responses out of new prompts that are coming in. So if you want to execute a prompt against one of your models and get a response back if you want to generate embeddings for a set of data, you would use bedrock Dash runtime for that. Also for generating images from text, whatever it might be. Under bedrock Dash runtime, some of the common operations are converse invoke model, and then there's stream versions of both, which are Converse Stream and Invoke model with response stream. What do we mean by a stream? Well, well, if you ever use ChatGPT, for example, you've noticed that the output is displayed to you one word at a time as it comes out. So that's what we mean by a stream. Instead of returning the entire response all at once together, it's giving it back to you in a stream of words. Or, well, really, there are tokens under the hood, but they're displayed as words to us. So that's what stream means in that context. Converse obviously sort of a chat approach to the problem, whereas invoke model is more of a one shot. Here's some data. Give me a response. Then we have Bedrock agent, and we haven't talked about LM agents yet, but the very short version of an LM agent is that it's a framework where you provide your large language model with tools that can do different stuff. So you can say, okay, underlying foundation model, Here's a tool that can go get today's weather. Here's a tool that can go search this relevant document or database that I have that's proprietary to my organization. Anything you can dream up. So it's a very powerful framework for building applications on top of these foundation models that take advantage of generative AI, but basically supplement them with your own data, your own services, your own search, whatever it might be. So really, the sky's the limit as to what you can build using agents and the primary API endpoint for managing, deploying and training those agents and knowledge bases. That's basically a way of incorporating your own data into a foundation model. That's bedrock agent. So just like bedrock is sort of everything you do before production, bedrock agent is everything you do before production for an agent and for runtime. There's of course, Bedrock Agent runtime, and this is what actually performs inference against those agents and knowledge bases. So if you want to actually use one of these agents or retrieval augmented generation systems, bedrock agent dash runtime is your friend. And some of the underlying methods there are invoke, agent, retrieve and retrieve and generate. As far as security permissions go. One important note is that if you're using bedrock, you must do so with an IAM user. You cannot do this with your root account. There are certain things that just won't work with a root account, and that's best practice anyway, right? You should be reserving your root account for really high level administrative stuff and not using that on a daily basis. So it is important that if you are going to be following hands on with some of the examples in this section, for example, that you're doing so with an IAM user account, not your root account. So remember that that IAM user must have the relevant bedrock permissions in order to use bedrock. That's Amazon Bedrock Full Access or Amazon Bedrock read only. There's a few other specific ones in the screenshot to the right here. If it's an administrative user, an administrator user, then those are all included automatically as well. Now, another fine point about using bedrock. Before you can use any of these foundation models, you need to first request access to them. And that's basically Amazon's way of making you agree to the pricing and the licensing terms, the end user license agreement for these individual models. Again, a lot of these models are third party, so they don't really have control over what those terms are. And they want to make sure you agree to it before they give you access to them. Amazon's own models. Titan obviously is an exception to that. If you request access to an Amazon Titan model, that will be approved immediately, but for the other ones, they do come pretty quickly, just a couple of minutes. Typically, you just have to go and acknowledge their end user license agreement, and then some automated process comes through that will grant you access to those models. But you want to make sure that you think about what models you need to use in your application up front and request that access upfront. Otherwise, you'll have kind of a nasty surprise when you try to use these within an application. And you can't because you don't have access to the model you're trying to use. So the way this works, again, it's kind of like a marketplace. So you will be billed the third parties rates through AWS. So you won't get a separate bill. But you will be billed for these models usage through AWS. And these third parties set the pricing. So make sure you check with that pricing is it only takes a few minutes for approval like I said, but it's just something you have to remember to do before you start using one of these foundation models. And they do not really make the pricing apparent when you're approving that access. So it does make you agree to the end user license agreement, but it does not make you agree to the pricing. So be sure to know what you're getting yourself into. Head on over to Aws.amazon.com slash bedrock slash pricing, and that will give you a list of the current pricing for all these different foundation models that they offer. So some are more expensive than others, and you want to make sure you have the budget to deal with it. All right. So you've been warned with that. Let's play around. So Amazon Bedrock provides different playgrounds for different types of applications. So there's a quick way to experiment with these foundation models using a chat interface a text generation interface and also an image generation interface. So let's play around with that. We'll show you how to request that model access that you need for this first. And also you can use this playground for evaluating your own custom models or models that you've imported from someplace else. So bedrock is not limited to the foundation models that they offer in their little marketplace. You can bring your own too. So let's play.