All right. So bedrock is really fundamental to generative AI and AWS. So let's start by getting our hands dirty right away. Okay. So in bedrock we have a playground if you will, that lets us play around with different foundation models. And fundamentally bedrock is this wrapper around different foundation models from different vendors that you can use to play with or build applications around or whatever you want to do. So let's try it out. So if you go to the bedrock console here, we should see a test pane here over here in the menu. Let's start with chat and text and kind of walk through what's going on here. So two different modes here. There's chat and single prompt formerly called text chat of course is just a chat conversation. You can go back and forth and build on the context of what you talked about earlier. And that context keeps building up the longer and longer that chat goes. Whereas single prompt is a one shot thing, we give it a request, it gives me a response. We're done. You know, that's it. So let's start with chat because that's what most people want to do. First thing we got to do is select a model to chat with. And you can see here there's a pretty good menu. And again the whole point of bedrock is to wrap all these different models and let you interact with them in a consistent manner. So you can even hit open AI, some of the older models, uh, deep seek if you want to do that. I like anthropic. So let's go ahead and hit Claude Sonnet for. But you can choose whatever model you like. And if you want a specific inference profile, you can do that here too. I'm going to stick with a global Claude Sonnet here. If I wanted the US version I could do that, but doesn't really matter. We're just playing around. All right. Let's walk through these configurations. So system prompt, basically any consistent information you want to give it that applies to everything you do in the chat. Um we'll get back to that model reasoning. So this is a new thing, right. Um, so if I did want to give it a more complicated task, these, uh, more large models are capable of doing that. So by chain of thought, it can actually take a complicated task, break that down into smaller subtasks, and then put those all together. That's what we mean by reasoning. So it's basically this multi-stage process where it takes your complicated prompt, breaks it down into steps to achieve what you want, and then executes those specific steps to give you a final answer. And by enabling model reasoning, we enable that kind of behavior, which obviously costs more. But if you're going to be doing more complicated things, it might be worth it. We can specify what the maximum reasoning length is. So just how deeply do I want you to think. Right. So you have control over that. Obviously there's a trade off there between complexity and cost. And it will also tell you, you know, what it was doing along the way. But I'm not going to give it anything that complicated. So I'm going to turn that off. Maximum output tokens I found that this is more of a suggestion than a rule with some models, but if you want to have some influence over the length of the final response, this is where you would do it. You can also define your own custom stop sequences, and if you have a model that's going to generate a specific sequence of characters, maybe you fine tune this or something, or it's your own model. That would be a way of specifying. I want you to shut up when you hit this sequence of characters. Randomness. All right. This one's a little bit more complicated. So two choices here. Temperature or top P. So with temperature. Well let's back up a little bit. So large language models if I really oversimplify are just predicting the next word in a sentence over and over and over again. And in that process for each word that is predicting, it has a list of candidates that it can choose from of what the an appropriate next word might be. Temperature is how much randomness there is in that decision. So the temperature of zero it's always going to pick the top result okay. Which is usually what you want. But if you want things to be a little bit more wacky, a little bit more random, you might want to change that. Top K is basically how many does it have to pick from? So when I'm generating candidates for the next word in a sentence, technically they're tokens, not words, but whatever. Um, that's how many it has to choose from. And 250 is what that is by default. Alternately, I could change. I could specify the randomness and diversity of the result by top p. And again we have a top k of how many we're choosing from. But in this case top p is referring to the probability threshold of the next token being correct. So rather than saying I have 250 candidates, how much randomness do I want to be in picking between those? I'm saying here's the threshold of how good a candidate needs to be in the first place. All right, so I don't think this is really something you're going to need for the exam, but I'm just kind of explaining what these parameters mean. Fundamentally, they're both ways of controlling how weird and creative and different and non-reproducible your results will be. Guardrails. We're going to get to that later in the course. There are ways of basically having these mechanisms for saying you don't send in personal identifiable information or output personal identifiable information or dirty words or things you don't want to talk about. Those are what guardrails are for. We're getting there later on. All right. Let's see if it works. So let's go ahead and give it a prompt. Something simple like what is the meaning of life. Boop. All right I think you've been asked this question before. So, you know, it's going to give me a very generic answer that says there is no answer. And since this is a chat, I can build upon that. Right. So because I'm in chat mode, I can say something that builds on the context of this prior conversation, and I can say something like, um, what is it for? I don't know, pick your favorite philosophy nihilists. And because it has that context of the previous chat, it knows what I'm referring to by it. Hopefully. Yes it does. And it says, well, in that case there is no meaning, but no one really believes that, yada yada, whatever. Okay, so that's chat. And again the only difference with text mode is single prompt is that there is no chat history. Let's try that out real quick though. So again I'm going to select a model. And now we're in single prompt land. Let's stick with anthropic. And just to show you a system prompt in action, let's tell it uh always respond in the style of a pirate. So now anything that I say is going to be getting a response in pirate speak. All right. I also want to show you that you can mix and match your inputs too, so we can upload a file. This is a multi modal model. And if we go to our course materials, you should see a CFS bylaws Rev nine dot doc file so I can throw a good old fashioned word document at this thing. And what this is, is just a word document that has the bylaws of an astronomy club that I was the president for for a few years. So I've actually done this in the real world because it's kind of hard to understand them sometimes. So I can say, hey, Claude, figure this out for me. I need to know, um, what are the quorum requirements for a annual vote for the board of directors? And hopefully it will ingest that document and base its answer on what it finds. Let's find out. Oh, and by the way, it will answer in the style of a pirate as well. Yeah, I love it. I mean, Marty tips tricorn hat. Oh nice touch. Yeah. So basically it's saying, uh, yeah, we need to do that in the October regular meeting, and we need a quorum of 15 members and two board members. And it's right. You know, I've read the bylaws and that is correct. So good job, pirate Claude. All right, let's do something with a different kind of modality. So back to bedrock. And this time let's go to the image playground. You can also do watermark detection and some other stuff too. But we'll stop with images. So uh, by the image video playground, it means generating images or video. So first we need an image or a video model. Amazon has some cool ones you can choose from. So, uh, video models, they can get kind of pricey. So, you know, you're probably on a budget. I'm not going to send you there, but generating an image shouldn't cost too much. Let's do Nova canvas, and we can either do on demand or provisioned throughput for the inference model. So on demand means it's going to be, you know, spinning up whatever resources it needs to make this image, and it's going to spin it back down. But if I did want to do, uh, basically nonstop 24, seven image generation, it might be cheaper to provision throughput for that upfront, but definitely don't want to spend that right now. So on demand it is. All right. So we wanted to do. Look, there's all sorts of stuff we can do. We can generate an image, we can make variations of an existing image. We can remove an object, replace an object in an image, replace the background, remove the background. Pretty cool. So I could upload an image and have it modify it, or just make a new one from scratch. So make life easier. Let's make one from scratch. You can also have a negative prompt that tells it what not to do. So if you want to say, hey, don't generate images that have these attributes. That's where I would say so. If I want specific image size I can do so here number of images I want. Oh I can give me multiple to choose from. I can also specify a specific color palette. So that's kind of cool. If I have kind of a brand guidelines or a color palette for an existing website or something, I can add that right there. Pretty cool. And I can also give it a conditioning image to kind of give it an example of what I want to prompt. Strength is basically how well it's going to adhere to your prompt. So you can kind of think of that as a creativity lever. So, you know, if I if I bump down that strength, it might go a little bit more off the rails. And sometimes you want that seed is basically the random seed. So if I want reproducible results, I want to make sure I have a consistent seed each time. Let's see if it works. So uh, right a prompt okay. Um, create a cartoon style image of a chicken. Uh, let's make the chicken do something weird. Uh, wearing headphones. Off you go. Let's see what it can do. And I did choose three images, so it's going to give me three to pick from here. That was pretty quick. That was really quick actually. And there are my chickens wearing headphones. Um they don't look happy about it do they? Gosh. All right. But yeah that's bedrock in action folks. Just playing around a little bit there in the image playground and the text playground. And obviously you can see from this menu there's a whole lot more you can do. We are going to dive into a lot of this stuff and build real applications around our models, and not just make pictures of chickens. So stay tuned. But, uh, yeah, there's bedrock for you for the first time.