A few more bedrock features that we didn't talk about previously that are worth a mention. One is that, you know, again, you're not limited to the foundation models that bedrock provides or the custom models that you build on top of them. You can also import your own models that were trained from scratch. So in SageMaker you have that capability, right? You can go off and create your own foundation model and even train your own large language model from the ground up if you want to. You can import that model into bedrock. So you can either import that from SageMaker, or you can have a stored version of that model in S3 that you can import as well. So that's just a capability that bedrock offers. Also something worth talking about in some length is model evaluation. So if I do build a model or if I'm trying to compare models against each other, how do I measure them? How do I know one is better than the other? That's actually very hard to do with generative AI because the results are so non-deterministic sometimes, right? How do you decide what's good? Oftentimes it's a human decision, and that is one way to do it. But there are automatic metrics as well. So you can try to measure the accuracy toxicity Robustness. There's a metric called Bert score. You might want to remember F1, whatever it might be, and it can automatically compute those based on test data sets that you provide of prompts and the ideal responses to those prompts, basically. And you can either provide your own set of test prompts and responses, or there are built in prompt data sets you can use as well that have sort of a pre-built standard test set that will measure the relevancy of a given result from a model for a set of questions. And some of these data sets contain questions or prompts that are specifically designed to test the model's ability to reason things like that. So that's one way you can evaluate models within bedrock. Also, you can do it with humans. So if you want to bring your own team, it provides a framework for actually evaluating your models against human beings who are evaluating the quality of those responses. So for example, our self reinforcement learning from human feedback is an example of that, where you can put a couple of different responses from a model next to each other and ask humans to rate which one is better, right? You've probably seen that in other generative AI systems. That's what's going on there. It's basically human evaluation of the response from your model. And you don't have to bring your own team either. You can also use AWS managed teams as well, kind of like they do with Mechanical Turk. Right? So they have sort of this army of evaluators out there, human evaluators that you can leverage to evaluate your model and decide whether a given response from that model is good or not. Also, you have the ability to provide provisioned throughput. We talked about that briefly with LM agents. But more generally, if you want to make sure you have enough capacity for a given steady load, you have the ability to provide provisioned throughput for the inference layer in bedrock. Also. One other thing is watermark detection. So if you use the Titan Image Generation Foundation model from Amazon, it embeds a watermark into its results that can be detected. So if you want to take an image and determine if it was generated by that model, the flip side of that is that there's a watermark detection module in bedrock that can be used for that purpose. Also last thing is Bedrock Studio. This is kind of a new feature here, at least as of this recording. It's a web app environment. So it's a web based workspace for bedrock that allows people to use bedrock and develop within it without having an AWS account necessarily. So if you want to use bedrock within an organization and you don't want to have people to have their own AWS accounts to use it, Bedrock Studio is a way to do that from a security standpoint, uses some sort of single sign on integration with IAM and your own identity provider. So basically it ties together whatever sign on or account mechanism you have within your organization, and it integrates that with IAM under the hood. So it kind of looks like they're an AWS account under the hood. Using Bedrock Studio, different users can collaborate on projects and also components within that project, but they don't necessarily have to have their own AWS account. So good tool for collaboration within a larger environment.