The next one I want to talk about is how we can serve data to customers. So let's take a look at an example. In this case, maybe we're a streaming company and we're storing all of our assets inside of an S3 bucket. Now, in this case, this S3 bucket lives in Us-east-1 and we've got all of our video assets that live inside of our bucket. Maybe this is a nine part series. We've got all of our videos living in a single bucket inside of Us-east-1. But we're a company that serves our videos across the United States. So we may have viewers in New York, viewers in Dallas, viewers in Los Angeles. And of course, they're out there to watch the best Amazon S3 course out there. Maybe it's a nine part series on Amazon S3. I don't know. And so our users in New York, they're accessing our data. And it's pretty low latency because New York is on the East Coast and so is US East one. So not a lot of distance between them. Latency looks good. The users in New York have no problem watching our video. Now we move to Dallas. Dallas is kind of central us and we may have a little bit more latency from Dallas over to Virginia. Now, these are probably exaggerated a little bit. You probably won't have 50 milliseconds latency from Dallas to Virginia, but for the sake of this video, Dallas may have a little bit more latency accessing our buckets on the East Coast. And finally, Los Angeles, which is actually on the West Coast, totally opposite coast of where our data is stored. Well, they may be having problems accessing our video because they have a much higher latency. They're going across the country in order to access our data. So we may have problems in Dallas and we may have problems in Los Angeles that they're buffering our videos when they're trying to watch and learn about Amazon. S3 So what can we do to increase performance for our users? How can we increase the performance for our customers? Again, our video assets bucket lives in US East One, which is on the East Coast. What we can do is actually introduce CloudFront and what we can do is distribute our content across all the edge locations across the United States. So now what happens is these edge locations actually live in all these different cities across the US. And when our users across New York, Dallas and Los Angeles access our content, well, they're not having to go all the way to us East One in order to access the content, they would actually communicate with the local CloudFront edge location that's probably in their city. New York, Dallas and Los Angeles are large enough where they probably have one or more edge locations in that city. So now rather than going all the way over to the East Coast, the folks in Los Angeles can actually interact with the content using the CloudFront Edge location because it's now local and now they don't have any problem with accessing it. Users in New York access the content in New York, very low latency. Dallas users access the content in Dallas, very low latency, right. And same thing for LA. They're accessing the content in LA that's been distributed and they have a great video experience as well. So by using CloudFront, we can distribute our content across all of these edge locations and now our users don't have to go all the way to our bucket in Virginia. They can actually access the data locally using CloudFront edge locations.