So up until this point, we've really been talking about reading data from our Amazon S3 bucket, but it may be important to increase write performance as well. Let's take a look to see what we have. So again, in this example, we're a streaming company and we're creating and editing videos and maybe we're working with video editors around the world where a US based company, but maybe we have video editors in Europe and of course, this video editor as they're working on our videos and editing them, making them look perfect. They have all these edited videos that they need to upload into our bucket. Now, in this case, since we're a US based company, maybe our bucket still lives in US East One. If you think about the video editor location as compared to the Bucket and where it lives in US East one that's thousands of miles apart from Europe all the way back to the US across the Atlantic Ocean. And our video editor well, may not have a great experience uploading it because it's so far apart and they may have slow upload times. So our video editor is not happy in this case. So what can we do? Well, we can use a feature called transfer acceleration. So across the AWS infrastructure, not thinking about your account, but thinking about all the infrastructure that Amazon itself manages for AWS inside of their architecture. Of course, they have all the services that support S3, in this case US East one, but throughout their infrastructure they also have these edge locations as well. They may have an edge location in London, they may have a location in Hyderabad, and these edge locations have an AWS backbone to the rest of the architecture, a very fast private network backbone that Amazon can use to actually transfer data very, very fast. We're not thinking about the public Internet that's inherently unreliable. This is private connectivity that Amazon has laid down and they use between all their services. Now, what our video editor can do is rather than upload those videos directly to us, one, a video editor can now upload using our edge locations and on the back end, Amazon's going to actually use that backbone to upload that data into our bucket that lives all the way in US East one. So from a video editor perspective, they have a really great experience by uploading data because they're simply uploading data to a local edge location and then Amazon itself takes care of migrating that data from the edge location all the way over to our bucket, regardless of where that lives. So we really accelerate the upload for our user by using edge locations, very similar to how we accelerated the download for our users using CloudFront for content distribution. Now what we're doing is we're distributing edge locations where users can use to upload data as well. So let's take another look to see what this looks like on a map. So again, we have the US over here on the left and we have Europe on the right. Again, we have our video assets bucket that lives in the US on the East Coast and we've got our video editor in Europe now we've got our edge location in Europe and this video editor can simply upload using the edge location. And now on the back end, Amazon's going to go ahead and migrate our data into our bucket. Again. The video editor has a great experience because they're working with a local edge location versus having to go all the way over to. Usds one Directly across the internet you get much faster upload speeds for your data. Now, the great thing about all these edge locations is they are all over the place. AWS has created edge locations all around the world. There's hundreds of them everywhere. So if you decide to add more video editors to your team, maybe in Norway or Sweden, this user up here can access a local edge location in Norway. And then on the back end we accelerate the transfer of the data using that edge location. Same thing in Greenland. If you have a user up there that's editing videos that needs to upload that data, this user can simply upload using the local edge location and the data is going to be transferred over to our bucket using AWS private backbone. So again, edge locations all around the world, no matter who you're working with, if you have a centralized bucket where you want folks to upload to, this is a great way that you can really accelerate your uploads to an AWS bucket. So how do I actually use transfer acceleration? Well, the first thing is you go into your bucket and you simply enable it. It's simply edit And do I want to enable it or not enable it? That's really the only choice that you get now. When you enable it, you actually get what's called an accelerated endpoint. Now, the original or the default endpoint for our Amazon S3 Deep-dive bucket may look like this. Amazon S3 Deepdive. amazon.com and now the accelerated endpoint is Amazon S3. Deep dive dot S3 dash accelerate dot Amazon Aws.com. So we have a different endpoint that we would use in order to upload our data. And now it's accelerated using AWS backbone. Now keep in mind this does incur costs if you use transfer acceleration and make sure you check out the pricing to make sure that it's going to be worth it for your use case. Does it really make a difference? Does transfer acceleration really make a difference? Well, it actually does. In the middle here is a map of the US and the X is generally where I live, kind of central us. Now there's a website that you can actually use to test whether it makes a difference, and it's going to test all kinds of different regions for you. Now, I ran this test and here are the results of some of these tests. How fast is it if I use transfer acceleration versus a traditional endpoint going to Us-east-1, which is in Virginia? And by the way, on the map, you can see the red dot there with a V, just because I know a lot of folks taking this course may not be from the US. So I just want to make sure you understand where we're talking about here. So in this case, if I were to transfer data to Northern Virginia or Us-east-1 using transfer acceleration, I may get a 1% increase. Not a whole lot. May not be worth the cost for that particular use case. Now, I ran against San Francisco, which is US West one, and for some reason it was 4% slower. So transfer acceleration may not be perfect and may also depend on your Internet connectivity where you're coming in from. ET cetera. In this case, it was 4% slower. And you can see where San Francisco is on the map here. And finally, Oregon. Oregon, you see on the map in the top left there, it was actually 4% faster for me to use transfer acceleration going to Oregon, which is US West two. That's the US. What about outside of the US? Now Dublin. So the test ran against Dublin, which is EU West one. It was actually 25% faster with me using transfer acceleration versus not using transfer acceleration quite a bit faster. How about Frankfurt? 39% faster using transfer acceleration. And finally, Mumbai was actually 76% faster using transfer acceleration versus not using transfer acceleration. So you can really see that transfer acceleration excels when you're moving data or uploading data to buckets to regions that are far away. When it's local, you get a little bit of performance increase or in my case, you get a performance decrease if I'm going to San Francisco. But in this case, if I'm going from the US over to Europe, you can see it's considerably faster if I'm using transfer acceleration versus not using transfer acceleration. So down here at the bottom I post a link. I've also included it as a resource. On this lecture. You can access this site and you can test it for yourself. It'll actually download a file locally and it'll upload to S3, I guess to an Amazon account so it doesn't incur any costs on your side, but it will upload using the standard endpoint and then it'll upload using the accelerated endpoint and it shows you the difference between the two. So I thought it would be really cool to showcase the difference between not using acceleration and using acceleration in a real world scenario here. And of course you can see if you're uploading data to a region that's pretty far away, you get a substantial increase in performance when you're writing data.