Well. Hello. My name's Ed Donner. I'm a two time AI startup co-founder and a former managing director for J.P. Morgan. And I'm about to take you on a wild ride. We're going to be spending the next six weeks together on an adventure. I've actually just finished myself doing the six weeks worth of projects. There are eight projects along the way, and I can tell you I have some astonishing things in store for you and I can't wait to get started. Let's do this! Now, it's customary with these things to kick off with an introduction to myself and talk about the goals of the course, but people who've taken my courses before will know that I don't like doing that. Let's not do that. Let's get straight to action. Let's go and see some autonomous AI agents in practice, and we'll come back and do that other stuff later. So I've taken us now to the app N810, which is an exciting app that is definitely generating interest. This is an example of one of these low code or no code workflow apps that allows you to construct a workflow of orchestrating between different applications and build it without necessarily needing to write any code yourself. The difference with some of the other workflow tools like this is that it has generative AI built into it, and that's why people are so excited about N810. So if you come to N810, which is the cloud version of it, you can also download it and run it locally. But here we're using it in the cloud. You can press Get Started and set up an account if you want to do this yourself. Or you can just watch me. But it might be fun to try this out yourself if you haven't used it before. So I've set up an account, I've done that, and once I've signed in, I get this beginning screen to add my first step. You can also use one of their templates right off the bat if you want to, but we're going to build something ourselves right now. So we're going to add a first step. And what we're going to do is we're going to begin by starting with a chat message. So this if I go back to the canvas here, you press back to canvas on the top left. We can now see this canvas which is showing that we have a chat box here that's represented by this chat window down here. and we can chat and do something as a result of that chat. So what do we want to do? Well, we press the plus button right here and we come over to the right and we decide that we want to have advanced AI. And we're going to create an AI agent right here. And now, if I go back to canvas, I'll show you that what we have in our canvas now is a chat message going into an AI agent representing by this box. And then something can come out at the back of that. And you don't need to know all of the details here. This is more to give you an idea. And by all means you can play with this yourself. But most of this course is going to be about building things like this. But let's give this a shot. So the next thing we can do is add a chat model. And this is a large language model that's going to sit behind this AI agent. And I'm going to pick open AI chat model. Now that's because I have an open AI key which will be setting up for you if you don't have one already quite soon. And alternatively, if you don't want to do this, you can use Olama instead and run for free, but you would then have to install it Locally, but I've set up my OpenAI account and you can do this yourself. All you do is you come down here and you press create New credential and you type in your API key. But I've done that already. So my OpenAI account is linked. It's as simple as that. And here it is. It looks here OpenAI chat is connected to my chat model. So far so good. Let's keep moving. We're now going to add in a tool. Now, tools are one of the most fundamental building blocks of a gigantic AI. And this week is going to be a lot about building tools. So I pressed the plus button to open up the list of tools that I could connect with the AI agent. And you can see there's a large number of tools, a lot of different things that this agent could, could use, could take advantage of. It could do calculations with a calculator. It can book meetings using my Google calendar or read my emails, look at my Facebook timeline, lots of things that it can do, as you will see here, read Hacker News for me. I would like that. Okay, but we're going to go all the way down and we're going to find something here that I just want to show off, which is the Philips Hue tool. I don't know if you know about Philips Hue. It's something which is, uh, gives you light bulbs. And I have a lot of light bulbs in my apartment here, and we're just going to pick a light bulb. This one here called the bed strip. And we can add a field. We'll say brightness. We'll let the AI automatically choose what it wants to do with brightness. We'll add a field hue which is like the color. And we'll let that do that too. And that's all there is to it. We've now when I go back to the canvas, you'll see that we have given a tool to this agent that you can see visually here, that it is able to control the Philips Hue light bulb. So here we are looking at our chat, our agent, the LM and the tool. Let's get going with bringing up the chat message that's associated with this input. And let's say well hi there. And you can see it working and thinking hello, how may I assist you today. Let's say please Turn the lights on. Bright white. And let's see. And bam! Did you see that coming? On come the lights that I am, in fact, wearing my light strip. Uh, so here we go. Now, you may say to me, okay, that's cool. I see tools in action. I see an LM that I'm chatting with. It's controlling my lights in my apartment. Great. But it's not really showing me autonomy. I'm not seeing something where it's making its own decision. Well, then let me show you that. So to make it autonomous, we need to give this agent some agency. So let's say please pick a color. Let's say, uh, either deep red or deep blue and change the lights to that color. Let's see how it does with that. And there we go a lovely red comes out. Fantastic. So there you have it. We have an autonomous agent. Maybe it's a simple task, but nonetheless, you just saw it making its own decision, picking red over blue and changing the light bulb all through Nathan's web app. So look, that was a bit small and superficial, but nonetheless, it was our first foray into the world of Agentic AI. And I strongly encourage you to go and take a look at N810. It's so easy to use. It's so quick to set up an account, to hook up a web form to your Google Calendar, and lots of other things to try out, and it gives you a nice hands on sense of what it's like to work with agents. But I should say, this is the last time that we'll be using a tool, a low code, no code tool like this. As a user of AI, for the next six weeks, we're going to be rolling up our sleeves and we're going to be coding agents. We're going to be building them ourselves and working with frameworks that allow us to build and have different agents interact, be orchestrated to solve problems. Okay. So in the next lecture, I will tell you more about what I have in store for you. See you then.