Well. Hello Mac people and Linux people, welcome to your setup video series. If you're a PC user, then what are you doing here? We just set up your environment. You're set. Go on to the next lecture. All right, Mac people, I had a rough time with the PC lot. I am this is this is my sweet spot. I'm a I'm a mac user, so this hopefully is going to be very easy and fun. All right. So I'm in a finder window here. And I've gone into utilities applications utilities to show you that that's where you can find terminal to open up a terminal if you're not familiar with that. But I'm going to now assume that you know about this and open up a terminal. Here's one right here and make that a bit bigger for you. Hang on. So this this is where we are going to do some of the next few steps. And we've actually got a five step process for setting up your environment. And this is the first step which is about cloning the repo or getting a copy of the code for the class onto your local box. Now I'm in my home directory here if I do PWD. If you're not familiar with the command prompt, I've included a guide to get you more comfortable more confident using the command line. It's common for people to have a directory called projects in their home directory where they put all of their their work projects. And if you have that, then if you do CD projects, it will go in there. Now it looks like I don't have one, so I have to make one with make directory projects and then change to projects. And now I'm in my empty projects directory, but you may have a few projects in there. So the next step is now to bring the GitHub repo here. And so what we now do is we go using our favorite browser to a, a page where we have the repo which is linked in the course materials. This is what the repo looks like when you go to GitHub to my name and you see the repo here, here are all of the directories, one for each of the weeks that we have coming up ahead of us, and then some general stuff. And if you scroll down you see something that's known as the project Readme. And it's really important because it's got great stuff in there. And I urge you to read the readme and the things it links to. It begins with some stuff which includes another appeal to LinkedIn with me. I seem to be quite desperate on this front. And then comes the setup instructions. And there's a link for windows. Instructions for the other guys. There's a link for Mac and Linux. Come follow that link to get step by step instructions. And to be honest, those instructions are going to be way clearer than than this video. And I'm going to keep them updated when people have problems. So that should really be your first place to go. And this video see it as like a video that goes along through it. So you get get a sense for it. But the Readme also has lots of useful resources and a ton of important stuff on API costs that I urge you to read, because I know this is a sensitive topic. And so please do look through it and read all the other stuff and the links to the guides and so on. And I should probably mention that if you've not used GitHub before, you might need to create a new account with GitHub to get to this point. Now, just before we clone this repo locally, I'd like to go back to the terminal window and I just want you to type git minus minus version to check that you've got git installed on your Mac, and it should come up like mine does with a version number. If it doesn't, you might need to run this command. Xcode select minus minus install, which installs some of the basic developer tools on your Mac. I've got a link to that in the setup instructions. I won't do it since I already have Xcode and Developer tools installed. Okay, so with that, if you're typing git minus minus version, you're getting a number there. You come to the repo, you've signed in to GitHub, there's this green code button on the top right. And you press there. And probably I recommend that at this point you select the Https version. I'm going to pick this version because I have that kind of credential. But but you can also pick the other one. and then you copy that into your clipboard by pressing the copy button right there. So once you've copied this text, which is the link to this, this repo, you then come back to the command line. And in your projects directory there I am I'm inside users ed projects. I'm now going to type git clone, and then the repo link that I've pasted from my clipboard. And I press enter and in it comes and it's done. If I now have a look you'll see that there is a directory called agents. If I go into agents I now see that I have directories for the full project. And I want to mention that where we are right now in this directory that's in my projects directory, the agents directory. This here, this is known as the project root directory. If you're inside the sort of top level directory of your project of agents. So this is the project root. And you'll hear that referred to during the course and generally. And so it's worth knowing that that's what it is. But that is step one of the setup complete. Okay. Welcome to step two of the setup for Mac. We're going to now install cursor the I IDE which is great. It is fabulous. And you're going to love it. If you've already got cursor then of course you can skip this step. Otherwise bring up your favorite browser and go to cursor. And here we have the screen for installing cursor. You will need to begin by creating an account using the sign up button over here. If you don't have one already and it will just guide you through. I use my Google credentials myself, and I selected a Trial Pro plan myself, which is a free at least for now. And I then press download for Mac, which then brings down an installer. I then run that installer and it then asks me a couple of questions. I log in and then it installs it. I mean, I'm sure you are used to these things. You then drag and drop into applications and you open that up and it will install it. Easy peasy. I selected all of the default setup instructions, nothing special at all. And then you should launch it and you should be in cursor. And that is where we will go next. Okay. So once you've opened up cursor freshly installed this is what it should look like a nice big empty screen. And we're going to press the open project button right here. And we're going to then navigate to projects wherever that is. I guess it's going to be at the top projects and then agents, which is the new folder that we've just installed. This is known as the project root folder. Here it is. And then we're going to press open. And here it is. Cursor opens up. We've got a nice screen here that's known as the explorer which shows all of the files organized by directories. One of these directories might be open. You can just click the switch to collapse it like that. There might be a box up here with some sort of welcome to cursor, blah blah blah. Just X out of that extra box on the top left if it's there for you. Over here is a chat screen where you can chat with an AI about your code. And I'm going to suggest for now we x out of that as well to keep things really clean. So what we're looking at now is a nice big area here. And the code the explorer to look at our directories right here, including the Readme and so on. And congratulations you are into cursor. And that is the second step of the instructions completed. And we are now onto step three of the instructions which are my very favorite step where you're going to install. You've the package manager which is so fabulous, so quick and easy to use, and you're going to be really happy about this. I know it's like another new thing to learn, which is always a pain, but I tell you, it's so great. The reason we're doing this is partly because a student on my prior course, said, you know, you really should use UV. It's so much better. And so I'd heard of it. I knew it was doing the rounds, but I hadn't actually used it myself until that, and that pushed me to do it. And I've never looked back. And we'll find that many of the AI platforms, the agent platforms will use or use UV themselves. So it's going to work out really well for us. You're going to be grateful I showed you this if you're not already a UV convert. All right. So first step is to install UV. And the way you do that is you bring up a browser window. And yeah you can just Google for UV package manager. Or you can look at the link that I'll have in the instructions, and you'll see that there is the um link to the GitHub. And it has within it some clear installation instructions. You just simply have to run this one command in a terminal, and I will copy that to the clipboard. There it is. Now there's actually a new easy way to run things in a terminal because you can do it within cursor. Here's my cursor screen again. And there's actually a view menu. And you can go view and then terminal. Or you can know to press the control button not the command button, not the one with the squiggle clover on it, but the control button on the bottom left of your keyboard control. And then the tick mark on the top left of your keyboard. Or at least on my keyboard. And up comes a terminal. But you could also go to the view menu and choose terminal. And here it is. And now you can simply paste in that command to run the installation for you've. And it will be super quick and you'll be done. I'm not going to run it because I've already run it. Once you've done that, you might need to close this terminal by pressing the the X, and you might actually need to to quit out of right right out of cursor and bring back up cursor because it needs to refresh its environment variables. But but if you've done that then if you type UV minus minus version, it should give you a version number which is telling you that all is good, UV is installed. And uh, with that we are almost ready to go. There is now only one command left. And what is that command? I hear you ask. It is simply to type at this point. You see like that. And what that's going to do is it's going to look at some of the other files here, like a Python version file and a pyproject.toml and some other things and a UV lock. And it's going to use that to build our environment and let's see it doing that. Off it goes. Now I told you that it's quick and you'll see that it was very quick. That is just done. But that's actually quicker than it will be for you. And it's that quick because it does cache things that I've done before. When you do this, it's going to take about three minutes, four minutes, which is still very quick because Anaconda takes like an hour or something. So it's going to be fast, but there is still a lot to be installed, so you'll have to sit back and wait while everything installs, but enjoy the raw power of UV as everything gets built there And once it's done, what you may notice is that there's a new. Directory called dot that's appeared, which is like a traditional Python virtual environment. If you know these things that it's created one for this project. And so one of the really nice things about UV is that it's compatible and consistent with all of the other ways you do things in Python. It's not like there's a new sort of thing like Conda. So it's that's been set up and now that is going to be the environment that we'll be using from this point onwards. And when you run a Python script, whereas before you might have typed Python and then something, what you're going to type now is you've run and then that same thing and that automatically makes sure that it runs in that environment. The other thing to mention is that it has installed a dedicated version of Python, right? For this project. It is in fact a Python version 3.1. Uh, whilst the latest version of Python is 3.13. That's not yet not. Not all data science packages are ready for that yet. So 3.1 is what we're using and everything will be in that Python. It will have installed it for you if you didn't already have it, and it will be dedicated for this project. UV is really good. It combines this kind of isolated environment with something that is fast and simple, and I very much hope that this will have simply worked for you. And that means that step three is done and we can move on to step four. So for step four, we're going to set up a key with OpenAI. Now again I want to emphasize that whilst I do encourage you to be setting up a key with OpenAI and to be using that API, it is not required for this project for this course. And there are alternatives in the Readme, but that's what we're going to do now. I'm going to assume that you are good for this and that we can come in. And so you go to platform dot Openai.com just here like that. And this brings you to the front screen of OpenAI where you get to set up an account. If you don't have one already, sign up or log in if you have one. And I'm going to log in because I already have one. Log in with my Google credentials. And here we have my account. We're logged in and you will hopefully have done the same. Let me make this nice and big for you. Okay. So there are now two things that we have to do now that we're in OpenAI. And we're going to go and do both of them now bearing in mind this is not required, you can also do the same thing, this analogous website for deep seek and for many others, you could be setting up your keys in any of them and just follow the same kind of process. But let's get to that now. So as I say, it's two steps. The first of them is to go to the settings menu up here and come down to billing. And this is where you set up your billing details. Now you have to apply a credit balance giving OpenAI some money in advance. And I've given it quite a lot of money right here because I'm doing various different things and you do not need to give it that much money by any means. There is a minimum top up. They require at least $5 as of right now, but they are. They sometimes have deals. There's something going on down here that you could read about. Perhaps there's some some deal for free tokens right now, but there's different deals and you can press the Add to credit balance to put in your $5 up front. That's that's, I believe, required right now. And we'll only spend a few dollars of that on this course, and that you have complete flexibility and you can come back and watch to what extent you're spending your credits as we go through. But but I suggest doing that, putting in your $5. But bear in mind, if you don't want to, you don't need to. Once you've done that, you then turn to the API keys. Part of this, which is where you get to see the key that you've set up that you will use for this project. And if you already have a key, then then great, you're in good shape, but I assume you don't, in which case you press this green. Create new secret key. You leave, you give it a name that just doesn't matter. Just for your future reference. And then for projects, be sure to choose default Project and leave it as all permissions and then press Create Secret Key. It's then going to prompt you. It's going to bring up your key that you'll use. And you can copy it into your clipboard. And we're going to paste it in a moment into cursor in a place where we were going to use it. Now here's the thing. Here is a nasty gotcha to be aware of. It's very tempting to take your key and paste it into a useful app, like, like the notepad or something, but there's a trap there you need to be careful of. Some programs, I think, including notepad. If you paste in some text and then press enter, it changes some of the characters in that text to be nicer, formatted like it turns hyphens into long hyphens, and that can be really hard to spot. And that will then basically invalidate your key. Your key will now be a different set of letters or characters, and when you try and use that in your file, it's going to fail and it's going to be almost impossible to track it down because it's going to look perfect. And it's really frustrating. And a lot of people have had that problem. So I urge you just to copy it into the clipboard and paste it straight into cursor in the next step. And it is good to to keep a copy of it somewhere. Just be really careful to make sure you do it in a way that doesn't overwrite your characters, so that you're keeping the original and and it feels in good shape. So there is my, uh, public service announcement about about things to watch out for with keys. But hopefully you've set up your key, you've copied it to the clipboard, you've maybe made a backup somewhere safe. And now we're ready for the next part. And this is step five of the environment set up. And it's the last step. We're almost completely done. We're back in cursor again looking at cursor. And I'm just going to I'm going to press an X here to get rid of that screen. I'm going to press an X to get rid of my terminal. So we're looking at a nice clean page here. now. Down here in the explorer. I've collapsed all these folders. I'm going to right click and say new file at the bottom here. And I'm going to create a new file. And I'm going to give it a very precise name. And you have to give it exactly the same name. If you get this wrong by a single character, then you're going to have problems later. So so be careful with this one. It starts with a dot, the period, a full stop, and then the letters E, dot, E, env. And it's got to be called exactly that. And you'll see why later. But basically this this is a file which is often used to store environment variables, things that will load into our environment as variables that we'll use for things like passwords and tokens and keys. And it doesn't get checked into GitHub. So it stays as a private file just for you. And it's a common technique for managing these kinds of things. And it's called dot env. And it has to be called exactly that. So what we can now do is type into here a key that we want to to remember. And in particular the one that we want to remember is OpenAI's key. And it's it's OpenAI underscore API underscore key. And it's actually prompting me right here for it because cursor is that clever and knows what we're trying to do. And we can just press Tab to fill it all the way in. But I'm not going to do that. I am going to type OpenAI API key equals no quote marks, no spaces, no spaces before or after and people. One common mistake is that sometimes people say open API key or OpenAI key, but it's not that it's OpenAI API key. And it's got to be exactly this. I think this is one of the only things in this course where every letter needs to be right. And so be careful. This is like 90% of the reason that people are frustrated in environment setup. Is this this very file. All right. What comes next is you simply paste in here exactly the key that came from OpenAI. And it should begin ESC dash proj dash, and then a bunch of letters and numbers with maybe an underscore symbol as well. And that should all come there. A bunch of them, not 123456780 as it has here in cursor, but a real key and not SK proj, and then another SK proj or anything like that that some people have done. It's got to be just right. Sorry to go on about it, but this is such a cause of problems. So so make sure that that key, the thing that's showing in purple here, is exactly the key that you took from open AI. And it should look perfect. And once you've done that you do command S to save this file. And you'll be in great shape. And at that point that will then be the end of step five of the environment setup. We will have done environment setup and we're good to get into the to the actual project. How about that. So congratulations. Thank you. Hopefully this is now all going to work. We'll soon find out. I will see you in the next lecture when we reconvene with team PC.