Well, if you're watching this video, then you weren't entirely put off by the grueling day one and you've come back for more. For day two. Welcome back. So this is going to be an interesting day. It's going to be different to day one. It's going to be shorter than day one. You'll be happy to hear. But also it's going to be pure theory. We're going to be talking about agents and agent architecture. Almost all of the days on this entire six weeks program are very practical, heavy. This is one of the rare days that is going to be a theory day, but it's going to be interesting. It's going to be really great. I'm going to tell you all about Agentic architecture. Let's get to it. So where better place to start than with the almost obligatory what is an agent? Kind of question. And the interesting thing is that there's not actually a great answer to that. Agent guy is one of these things that's been super hyped and generated a lot of excitement, and people are using the term to mean a lot of different things. And in fact, there was a meme going around last year about how agent Guy could mean almost anything. But having said that, typically there is one simple definition, and actually the definition that I'm pulling has come from hugging face. They're small agents project where they give a really nice, crisp, simple definition, and they say AI agents are programs where LLM outputs control the workflow. So basically one one output from LLM is able to decide what tasks are carried out in what sequence. So that is a good crisp definition. It's something for you to keep in mind. And it applies in some situations and not in others. More generally though, you will find that there are different hallmarks of what makes something an AI solution, and people will often use the term agentic AI or agents, if any one of these five hallmarks are met. So first of all, sometimes any solution that involves multiple LLM calls could be called Agentic I and, you know, a bit like the one that we just built in day one that could be called Agentic I. Now, this one LMS with the ability to use tools, that's often what people think of as the kind of litmus test for whether something is agentic. If you remember when we looked at the N810 idea and the very first, at the beginning of the first lecture, when I had it turn on the lights that I was wearing, that was an example of tool use. And we're going to be talking a lot more about tool use. So that's a that's obviously a hallmark quality as well. Another is when you have an environment set up which allows different LMS to send information to each other, a kind of coordination orchestration environment. That in itself for some people defines a gender I sometimes it's when you have a planner, some process that's able to coordinate activities and that that itself is an LM, that is and that's quite, quite similar to the text in blue that that for some people is the hallmark of agentic AI. But for some people, for a lot of people, there's this word autonomy, and that really captures the essence of agentic AI. And this word is saying that we are giving some ability to an LLM to control what order things happen in, or what happens to sort of choose its own adventure in some way. And giving it that autonomy, giving it, if you will. That agency is one of the ways to define agentic AI. And in some ways, that sounds kind of spooky. Like, like what does it mean to have an LLM, a statistical language model that is autonomous? And to be honest, it's just sort of fancy use of language in many ways. You could argue that exactly. The project that we just did, the challenge that I set you to have an LLM come up with a business sector that would then be analyzed for pain points. In some ways, it was showing autonomy there because it was able to choose what business sector to use. And even more straightforward was when we asked for a question, and then we had to answer the question. It had a level of autonomy. So you can see how any time when we're giving an LLM the opportunity to decide how we will carry out future actions, you could think of that as giving it autonomy and that being a way to describe Agentic AI. And just to go one level deeper, anthropic wrote this brilliant post that's called Building Effective Agents, and I will refer back to that many times because I think it's just so clear and well written. And in that that particular paper or that that blog post, they distinguish two types of what they call agentic system. So that's this is their terminology. But they would say that there are, there's this umbrella term agentic system. And under that umbrella term there are two different categories. And one category is called workflows. And these as it says, are systems where models and tools are orchestrated through predefined paths and they delineate between that and something called agents. And agents are where models dynamically direct their own processes and tools, maintaining the control over how tasks get accomplished. So these are the two different sort of subfields under a genetic system. There are workflows and there are agents. And you can see they're sort of hinting that perhaps the things that a lot of people call agents are in fact workflows. So they're drawing that distinction, but they do still describe the whole thing as being a genetic systems. So it's a bit of wordplay there. Does that mean that workflows are agentic or not? I guess I guess they are. But you can see there's some ambiguity in the terminology. But I do think this is a helpful framework for distinguishing between these two worlds. And we're now going to go deeper. We're going to look at each of these and look at some common design patterns. And this should hopefully start to bring things to life and show you about how we can apply this kind of thinking to actual projects.