Next we're going to peel back the onion a little bit more on workflows. Looking at different types of workflow, anthropic identifies five different design patterns that you'll find when building a genetic systems that have workflows in them. And let's go through each of them and talk about them. This is the first one. They call it prompt chaining. And it's a simple one. What you're seeing here in this diagram obviously the in and the out on the left and the right is the beginning and the end of the workflow. The yellow boxes represent calls to models to Llms. And the blue boxes is where you potentially have just some code that you've written, some some software and it's optional. And what you'll see there is that this is simply saying you could have an LLM carry out some task and then potentially based on some code, you could then pass that to a second LLM and that output could go to a third LLM. And that could be the conclusion. And actually this is really similar to what you just did. This is similar to that commercial question. When we ask an LLM first pick a sector. And then given that sector pick a pain point and then pick a solution. And obviously it doesn't need to be three LMS. It can be as many as you want, but this is the idea. You are chaining a series of LM calls decomposing into a fixed set of subtasks. And the reason you might want to do that is because you can take care to frame each LM call very precisely to get the the best, the most effective LM response based on that prompt. So it allows you to to really work on each of those tasks being very effective. And then keep your whole process, your workflow on guardrails by taking it step by step through a sequence of well-defined tasks. Now I want to make a point that you might have already thought of. Whilst anthropic is quite clear to define this as a workflow and not an agent pattern, it is perfectly possible for prompt chaining workflow like this to be giving the LM some discretion on what activities happen, because just as we did in our example, the first call to the LM might come up with a topic, and it's that topic that gets worked on by LMS two and three. So in some ways, the way that anthropic distinguishes between workflows and agents, it's a little bit artificial. There is definitely a blurred line between them. It's perfectly possible for there to be an element of autonomy about a workflow pattern like this. Onwards. The second design pattern is called routing, and this is where an input comes in. And an LLM has the task of deciding which of multiple possible models are selected to carry out this function. And the idea is that you might have specialist models in here. They're shown by LLM one, two and three. And they're each good at different tasks. And the router's job is to classify the task, understand which of the specialists will be best equipped to tackle this task. And it allows for, as I say here, separation of concerns for being able to have different LMS that have different levels of expertise and have them and have an LLM decide how to route to those experts. So this is a powerful model. It's very common. And it's something which again, I would say I would argue there is some it's a bit artificial to say that there's no autonomy here, because clearly that router is able to make some decisions, albeit on guardrails. Again, it still has to follow a given workflow. And on to the third design pattern. Parallelization, which is at first blush, might look quite similar to what we just talked about. But there is a lot in common with these design patterns. But the idea here is that you have. Remember, the blue boxes represent code R code, not an LM. So we write some code that takes a task and breaks it down into multiple pieces that should all run in parallel. So in the previous design pattern it was an LM doing the routing. And it was one of these three experts that was given the task in this design pattern. It's code. It's let's say Python code that's deciding what to do or how to coordinate. And in parallel, it's being sent to three llms to carry out three different activities concurrently. And then there's more code. Maybe it's Python code that takes those answers and stitches them together. And actually, anthropic makes the point that these tasks don't necessarily need to be different tasks. You could imagine a situation where you send the same task and have it be done three times, and you use the aggregator, perhaps to take the average or something like that. So there are various situations where this might be the same thing that you're doing three times doesn't need to be different, but I think most commonly it's when there are multiple subtasks happening concurrently. That is the parallelization. It's hard to say of the design patterns. Okay. And now this one orchestrator worker. This is when a difficult, challenging task is broken down and recombined. And you might be thinking, hang on, isn't that just what we just did? I just flick between them. Don't these two slides, these two design patterns are really similar? Well, you'll notice a subtle color change along with the change in terminology. The key point is that this is exactly like the prior design pattern, except it's no longer code that's doing the orchestration. It's an LLM. So you are using a model to break down a complex task into smaller steps, and then you are using a model to combine the results. And so this is a much more dynamic kind of system where the orchestrator can choose how to divvy up the task. And again, I would argue that it's quite artificial to categorize this as a workflow rather than an agent pattern that we'll look at in a minute, because clearly that orchestrator has discretion over how it divvies up the tasks, and it could choose how many different llms get assigned the activity. So saying that this is just a fixed workflow is perhaps a stretch. So, you know, I think you get the overall idea. There's certainly more constraints on this than when we come to the more flexible agent flows. But but generally the idea here LLM breaks down the task Llms carry out each expert task, LM synthesizes the task for an output that is pattern for the orchestrator worker. And now on to pattern five. The final workflow pattern and the one that I use most commonly. This is one that I come against all the time, and it's called an evaluator optimizer by anthropic. I tend to call them just evaluators or validation validation agents. You hear that a lot, but the idea is it's very simple. You have an LM that's doing your job. Let's call it the LM generator. It's it's doing something. And it comes up with a solution shown in this white arrow here. And you have a second LM that's playing the role of evaluator. It's there to check the work of the first LM. And it's given any extra information, any context, everything to, to arm itself to, to not be trying to generate content, but check the work of a prior LM. And based on that it can choose to either accept or reject the work. If it accepts it, then that's it goes to the output. If it rejects it. It should come up with a reason. And the rejection and the reason goes back to the LM generator. And that can then choose to come up with another solution which comes back here. And so you can see this, this sort of feedback loop setup. It's very powerful. Of course, one of the key concerns of building production systems with LMS is about accuracy, predictability, robustness of the responses and having validation agents. Having these kinds of evaluator optimizer flows in your LMS solutions is a really powerful way to increase the accuracy and build more guarantees. There's never full guarantees with LMS, but build a higher level of guarantee around the quality of the final output. So this is a really effective pattern. I use it all the time, and of course we'll have plenty of examples on the course, and you should be able to think about how you could apply this to LM solutions in your day jobs right away.