So here we are, back in cursor. A great place to be. So on the left is our directory structure. I open up the foundations folder and I'm going to go to lab two which is what we're doing right now. Welcome to the second lab week one. Day three. We're going to work with a lot of models. Now let me start with just some quick points. First of all, I want to mention that the way that I like to do this, the way that that I collaborate with you may be different to some other courses that you've taken. And it's something that is a bit controversial. Some people like it, some people don't like it, and I hope that you'll get used to it. Typically, I don't like to just sit here typing code because I feel like that slows down the momentum. Rather, I look at cells, I explain what they do, I run them, I inspect them, I print them, and that's what I recommend you do as well. Watch while I go through this and explain it, and then come back afterwards and run it yourself. And then add in print statements. Change things. Experiment. It's all about experimentation and that's what you should be doing. So for people that would prefer it if I, if I sat here typing, I'm sorry, I will try and do it from time to time. I'm going to do it right here. I will do it occasionally, but most of the time I'm going to explain what I'm doing and I hope you'll get used to that. And you'll see that there are pros and cons of everything, but that's the way I like to do it. Now, one thing I will really, really encourage you is written here that that once you've gone through this and made some changes, done the exercises, perhaps it would be fabulous if you were willing to save your changes in the folder called Community Contributions and raise a PR or a pull request for me to merge that into the repo so that other students get to benefit from this as well. To my great joy for my other course, there have been hundreds of PRS. There are tons of examples from people like you taking the course and submitting what they do with all sorts of fun and interesting examples, and it's been a real joy to see. And it's also been valuable for other students to experiment with, with people's contributions. So it's a fabulous thing to do. I really encourage it. In addition to that, something which is a good career thing to try is it's good if you have your own GitHub repo, and as you work on different projects, put some of your own stuff there as well. Showcase the work that you're doing. And if you put a post on LinkedIn to talk about some of the projects that you've worked on or some of the things you've done or what you've learned from it, and you tag me on it so that I get a notification in LinkedIn. Then when I see that, I'll come in and I'll weigh in and I'll make sure that I post something there as well. And that amplifies what you're doing. It means that it goes out to all the other people I'm connected with on this course, and people can then weigh in with their thoughts too. And it helps to draw attention to this, the skills you're acquiring, your expertise and your examples. And that's the kind of thing that that might attract the attention, perhaps, of a future client of yours, someone that might contact you for some business and potentially even a future employer as well. So it's a great thing to do. I strongly encourage it, and I'll be here to amplify the work that you do. Okay, let's get on with it. So it begins, of course, with some inputs and I press shift Enter to run these inputs. Be sure to run the inputs or you will get name errors. Okay. So always remember to do this as the comment what is that. Well it is of course doing a load to bring in the environment variables. And you remember that I like to have override is true to avoid any existing environment variables taking priority. So that has happened. So now that that's run, what we should find is that we've got a bunch of environment variables. Now I've been I've been quite greedy and I've set up a bunch of different APIs. And I don't expect you to do the same, but should you wish to, here are all of the APIs that you could set up. And I have done so and I have enjoyed it. Open AI, anthropic, Google's Gemini, Deep Seek, and grok. It's worth mentioning grok as when I did it at least doesn't have like an upfront a minimum. You only pay for what you use and it's really cheap, so this is a good one to try. Deep seek has a $2 upfront. At least it did for me. And then you draw down against that $2 and I haven't been able to spend $2. Gemini is free for within certain tiering. And anthropic and OpenAI both require an upfront, which I believe is $5 in the US for both. Although OpenAI appears to have a new deal right now, which I don't know how long that will last for, but you could always go and check it out. So this code here will load in the environment variables and just check that these keys look right if you're using them. And when I run this it gets this print here. And you can see that I've got keys that look like they should look or with the right kinds of prefixes. And if you run this cell and you haven't set up some of these keys, you'll get you'll get some sort of not set. But don't worry about that. Just don't don't call that particular model okay. And now to get started, we're going to make a bunch of different calls to LMS. And there's two objectives for this. One of them is just to show you the different kinds of API's, the different style of messaging that we have with with different LMS. So you get a sense of it, because we'll be talking to lots of LMS over the next few weeks, and the other is to do some orchestration between models. A few of the design patterns that we talked about last time to see how that works out. So the first thing we're going to do here is we have a question. We're going to have a request. Please come up with a challenging, nuanced question that I can ask a number of LMS to evaluate their intelligence. Please answer only with the question. No explanation. So that's going in a variable called request and into a variable called messages. We're going to have this standard OpenAI construct role is user. The content is going to be this request that we have right here. So in fact what I'm going to do is I'm going to add another code cell here. Let's run this. And I'm just going to print messages. Just so you see this, just in case it's not completely clear to you. It's a list of dictionaries role user content. And there's the content. Now, people who've been on my prior course or generally know about these things might be wondering why there isn't a system message. Well, we often do do talk about the need for a system message and a user message, but system messages are optional. You don't need one, particularly if it is a kind of standard. You are a helpful assistant then. Then you don't need to say it. It will work perfectly well without it, as you will see. Let's give it a try. We're going to to use the same API structure that we did last time that hopefully most of you are pretty familiar with, and that cursor will just fill in for you if you start typing this. Anyway, we create a new instance of the OpenAI Python client library and we call OpenAI create. We pass in the model, we're going to use the cheap GPT four mini. We pass in this list of dicts, and we get back and we ask for the choices zero message content, and we'll print it, and we're putting it in a variable called question. Let's see what we get. So how would you analyze the ethical implications of using AI in predictive policing? Wow. Considering factors such as bias, accountability and societal impact that is a good question. Goodness. Wow. Okay, that's a hard question for sure. This is going to be an interesting challenge. We will see what happens next okay. So what I'm going to do next is I'm going to first set up an empty list called Competitors List that we will be filling up with different names of competitors. And I'm then going to have another list which I'm going to call answers. And that's going to be where we will fill up different answers from different llms answering this question. and then we will put together the, the messages that we're going to to, to say to them. And I love the way Castor does this, but this is exactly what we want. We want a list of Dick's role is user. The content will be this question, the exact question that GPT four mini just asked us. Okay, we're now going to go through and I need to remember to run that cell. We'll run that cell and we will go through and ask some models. And why not start with the same model that came up with the question? We will start by asking GPT four or mini its own question. So this is what we do. We're going to have a variable model name which we will put GPT four or mini in. And then we will say response is OpenAI create that standard API. We pass in the model name. We pass in the messages that we've got right here. And then we take back the answer choice is zero message content. We will print that answer. Let's do better than than print it. Let's use markdown instead. So we'll say display markdown answer so that we get to see it in a nice format. Because, you know, these models love to respond in markdown. And then we will add GPT four or mini to our competitors. And we will add that answer to our list of answers. Sound good? Let's give this a try. So it's running while it's running. Take a look. And and whilst you should never need to memorize these APIs because it will always fill it in for you, it's good to have an instinct for what this API looks like. The chat completions API. All right, so here came the response. It was of course in beautiful markdown. And you can see it's a I am not going to read it through now. Live with you. But it looks like it's a pretty robust answer that has good categories and a bunch of different sections and a conclusion. The ethical implications are complex and multifaceted. Okay. Fair enough. That's good. That's GPT four mini. We will now move on to another API.