Okay, so it's time to evaluate who did best and what better way to evaluate who did what best than to use an LM for this task. It would be tedious to have to read through all of these and decide. First, let's just understand where we are. So we had two lists. One was called competitors and one was called answers. I love the way cursor does that. And so we can just print them out and we'll see that we've got these two lists. There they are. These are our competitors. I hope you recognize them. And these are their answers. So one one thing that's nice to do right now, it would be sort of nicer to be able to pair these up and say which one is which. There's a really useful Python function called called zip that is worth knowing about. It's like a pro thing to use, and you can iterate through these two collections together like this I can say for look haha, what am I doing here? I just press tab. You can say for competitor and answer. Those are the two we want to be iterating through competitors and answers in. And if you say zip competitors answers, then it will just iterate through through these two lists together. And competitor and answer will have each one. And it's written all the code. For me, that's exactly what I wanted to do. So if I do this now, you'll see that it's printing each competitor and its answer one after another. Very nice. Okay, but let's bring it together into one string called together. And I also wanted to show another construct here called enumerate. If you have a list like answers, a list of things and you want to iterate through them, but you also want to track the index number as you do, you probably like people that don't know about enumerate often have a kind of count equal zero. Count plus equals one in your loop. Not needed. Enumerate is a nice little trick you can say for index, comma, answer in enumerate answers, and then you will just step through. And so we will say response from competitor. And we're going to add one to the index so that the first one is is competitor number one rather than competitor number zero, which just doesn't sound as nice. So we run that and then uh, why don't I just just show you what that looks like? But I'm sure you believe me. It looks like this. And if I print it, we'll see it looking a bit more pleasant than that. Here you go. So you can see response. Oh, look at that. There's a mistake. Just as well. I did print it, isn't it? That's the benefit of printing these things. You do that, then you get to see, uh, see what's going on. Wow. Okay. I hope you you caught that. That's embarrassing. But I think I'll keep it. So you get to see that, uh, that not only can one make mistakes, but this gives you a great way to inspect what's going on and see what's happening. So when I print that now, we see response from competitor one. And presumably down below it will have response from competitor two. All right. So now we're going to have a new bit of text. You are judging a competition between that many competitors. Each model has been given this question. Your job is to evaluate each response. And there is the. We say we want you to respond in JSON and only in JSON and follow this format a JSON with results and then a competitor number, a second best competitor number, third best competitor number, and so on. And here are results from the competitors. And now respond with the JSON with the ranked order of the competitors. Nothing else. Do not include number formatting or code blocks. So just a few things to point out about this. First of all, you may not be familiar with the triple quotes. If you used triple quotes in a Python string, you get to have an entire block of text without needing lots of quote marks and pluses and things. So this is a nice trick for a block of text. It's also, of course used for for for docstrings, so I'm sure you have come across it before. Another thing to know is that I've sort of assumed you're familiar with f strings before, but one nice trick to know is that if you actually want to have a curly brace within your string, then you can do that by having two curly braces in an F string. So that's why there are two curly braces here, because we actually want one curly brace to appear in the string itself. We're not. We don't want we don't want this to be interpreted as code. All right. So with that, if I print this to to show you what on earth I'm prattling away about, what you should see is you're judging a competition between six competitors. Each model has been given this question. Your job is to evaluate. Here is the how to give us the results. And here are the responses from each. And there you see it in there I'm also going to mention you see at the end here I say do not include markdown formatting or code blocks. It's always worth doing that. Otherwise these models love to add in a little extra JSON tag around things. So if you use this text then you make sure you get pure JSON back. Okay, so now that we've got this all set up, we're going to put this into messages. And then we're going to call an LM and get our results. Let's do that. Okay. It's judgment time. So we're going to put this judge text into a messages list as usual with the normal structure. And now let's choose a judge. So I'm picking O3 mini a little bit pricier I think than some of the others. So they should check the vellum leaderboard. And you may want to just go with a with a cheap one. Like like like using GPT four or mini. I'm going to go with O3 mini because we're going to try and have something that really pays attention to this. Now, I realized the first competitor in the list is GPT four mini, and so it's a bit -- that some of the same OpenAI models are judging themselves. And it'll be interesting to see whether it thinks that the model from its own family is the winner, and we're not telling it the model names, we're only giving it a rank number, so it's not going to know. So we'll see how number one fares. Actually, the number one's answer did look really good. So it might do very well. We will see. But we're letting O3 mini make the call. Let's see how it does. Off it goes. It's thinking about it. It's taking its time. It's doing some reasoning. And here's the answer. So it doesn't put the uh GPT four mini at the top. It puts model number three. And you probably remember AI model number two was uh, was anthropic model number three, I forget. Was it deep league? We'll soon find out. So we are now going to, uh, load this, which has come back in perfect JSON just as we wanted. We're going to load it into a dictionary. We're going to pluck out results. So now we're going to have this. We're going to iterate through it using again this enumerate approach. For each one we're going to look at this string And subtract one and look it up in the competitors list and print the results. So if you're following me, this is just going to print out from best to worst the names of the models in our results. Drum roll please. Here we go. So it was Gemini two zero flash. That is our winner. And GPT four mini came second. Llama 3.3 came third and then Deep Seek and then Claude 3.7. But bottom of the list was the flailing llama 3.2. That kind of gave up halfway. So there are the unscientific results of our judgment. Of course, it will be great fun for you to try this in a more scientific way. For example, you could have each of the different competitors come up with the rankings and then use that to take averages. That kind of thing would be rather more interesting way of assessing it than just simply going with whatever oh three mini tells us. So anyway, this was a really interesting experiment designed to show you how you can collaborate between LMS. So hopefully you were paying attention during this and the last lecture, and you've been able to identify which agentic workflow patterns were used in this example. Pattern or patterns? There might be a couple. If you're not sure, then go back through it and have a think and look back at the diagrams. And it might be some sort of hybrid or mish mash between a couple of them and the exercise for you. First of all, do that. And then secondly, please pick one of the patterns that interests you and add that to this mix. The goal of this lab was was twofold. First of all, to experiment with different APIs and see for yourself how the OpenAI API is used so frequently across many models, except anthropic, and also to experiment with with the sort of the basic API structure and the prompts. And the second goal was to experiment with this orchestration between models, asking a question, having multiple models answer, getting another model to assess the output all this stuff is about interactions between models, dividing up a bigger problem into smaller problems, and a little bit of autonomy in terms of coming up with whatever question the first model wished to. So the, uh, yeah, add another agentic design pattern. I'd love to see it. And then once you've done that, consider doing a PR and putting it in community contributions. There'll be instructions in the resources on how to do that. It's a good tip is to note to delete outputs of your notebook before you do it. So there's not lots of junk in there. And be sure that you're only pushing things in that community contributions folder. There'll be instructions. It'll be fabulous to see what you're doing, and to see some interesting design patterns added in to this kind of exercise. And then final thought for this lab is about commercial implications. I do want to always bring it back to how you can, how you can think about this in a commercial setting. And to be honest, I it's hard to be specific here because this is so universally applicable. Really, any time that you have something that you want to to generate something, you want an LM to take care of these kinds of patterns. Being able to send the same request to multiple LMS, being able to then evaluate responses and either select the best or perhaps select a couple of best ones, or use that to give feedback. All these kinds of patterns are used to increase the robustness and the accuracy of models, and to be able to solve harder and harder problems. So really this is, as I say, universally applicable. So you should be able to pick whatever commercial problem you can think of that you're applying AI to, whether it's a summarization kind of problem or a generative problem, writing an email, building a document, writing a business requirements document. And you can think of how you could apply these kinds of techniques. Sending the request to multiple models. Voting on the best outcome. This is something that you should be able to apply to your projects right away.