Now I want to talk about resources. So resources are a way that you can get more out of your agents, that you can equip your agents to be able to solve your problems better, along with tools that will come to you in a second. And resources is really just a fancy way of saying that you can improve the effectiveness of an LM by providing it with more context, more information to improve its expertise. And the way that you do that is just grab some relevant data to the question and shove it in the prompt. So it's just a matter of saying, like, if this is going to be a question that's going to be particularly, we're going to prompt the LM to ask something about the company that we work at. Maybe it's to be a flight airline, uh, customer support agent. We could shove into the prompt all the information about ticket prices. And then when it's answering a question, it would be able to refer to any of that information as part of giving its answer. That would be an example of a resource. And so it's nothing more fancy than just saying we can just put extra context, extra information in the prompt. We send an LM and think of that as a resource. We're providing the LLM. And when I say it's nothing more fancy than that, there is a bit more fancy than that. You can use clever techniques that will allow you to rather than just shoving all the ticket prices, just put the ticket prices relevant to that question. So coming up with clever tricks for ways to figuring out the best, most relevant context tricks perhaps that can even use other llms to help with that. That is all part of the the whole field. That's called rag retrieval. Augmented generation. That's about retrieving relevant context. It is, of course, a super hot topic. It's covered on my other course. It's not relevant for this course particularly, but it's very interesting. But that whole side of things, figuring out how to pick relevant extra resource information to put in the prompt falls under the the heading of resources. And we'll be doing some of that today. And with that, let's turn to the main topic of the day, which is tools. So tools. We've said it a few times now. It's clear that this is really at the heart of a gigantic AI Tools is when you give an LLM the power to do something, to use a tool, and it's really can use that tool at its discretion. And so it's one of the, the, the, the key tricks to giving an LLM some autonomy. So what does this actually mean. So we're going to give an LLM the the power the ability to carry out different different actions like do a SQL query of a database or send a message to another LLM to do something. So the first time that you heard about this, if you've if you've heard about tools and function calling, it might sound like it's kind of crazy. It's kind of it's sort of creepy. We're going to be interacting with open AI on a cloud, and we're going to say, hey, you have a tool you can use, you can query my database, and it's going to be able to like, connect back to my computer and query the database as part of giving its response. That's what tools are all about. And it's like, okay, how exactly is it going to do that? Like that sounds crazy. Well, the truth is actually rather more mundane. And people that know about tools know this already, but it's sadly it has a sense of being very magical. But the reality is a bit of a conjuring trick, as I will now show you. So in theory, what's going on with tool calling? We've written some code. Our code is sending a prompt to an LLM to like OpenAI, like GPT four or mini running on the cloud, and that LLM is being given the ability to execute a tool of some sort, which might be a SQL query, it might be a calculator, it might be a tool which turns on and off the lights that are stringing around me from the first episode. So that's the kind of thing that it's able to do. And based on that, it will give its response. So this is it. In theory, the practice has just one tiny deviation from this, but it reveals everything. This is what actually happens. You prompt the LLM and you say, you know, I want to turn on my lights or whatever. And you say, but I would like you to tell me. If you want me to take care of a few actions that I can do on your behalf, and one of them is called turn on the lights. And if you reply turn on the lights, then I will do that and I will get back to you with I turned on the lights. So basically in the prompt to the LM, you just list out everything that it's able to to ask for, and you tell it to respond in JSON. And in that JSON response it should say what it wants to do. Now the tool calling code sort of packages all that away from me. So you don't need to worry about the fact that it's being called and responding in JSON. But that's what's really happening. It's all that's happening. It's really just clever stuff about getting JSON back from the LM if it wants you to do something. And at the end of the day, you have to write an if statement in your code. You can be fancier than an if statement, but it's like an if statement. That's like, if the LM wants to do X, then do X, and then call the LM a second time with the results. And so that's that's what it comes down to, asking the LM if it wants to run a tool and if so, then running the tool. So if you knew that already, then I'm just emphasizing what you already know. If you didn't know it, it might be a kind of aha moment when you realize that that that actually it's not that, that that clever. It's, it's pretty pedestrian, but it works and it works really well. And just to show you, just to make this concrete for you. Check this out. Look at this conversation that I had with GPT four. I said you're a support agent for an airline. You answer users questions. You have the ability to query ticket prices. Just respond. Use tool to fetch ticket price for London, to retrieve the ticket price for London, or for a city that you name. Here's the user question a user. I'd like to go to Paris. How much is a flight? And look at what ChatGPT replies. Use tool to fetch ticket price for Paris. That's all there is to it. You write code that prompts a bit like this. You get back, use tool to fetch ticket price for Paris, and then you send the question a second time, but with the answer to that included in the question. And you've just seen tool use in action. So the way that we can interpret this, of course, is to say that we are giving ChatGPT the autonomy to decide that it wants to make use of this tool should it wish to. And that's all sounds very mystical and and powerful, but at the end of the day it's JSON and if statements. That's how it works. Okay, so with that it's now time to go back to the lab. But I have bad news. We're not actually going to do a tool today. Even though we've just been talking about tools. We are going to be using resources. So we are going to tie to that. And in the next lab tomorrow we are going to actually use tools. So for now I want you to put on hold that thinking about tool use and if statements because we will come to that. But for now we're going to be building something with resources and it's going to be fun and it's going to set things up for the tool use that will come next time. I'll see you in the lab.