And here we are back in cursor and I've collapsed all the folders. But I'll go back into the foundations folder and to lab three. Lab three for week one. Day four, which is where we are. So this is where things get interesting. So I have a directory called me in in within foundations and within me I've put some files. One of them is called LinkedIn. And LinkedIn is uh I see it's not I don't think I can open it in here. I imagine this doesn't like being a PDF. Nope. So you you will have to take my word for it. What this is, is a PDF version of my LinkedIn profile. And you can just get that from within LinkedIn. You can go into LinkedIn and and click on on one of the dot dot dot ellipsis menus and download your profile as a PDF. And that's what I did. And I've put it right here as LinkedIn PDF. And I've also got a summary text which is just called summary txt. And it's just two sentences about me. And those two things are in me. And the to do for you as you do this lab is to replace these documents with something about you. The LinkedIn should be your LinkedIn PDF profile or a PDF of your resume or anything like that. The summary put some stuff about you and include some extra some fun stuff. A fun fact about you, something that you would like to people to know about you and all will become clear. Don't worry, it's not going to go anywhere without your control. But this will hopefully become clear very soon. All right. So if we go back to the lab. So as I said, we're not going to actually use tools just yet. Even though we've been talking about them. Tools is going to come tomorrow. We're going to lay the groundwork. Okay. So I'm now going to import a few packages load of you know well but an open eye, you know. Well, but PDF pypdf2 and gradio you might not know gradio prior students of mine will know well because you know that I am super. I adore Gradio, I am passionate about this, this this platform. I am a horrible front end engineer and gradio is something that can make beautiful front ends. Even for someone terrible like me. It's really great. It's a way to build data science user interfaces very easily indeed. We will do that, but I won't cover it in any detail. Pypdf2 is an example of a popular library for parsing PDF files, and if you want to know more about these, you can simply ask ChatGPT to write you a quick guide on them if you ever want to. To get the right kind of popular resource for doing something, you can just ask Claude or ChatGPT. If you want. You can, you can. The actual place they come from is called PyPI. And this is the the the package index. This is where open source Python packages live. And you can go there and search for different packages, look at their GitHub repos and find out more about them that way as well. All right. But I'm going to import these. And by the way I already set up here on the top right. I had uh, made sure that my virtual environment was set. It's taking a bit of time there. I guess it's a gradio that needs to load in a bunch of things, and it's done 14 seconds to to do all of those imports. I guess a lot was happening. All right. So now we load our env and we initialize the OpenAI client library. So look at this. I now simply create a PDF reader and I point it at the my LinkedIn PDF. And I read in the pages calling page extract text. And I just bring it all together. And that's as simple as that. So so now this LinkedIn variable, let's just print that LinkedIn variable so we can we can see it print LinkedIn and you'll see a whole bunch of stuff about me, and the output is truncated. So you're only seeing a little bit about me. But but there's there's more than you would need to know right there. But since you're surely already connected with me on LinkedIn, you know all this already. Um, then, uh, here I am going to load in the summary text about me. This is needed for PC users sometimes, and if you're not from. Yeah, I'm sure you are familiar with this, but it's covered in the guide. And then I'll set a variable called name to my name. And you should set that to be your name. All right. And now so one thing we didn't talk about before is system prompts and user prompts. And they are fairly commonplace now. So you probably know that we've always been just prompting with a single user prompt up to now. But you can actually specify two different prompts. The system prompt is intended to be more the overall instructions that sets the context for the task at hand, and the format and the way it should be responded to, and then the user prompt is the actual question coming from the user. And in this case, it will be handy for us to separate out these these two concerns. So for the system prompt I'm saying you are acting as name. So this will be me and it will be you. You're answering questions on that person's website, particularly questions related to their career, background, skills and experience. Your responsibility is to represent for interactions on the website as faithfully as possible. You're given a summary of the background in LinkedIn profile, blah blah blah blah blah. It be professional and engaging. So this is about setting the tone, which is a good thing to do in a system prompt. And then if you don't know the answer, say so is very good. Prompting context to give. Okay. So then I'm adding in the summary using that summary variable. And I'm also putting in the LinkedIn profile. And I'm using markdown tags to kind of show this as sort of headings. And then I end with with this context, please chat with the user. Always staying in character as as you. All right. Now the plot thickens. Now you know what? I'm the game I'm playing here. You know what we're doing. Let's run that and let's just print that. So we see what system prompt actually looks like. And here we go. You can see it's just true to form exactly as we were expecting. And it will have within it. Of course the stuff about me and the LinkedIn URL, LinkedIn PDF contents and so on and hopefully yours will have yours. And you should put in some print statements to check it. Make sure you're very comfortable with everything happening so far. So we're about to use Gradio to bring up a user interface that will allow us to chat based on an LLM that's armed with this system prompt. And the way you work with Gradio is you need to write a function which will be like a callback function that Gradio will call back to when it needs to to do some processing, when when a user has typed something in. And the style of this particular callback function is a style where you write a function called chat, which takes a message that the user is typing in, a message being sent, and the history of all prior messages, which comes in OpenAI's format. And what we need to do is call an LLM and return the the next the response from the LLM to go in the chat. So I'll let you look through this to convince yourself that what I'm doing is the right thing. But basically I build an OpenAI style list of dictionaries. I begin with the system prompt role system content and the system prompt. I add in the history from Gradio, and then I bung in this muses message that's just come in right now. I then call OpenAI Dot create for GPT four mini with exactly these messages, and I return the response choices zero message content. So this should all be stuff that's fairly familiar to you. And then using Gradio is beautifully simple. You just call. In this case we want a chat. And so you can call chat interface. We tell it the function that we've written so it knows it can call this as the callback. And we ask it to launch. And when I run that I get an interface like this. And I can say hi there. Hello, welcome to my website. How can I assist you? And so I can say something like, what is your greatest accomplishment? And we'll see what it says. I consider my greatest accomplishment to be the co-founding of Nebula, where we're leveraging generative AI and proprietary Llms to transform how people source and engage talent. Fantastic. And and it's also talking about the company I founded as well. So it's a very legit, very good answer. I think it's probably true, which is always a good thing. And so very nicely handled, let's say. What is a challenge that you encountered and needed to overcome? It's a hard kind of professional question that you might be asked in an interview. Okay. One of the significant challenges I faced during my transition from a successful career at JP Morgan to starting my own company, until this is all very true. I don't know how he got that from my from my LinkedIn profile. I guess it must be somewhere or something. That's that's kind of implied within it. But I mean, it happens to be spot on. So this is a very good answer. And so wonderfully, in the space of just a few minutes, we've built a chat interface and we've used resources to arm it with information about me so that it's able to act as me and be like a professional avatar, an alter ego for me in answering questions about my career.