So this next part is the most important part. It's also probably the most complex. Now you're comfortable with the fact that we are going to be sending this JSON to the LLM and giving it the option to reply when it when it generates its response. It can opt to say that it wants to run one of these tools. It wants to run this tool or it wants to run this tool. So the next thing that we've got to do is write a function which is going to handle what happens when the LLM responds and says, yes, I do want to run this tool. Please run it and provide me with the output. So that is the purpose of this function that I've written right here called handle tool calls. And it's a function which takes a list of tool calls. And it will run them. And it will add the responses to the results that it returns. So it has a loop. It loops through these tool calls. Typically a model will only call one tool at a time. But actually the construct supports multiple tools being run. And so we want to support that here. So so we do that. So we loop through all of the tool calls. We look at this. What's come back in this this tool call. And I should say this is actually it's a structured output. It's JSON coming back from the LM that's been put into an object. And so this is one of the reasons why I said it's very analogous to structured outputs. So back has come this JSON object is in the form of of an object tool calls. And we are going to look at the function name that it's providing back in that response. And we are going to be calling that the tool name. And that is the name of the function it wants to call. And it also provides us with the parameters, the arguments that should be put into that function. And we can we can strip them out like this. And so I'm then just going to print we're calling this tool. And what comes next is an if statement. Just like I promised you. We say if the tool name is record user details. If it wants to to call this tool, then we call the function that's called record user details. And we pass in the arguments. But conversely if the tool is this tool record unknown question right here in the JSON. Then we call the function called record. Unknown question. And we pass in the parameters. And then we add in whatever came back from that function call into the list of messages. And that's what we return. So that is the the extent of the handle tool calls function. And as I told you it's got this if statement. So hopefully this more concrete for you. You see that coming together. And if not come and look through this and and get comfortable with it. Okay. And what I've got next is something a bit sneaky. When you look at this you might think to yourself, this is a bit dumb. We've got this thing that looks for a string and then calls a function with the same name and looks for a different string, and calls a function with the same name. Now we know that Python is full of magic stuff. Isn't there a way in Python to do a sort of reflection thing, and just call that function with the same name as that string? And the answer is yes, of course there is. And this is this is one way of doing it that works in this particular situation. There is this thing called globals which gives you a dictionary which you can use to look up any function which is in the global scope. And so I can use that to look up a function called record. Unknown question. And that will give me the actual function record. Unknown question. And I can then call it like that. This is a really hard question. So if I run this it should send a push notification to my phone. Let's see. Yep, that seemed to work. I see recording this is a really hard question. So that works. Let's do it again. Ah, it makes it worth it. Pinging when I get emails. So, uh. Yeah. There you see that that this trickery works. And of course, that means that I can rewrite the handle tool calls function and do it this way so that now basically there's no more if statement. I've got that cunning piece of logic in there that plucks out the right function and then dynamically calls that function like that. And I can see that it would be better to do this for sure. So, um, yeah, the, the this obviously gives us a workaround to having the if statement that we had before. But I don't want you to think for one minute that that means that this isn't just a glorified if statement, because that's all it is. Sure, we've got some trickery to use a dictionary to look up that has got around having to list things out. But at the end of the day, it's still the same thing. We're just taking some text and we're using that to map to a function name, and we're calling that function. It's a glorified if statement, nothing more. So that's how this works. And I hope that this now gives you a bit of perspective of what's going on. The good news is you're never going to have to do this again after week one, because all of the other frameworks take care of this kind of stuff for you. You don't need to futz around with with plucking out JSON and turning it into function calls. That's exactly what these frameworks did. It's people that wrote stuff like this and thought, you know what? It would be easy just to put this into a nice little framework so that people don't have to worry about this anymore. So you won't have to worry about it anymore after this. But I wanted this to give you a real perspective on how it works, what's going on so that you've got that foundation, and when you actually get to use the frameworks, you know exactly what it's actually doing.