Okay, so here I am within cursor in the terminal in cursor. It's a bit confusing. You can see that's this bottom half of the screen. And I'm in I was originally in the agents directory and I went into the foundations subdirectory. So that's where I am right now. And this is of course the same directory that has app dot pi. And now I type these two words gradio deploy. That's it. So when I run that it's going to create a new spaces repo in um for, for for me. And now we need to give it a title for the app. And we're going to call it career conversation. But I'm going to call it Career Conversations two because I already have a number one. Enter Gradio app file. Well, it's app dot Pi that is our Gradio app file. So we can just press enter to accept it as it is. Enter spaces hardware. So we want CPU, dash basic. That is the simple, cheap, free, not cheap. It's free version of Gradio spaces. You will not have to pay for this. Any spaces secrets. And now we have to say yes, there are spaces. Enter the secret name. So we have to type open AI API key and we have to get this right. If you get it wrong, there is a way to edit it later. But but try and not get it wrong. And now we have to enter the actual value the the OpenAI API key. And I'm of course not going to enter my API key right now. Otherwise all of you guys will see it right away. But I'll put in a fake key. We'll do SQ dash and enter a secret name. There are two more secrets that we need to add. Do you know what they are? They are, of course, the pushover user and whatever that is. And the pushover Token and whatever that is and that is it. And it says enter blank to to end. So I just press enter and that's it. Create a GitHub action to automatically up the space. And the answer is no. So I can just press enter to say no. And that is now running and it's done. The space is available at that URL just like that. So I should now be able to click on that and launch it and see my space in action open. And here it is. It's still building so it takes a minute to build. But luckily my old one is still running over here. So I'm just going to flip over to that. You can see this is the address Huggingface spaces, my user ID and then career conversation. And I can say hi there. And it's thinking about that and it says hello, how can I help you? I'm going to make sure my phone is on noisy so that we can experience this. Do you have a patent? Yes, I hold a patent. I'd love to hear more about the patent. Can I get in touch? Absolutely. Share your email address. I'm at Edward doner.com. Ha, ha. You like that? So there we go. And it's come through very nicely. And I'm happy to say that I've been alerted about my own email address. So hopefully that is clear for you. You now see that. Hang on. If I take this off, hopefully the other one has now deployed as well. Career conversations too. It's right there. There it is as well. So I now have two career conversations. So this this is how you can interact with a deployed app And also, hugging face gives you a great way that you can just embed this in your own website. So I have a number of hugging face spaces that that run on my on my website. Like I've got this this connect four game that you can play against different LMS. And this is just a hugging face space. But if you look it looks like it's just coming from my own personal website. You can do the same thing. The instructions are on the Hugging Face Spaces site, and that way you can have your web page having embedded within it your career conversation where people can come to your website. They can have a virtual conversation with your avatar about your career, about your interests. If they say something that that it doesn't know how to answer, it's going to send you a push notification with the question so that you know it right away. And if they're if they're willing to give their email address, then it's going to notify you with their email address so that you can get in touch. So that is a deployed app that you have running and that you can interact with and use it as your own personal career avatar. So I know this was a lot to take in, but I hope that you found it very satisfying. A real application that you can put to good use. The more information here about how you do that deployment with the instructions and now the exercises for you. And this is the the real end of week one exercises that you need to take seriously because these are important. First and foremost, of course, to state the obvious, you should build this yourself. It's a valuable tool. It's really cool. You should deploy it. It is the future of resumes, an interface you can chat with about yourself. And next, of course, you should improve the resources that are supplied to the chatbot. This is very vanilla, just a LinkedIn profile. You can add much more detail about your background. You can add in lots of of important stuff. And you could answer. You could give answers to all of the typical career y kinds of questions. So you can make sure that you've got a really robust knowledge base of data there. If you know how Rag works, you could implement Rag. You could put in a coma data store. If you've done my LM engineering course, then you know this stuff super well. You could build that in there, and you could have it doing something that has like a bunch of different documents that it's able to to refer to in giving good answers with relevant context. And then you should add in more tools. You could have a tool that can make a SQL query to a database to look at prior questions that can be answered, and a database where it could add in questions that require an answer. So you could have something that's quite interactive where where the LM is able to to add questions to a database and it can text you and then it'll send you a push notification, and then you can come in and add the answers, and it will then provide the answers later to the user. So you could add all of that stuff, which would be really interesting. And then the final exercise for you, of course, is that you may have noticed that whilst in the last lab we built an evaluator. I didn't actually include the evaluator here because it just felt like that was too, too much, too much for one lab. But you should now bring that back. Let's have the evaluator in there to make sure that all of the responses that people give very professional and crisp and do well. So these are all good exercises for you to get involved in. And there's also plenty of user interface stuff you could do to make this nicer. You can make that Gradio app look prettier for sure. If you could just ask ChatGPT to give you some advice on Gradio apps. And if you know how to stream back results again, if you've taken the the other course, then you should add that in of course too. And to wrap this up, I just want to talk about the commercial implications. I always do want to bring it back to that. I mean, the obvious point here is that this is commercially already useful because you can use it for yourself to attract clients and perhaps even future buses. But also you can extend this kind of thinking to any business situation where you are building AI assistants, which is one of the very most common use cases commercially for agentic AI. This ability for it to interact with the real world through tools is what really sets something from being just a vanilla chatbot on a website to being something that is actually commercially valuable. It could be something which doesn't just tell you about ticket prices to travel somewhere, but it can then actually go and interact and book the tickets. That's the kind of that's the leveling up that you get with the use of tools and using structured outputs and providing more resources in the prompt. So this is really the bigger commercial opportunity. Look for ways that you can have this kind of tool enabled AI assistant, and see how that could be applied in your day job.