Welcome back. In this video, I will talk about spark-submit and some important submit options. So let's start. You created your spark application and tested it on your local machine. You are now ready to deploy your application in a test cluster or maybe in a production cluster. How will you do that? We have many ways to submit a Spark application to your cluster. However, the most commonly used method is the spark-submit command-line tool In this video, I will talk about the spark-submit and the most commonly used spark-submit options. So let's start with the following question. What is spark-submit? The spark-submit is a command-line tool that allows you to submit the Spark application to the cluster. Here is a general structure of the spark-submit command. This is a minimalist example with the most commonly used options. So you can use the spark-submit command and pass some configuration options using -- in front of the option name. The second last argument is your application jar or a PySpark script. Finally, you have a command-line argument for your application. The example uses only three configurations, but here is a list of the most commonly used options. The class option is only valid for Java or Scala, and it is not required when you submit a PySpark application. This class option tells the driving class name where you defined your main() method for java and scala. The master option is to tell the cluster manager. If you are using YARN, the value of your master is yarn. But if you want to run your application on the local machine, you should set the master to local. You can also use local[3] to run spark locally with three threads. The deploy mode takes one of the following two configurations. client and cluster Remember You have only two deploy modes. I see people often talking about the local mode. But the local is a master configuration, and it is not a valid deploy mode. I will talk about these two deploy modes in a minute. But before that, let's quickly cover other options. The conf option allows you to set additional spark configurations. For example, you can set spark.executor.memoryOverhead = 0.20 using the --conf. The default value for spark.executor.memoryOverhead is 0.10. I will cover overhead memory configuration in a later video. Now comes the resource allocation options. Spark application runs as one driver and one or more executors. Right? So you can use the driver-cores option to ask for CPU cores for your driver container. Similarly, you can ask RAM for the driver container using the driver-memory option. Then we have three options for executors. The num-executors is to set the required number of executors. And the executor-cores and executor-memory are for the CPU and memory of the executor containers. Let's look at an example. Here it is. And here is an equivalent version of the Scala application. So this example is trying to submit a hello-spark application. That's my Spark application. I will submit and run it in my Hadoop YARN cluster, so the master is yarn. I want this application to run in cluster mode, so the deploy-mode is the cluster. I am requesting YARN RM to allocate a driver container with 2 CPU cores and 8 GB memory. So I defined two driver-cores and 8G driver-memory. I also want the driver to ask YARN RM for four executor containers and start four executors. So I defined num-executors as four. Then I wanted to get 2 CPU cores and 16 GB of memory for each executor container. So I defined executor-cores and executor-memory accordingly. Make sense? Great! So that's how we submit spark applications to the cluster and demand resources. Make sense? Great! That's all for this video See you again Keep learning and keep growing!!