Welcome Back. In this video, I am going to talk about the Spark SQL Engine and Query Planning. So let's start. Apache Spark gives you two prominent interfaces to work with data. Spark SQL and Dataframe API Spark SQL is compliant with ANSI SQL:2003 standard. So you can think of it as standard SQL. Right? Dataframes are function APIs, and they allow you to implement functional programming techniques to process your data. Other than these two, you also have Dataset API available only for Scala and Java. The Dataframe API internally uses Dataset APIs, but these Dataset APIs are not available in PySpark. If you are using Scala or Java, you can directly use Dataset APIs. But Spark recommends using Dataframe APIs and avoid using Dataset. You can do almost everything using Dataframes and might not even see a requirement that forces you to use datasets. The spark certification exam is available in Scala and Python both. But they avoid asking about the features that are different in Scala and Python. For example, the Dataset is not available in PySpark, so they do not ask anything about it in the certification exam. So you can safely ignore it and let me remove the Dataset from the equation for brevity. So you can write spark code using Dataframe APIs, or you can write SQL expressions. Right? Spark looks at your code in terms of jobs. We learned about the Jobs in the earlier video. Right? So if you have a Dataframe API code, Spark will take action and all its preceding transformations to consider it a single Job. Similarly, if you write a SQL expression, Spark considers one SQL expression as one Job. The point is straight. Spark code is nothing but a sequence of Spark Jobs. And each Spark Job represents a logical query plan. This first logical plan is a user-created logical query plan. Correct. Now this plan goes to Spark SQL engine. Remember! You may have Dataframe APIs, or you may have SQL. Both will go to the Spark SQL engine. For Spark, they are nothing but a Spark Job represented as a logical plan. Make sense? Great! The Spark SQL Engine will process your logical plan in four stages. The Analysis stage will parse your code for errors and incorrect names. For example, let's assume your code represents the following SQL. Spark doesn't know if the column is a valid column name and the data type of this column. What it is? So the Spark SQL engine will look into the Catalog to resolve the column name and its data type. For example, assume you have a SQL like this. Then Spark SQL engine might also apply an implicit type casting to the product_qty to perform and validate the addition operation. The point is straight. The Analysis phase will parse your code and create a fully resolved logical plan. You might see an Analysis exception if the column names do not resolve or have some incorrect typecasting, or you used an invalid function name, etc If your code passed the Analysis phase, that means you have a valid code, and you are not using something that Spark doesn't know or cannot resolve. The next stage is logical optimization. The logical optimization phase applies standard rule-based optimizations to the logical plan. Here are some examples of logical optimization. You may not need to learn and understand the meaning and purpose of these logical optimizations for the exam. And the list of such logical optimizations is long and they keep evolving. We do not care what do they include here. All we want to learn is they apply some logical optimizations to our code and create an optimized logical plan. Then this optimized logical plan goes into the next phase of physical planning. Spark SQL takes a logical plan and generates one or more physical plans in the physical planning phase. Physical planning applies cost-based optimization. So the engine will create multiple plans, calculate each plan's cost, and finally select the plan with the least cost. At this stage, they mostly use different join algorithms to create more than one physical plan. For example, they might create one plan using broadcast join and another using Sort merge, and one more using shuffle hash join. Then they apply a cost to each plan and choose the best one. Make sense? Great! The last stage is code generation. So your best physical plan goes into code generation, and the engine will generate Java byte code for the RDD operations in the physical plan. And that's why Spark is also said to act as a compiler because it uses state-of-the-art compiler technology for code generation to speed up execution. And that's pretty much all about the Spark SQL Engine. You might see a variety of questions from this section, and we will explore more about this topic while we practice questions. Make sense? Great! See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.