Welcome Back. So you practiced one set of Spark Architecture questions. Let's look at those questions in detail. I will go through each question and evaluate all the options. We will select the correct answer and also understand why other options are incorrect. In between, I will try to recall your knowledge about Spark Architecture. Make sense? Great! Let's start with the first question. Which of the following statements about the Spark driver is incorrect? So they are talking about the Spark driver. Right? We already know the Spark application runs as one driver and a bunch of executors. The Spark driver runs the main() method of the application and creates Spark Session, which internally creates the SparkContext. And this question wants you to identify an incorrect statement about the driver. Let's look at the first option. The Spark driver is the node in which the Spark application's main method runs to coordinate the Spark application. That looks like a correct statement. Why? Because Spark driver is the application's main method, it runs at only one node in the Spark cluster and coordinates the work across all executors. And we have all the keywords in this answer. The answer talks about the node running the main method and coordinating the application. Right? Great! Let's look at the second option. The Spark driver is horizontally scaled to increase overall processing throughput. That's not correct. Why? Because we can have only one Spark driver for one Spark application, it does not scale horizontally. We will always have only one driver and one or more executors. So we found our answer. Let me mark this one. However, I also want to scan other options to be double sure. Let's look at the third option. The Spark driver contains the SparkContext object. That's a correct statement. We create a Spark Session in our main method, and that always remains in the main method. Spark session is the entry point of a Spark application. But they are talking about Spark Context, not Spark session. Right? So Spark session internally contains the Spark Context. What is the main purpose of the Spark Context? It represents the connection to a Spark cluster, and we can have only one active SparkContext at a time. Right? Great! Let's look at the next option. The Spark driver is responsible for scheduling the execution of data by various worker nodes in cluster mode. That's also a correct statement. One of the main jobs of the Spark driver is to schedule the executors on the worker nodes and monitor them while they are running. If an executor fails, the Spark driver will go into a retry loop by restarting a new executor on some worker node, and the new executor will restart the execution. Make sense? Now let's look at the last option. The Spark driver should be as close as possible to worker nodes for optimal performance. Great! That's an interesting question. We talked about it while discussing client mode and cluster mode. Right? The driver and executors communicate heavily, and they also exchange data in some cases. So If your driver is running inside the cluster close to the executors, you will get better network bandwidth and better performance. Make sense? Great! So we are done with the first question. Let's look at the second question. Which of the following describes nodes in cluster-mode Spark? Great! So they are talking about two things here. Nodes and Cluster mode And they want us to find the statement that correctly describes the node in cluster-mode. Let's read the first option. Nodes are the most granular level of execution in the Spark execution hierarchy. That's not correct. We know the Spark application has got two hierarchies. The first one is like this. Driver Worker and then Executor And the second hierarchy is like this. Job Stages and Tasks If you say the most granular level of execution, then you must be talking about the task. So this statement does not look correct to me. Let's look at the second option. There is only one node, and it hosts both the driver and executors. Well, that could be true if you are running Spark in a cluster having only one worker. But that's very unlikely. So I doubt if this could be the best answer. Let me skip this option assuming it to be incorrect. Now let's look at the next option. Nodes are another term for executors, so they are processing engine instances for performing computations. That's incorrect. I already talked about the Spark hierarchies. A node or a worker node is a machine where Spark will run one driver and many executors. They are not the same as executors, and they are not the processing engine for performing computations. Let's look at the next one. There are driver nodes and worker nodes, both of which can scale horizontally. That's incorrect. When we talk about Nodes, we are always referring to machines. They will never scale. And they are referring to the driver node in the question. That's another indication of a wrong statement because Spark driver is always one, and it doesn't scale. Let's read the last one. Worker nodes are machines that host the executors responsible for the execution of tasks. That's a perfect statement. Worker nodes are machines, and they host the executors. The executors are responsible for performing the task. So this one is the correct statement. Great! Let's move on to the third question. Which of the following statements about slots is true? That's an interesting question. The term slot is always confusing and not very often used amongst Spark learners. But whenever they say a slot, you should immediately think about the executor CPU cores or executor threads. I have discussed this in the video. Right? Great! So they want us to identify the correct statement about slots. Let me read the first one. There must be more slots than executors. Well. We do not have such rules. You can have ten executors with one CPU core per executor. So each executor will have one slot. And that's perfectly fine. Spark doesn't complain. The point is straight. We can have slots >= executors. So this statement is wrong. What is next? There must be more tasks than slots. Well, that's also not a rule. You can have a hundred tasks and only ten slots. In this case, some tasks will wait for slot availability. You can also have ten tasks and hundred slots. In that case, you will waste your capacity, and ninety slots will remain vacant. What is next? Slots are the most granular level of execution in the Spark execution hierarchy. That looks correct answer because the slots are the smallest units. I can mark it as correct. But I am a little skeptical because Spark always talks about jobs, stages, and tasks. So the task is the most granular level of execution. The slot is more of a computation resource. Right? So let's see if I find a better answer. Slots are not used in cluster mode. That's nonsense. Slots are threads, and they are used to run tasks in the local mode, client mode, and cluster mode. They have nothing to do with the execution modes. What is next? Slots are resources for parallelization within a Spark application. This one is also correct. Slots are actually resources to run the task. So I have two answers that appear to be correct. But which one is the best answer. I think the last one describes it best. I was already skeptical about the third option. So I will go with the last option. Make sense? Great! Let's look at the next question. Which of the following is a combination of a block of data and a set of transformers that will run on a single executor? So what are they asking? They are looking for a combination of data and transformations that can run on a single executor. And that is what we call a Task. Isn't it. A task is a unit of work that will be sent to one executor. It contains a series of transformations and required data partition. Right? So do we have an option here? Yes! We have the task in the options, and that should be the correct answer. Let's look at the other options. We have Executor, Node, Job, and Slot. None of these match the definition. So the task is the correct answer. Let's move on to the next question. Which of the following is a group of tasks that can be executed in parallel to compute the same set of operations on potentially multiple machines? If you recall the definition of a stage, you can easily make out the answer. Right? We know that every spark action triggers a Job. Then the Job is broken down into stages. And each stage is further broken down into parallel tasks depending upon the number of input data partitions. So If we have 50 data partitions, we can run the stage in 50 parallel tasks. Right? And that's what they are asking. The question says a group of tasks that can be executed in parallel. So the correct answer is a stage. And we have an option here. Make sense? Now let's move on to the next question. Spark has a few different execution/deployment modes: cluster and client. Which of the following describes Spark's execution/deployment mode? Great! We know Spark offers three deployment modes - cluster mode and client mode. They want us to read the statement and choose the correct one. Let's read the first one. Spark's execution/deployment mode determines where the driver and executors are physically located when a Spark application is run. That looks perfectly correct. Right? The cluster mode will run driver and executor both in the spark cluster. The client mode will run the driver in the local machine, and the executors will run in the cluster. It looks like I found my correct answer. Let me quickly go through the other statements. Spark's execution/deployment mode determines which tasks are allocated to which executors in a cluster That's rubbish. We do not have any control over task allocation. Spark driver automatically manages that. Spark's execution/deployment mode determines which node in a cluster of nodes is responsible for running the driver program That's again incorrect. We do not have control over the node allocation. The resource manager automatically manages that. Spark's execution/deployment mode determines exactly how many nodes the driver will connect to when a Spark application is run This one is also not correct. We can configure the number of executors that we want. But we cannot control the number of nodes. Spark's execution/deployment mode determines whether results are run interactively in a notebook environment or batch That's confusing. We use CLI and Notebooks for running Spark interactively. But we do not specify the client mode explicitly for running the CLI or notebook. These tools internally set the mode. And yes, the notebook uses client mode for interactive work and cluster mode for batch running if we submit the entire notebook. But we do not set the mode explicitly. So this statement is a little confusing, but I already found one a clean and correct statement. So I will not go with option five. And instead, I will prefer marking the first option. Make sense? Great! Let's move on to the next one. Which of the following cluster configurations will ensure the completion of a Spark application in light of a worker node failure? Great! That's an excellent question. In the first scenario, we have only one executor. We gave 100 GB executor memory and 200 CPU cores. So we have a lot of capacity here. We have 200 cores. That means we will get at least 200 slots, and we can run 200 parallel tasks. Right? But we have a single executor on a single worker node. Is that a problem? What happens if the worker node fails? That shouldn't be a problem. The cluster manager will detect it and assign us a new worker node. That's why we have a cluster manager, and they are fault-tolerant. So we will get a new worker node and a new executor, and the driver will restart the task on the executor. So I do not see a problem in completing the Job even if the worker node fails. The first scenario is a little hypothetical because we do not prefer to run our spark applications on a single executor with a huge capacity. Why? Simple! If the worker node fails, everything will start again. The worker is fault-tolerant. So the Job will finish, but it will take a longer time in case of failure. The other scenarios are more realistic, and they are running with multiple worker nodes. So they are anyway fine and will ensure the Job succeeds. So option 2 is the correct answer They should all ensure completion because worker nodes are fault-tolerant. Make sense? Great! Let's move next. At which stage Spark catalyst optimizer applies rule-based optimization. This one is easy. Right? We know Spark application code goes through these four stages. The Analysis is all about parsing your code and resolving names from the catalog. The logical optimization is for applying for all the rule-based optimization work. The outcome of a logical plan is an optimized logical plan? The physical plan converts what we want to do into how to do it. So the physical plan takes decisions such as what type of join should be performed. Should we do a sort-merge join or a broadcast join? So the Physical plan applies cost-based optimization. The physical plan also translates Dataframe operation into RDD operations because everything in Spark is an RDD operation. Finally, the code generation step will create bytecode for different stages. This question is asking a straightforward question. Where rule-based optimization applies, and the answer is Logical Planning. Make sense? Great! Let's go on to the next question. Which statement is correct for Cluster Manager Let's read out the options. Allocates resources and keeps track of resources across applications. That looks correct to me. I mean, we may have multiple Spark applications submitted to a single cluster. And it is the cluster manager that allocates resources to the Spark application. The driver will request resources for starting executors, but the cluster manager does the resource allocation. Right? So this one looks correct. Communicates back the state of an executor to the driver. Well! Executors will directly communicate with the driver. The Cluster manager doesn't have any role here. So this one is an incorrect statement. Runs the application code in parallel That's not the Job of the cluster manager. A cluster manager is responsible for managing the cluster and allocating resources. That is all. So this option is also incorrect. Schedules the executors to run in parallel That's a little confusing. The cluster manager allocates resources for the executor and gives them to the driver. Then it is the driver's responsibility to schedule the executors and monitor them. So this one is also incorrect. Great! Let's look at the last question. You are running two spark applications A1 and A2, in your spark cluster in cluster mode. Select the correct statement. Okay. Let's go through the options. Spark master will run the driver process for A1 and A2 What is spark master? I never heard this term. And they are saying Spark master will run the driver process. That's not correct,Right? So I will mark it as incorrect. Spark will create one driver and two executors to run A1 and A2 Well! That doesn't make good sense to me. We have two applications A1 and A2. So we must have two drivers. Right? So this is also incorrect. A1 and A2 will have their own set of drivers and executors That one looks like a correct statement. The statement is not too elaborate, but it sounds correct. We have two applications A1 and A2, and they will have their own driver and a set of executors. That makes sense to me. So let me mark it as correct, and then we will see the last option. A1 and A2 will share a single driver, but they will have separate executors That's rubbish. Each spark application will have its own driver process. They never share the driver. Great! So we are done with all the questions. Did you notice the approach for taking up the answers? I have been using one of the following approaches. Direct Answer and Elimination The first approach will read the question and try to jump on the correct answer directly. For example, look at the following question. I read the question and immediately know the answer. They are talking about the stage. Right? So I look for the expected answer in the options and mark it as correct. That's the direct answer approach. You read the question, and you know the answer. I prefer this approach whenever possible. Especially architecture-based questions and other conceptual questions can be done using this direct answer approach. But even if I take the direct answer approach, I quickly evaluate other options also. And make sure I am not making a mistake. The second approach is the elimination method. So we go option-by-option and try to eliminate it as a wrong answer. If we cannot eliminate it, mark it as a correct answer. But make sure you go over all options and eliminate all of them except one. If you have two potentially correct answers, choose the best one. Make sense? Great! I hope you enjoyed this question set and also learned or revised few concepts. See you again in the next set. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.