Welcome Back Let's look at the next set of practice questions in detail I will go through each question and evaluate all the options Let' start with the first question Choose the incorrect statement Well, That's a question to choose the incorrect statement Spark engine starts new stage after the shuffle operation That looks correct. Spark job will run one stage, perform shuffle, then start the next stage. That's how it works Right? The spark.sql.shuffle.partitions default value is 200 That's also correct However, this question might be Spark version-specific. The default value of this configuration is 200 for Spark 3.0 It might change for a higher version. So you must refer to the documentation for your Spark version. Right? A shuffle represents a physical repartitioning of the data That's a deep statement. So what happens in a shuffle operation? The shuffle operation creates new partitions based on the grouping key, which are sent to the executors for running the next stage. So the data physically moves from one executor to another executor. And that's what they are talking about So this statement is also correct. Avoiding shuffle can combine multiple Spark Jobs into one Job Well! If we can avoid a shuffle, then Spark will merge two stages into one single stage. But they are talking about merging Spark Jobs. That never happens. Spark will trigger at least one Job for each action You can reduce the number of jobs by reducing the number of actions. But reducing the shuffle will not merge the jobs. It will merge the stages. Make sense? Great! We found our answer. Let's move to the next question. Which of the following describes a stage best Okay Let's see the options. A set of works launched for an application on a worker node to run tasks in parallel. It looks like a confusing statement. They are talking about a set of works to run tasks in parallel. I cannot relate to workers with stages. So this option doesn't look correct to me because they do not describe a stage. A unit of work that can be assigned to one executor No. A unit of work that goes to an executor is known as a task. Right? So this one is also not describing a stage. Consists of one driver process and a set of executor processes to run tasks in parallel This statement represents the Spark application, not a stage. A unit for work which is executed as a set of tasks in parallel without a shuffle That's what a stage means. A stage is a set of parallel tasks without shuffle. The shuffle separates two stages. Right? So we got our answer. Great! Let's go to the next question. Which statement is correct for Cluster Manager This one should be easy. Let me read the first statement. Allocates resources and keeps track of resources across applications. Good. That's what the cluster manager or the cluster resource manager will do. I think I got the correct answer. But let me quickly scan other options. Communicates back the state of an executor to the driver. No. the Cluster manager has nothing to do with driver and executor communication. The driver and executor directly communicate without needing any help from the cluster manager. Runs the application code in parallel That's not correct. The cluster manager does not run the code. Schedules the executors to run in parallel This one is also not correct. The cluster manager only allocates the executor container on the worker node. Executor scheduling is done by the driver. Let's go to the next question. Which of the following correctly defines Spark performance advantages over Hadoop? Great Spark is a successor of Hadoop Map/Reduce. And the Spark application performs much better than the Hadoop Map/Reduce application. That's what they are asking here. Let me see the options. Spark performs better by storing data in the RDD format, whereas Hadoop can only use files. Well! The reason for Spark performance is not the RDD. Spark performs better than Map/Reduce because Spark is an in-memory computation engine. Spark buffers data in the memory and manages memory more efficiently. The Hadoop Map/Reduce heavily depends on the disk I/O compared to Spark. So I will be looking for an option that talks about Spark as an in-memory system and Hadoop as a disk I/O dependent system. Let's see the next option. Spark performs better because it can be deployed on Kubernetes, whereas Hadoop works only on YARN. I don't think that is a valid reason for performance. Spark achieves good performance by storing data and computation in memory, whereas Hadoop requires more disk I/O operations. Great! This is what I have been looking for. This statement correctly describes the reason for Spark performance over Hadoop Map/Reduce. But let me read other options also. ​Spark performs better by storing data in the custom format, whereas Hadoop HDFS file formats. No. That's not correct. ​Spark achieves performance gains using DataFrames API, but Hadoop doesn't support Dataframe. This is also not correct for the performance point. We already got our correct answer. Let's go to the next question. Which of the following statements about executors is correct? Let's see the options. Slot is a synonym for an executor. No. Slots are created inside the executors. Right? ​You must have fewer executors than tasks. Well! You can have it, but it is not a must. Right? ​An executor runs on a single CPU core. Okay! So an executor can have one core, or it can have more than one core. So I don't think it is a correct statement. You must have more slots in the executors than tasks. No. That's rubbish. Let's see the following options. Tasks run in parallel in executor slots. Perfect! It's a short but perfectly correct statement. Right? Let's go to the next question. Which of the following correctly describes a shuffle? Great! It should be an easy question. Let's see the options. A shuffle is executed during a broadcast join. That's not correct. The broadcast join is a technique to eliminate the need for a shuffle. Spark applies the broadcast join when one table is tiny, and the other table is comparatively large. In this case, Spark will broadcast the smaller table to all executors and avoid the shuffle operation. Make sense. So this statement is incorrect. A shuffle operation is used to send data to the executors. This is also not correct. The shuffle operation is used to physically repartition the data and send it from the read exchange to the write exchange. Shuffle doesn't send data to executors. A shuffle operation is a result of wide dependency transformation. That's correct. We learned about it. Right? You are likely to see a shuffle operation in your execution plan whenever you have a wide dependency. A shuffle results from DataFrame.coalesce(). That's not correct. Dataframe coalesce() is a narrow dependency transformation. So it does not cause a shuffle. A shuffle combines multiple partitions. It looks like a correct statement, but it is not. The shuffle is a repartition operation. So it doesn't combine data. Make sense? Great! Let's see the next question. Which of the following statement is correct about the Spark execution plan? Great! Let's see the options. Spark catalog is used to resolve the optimized logical plan. Well! This is incorrect. The Catalog is used to resolve the column names and data types, and it is used during the Analysis phase. An optimized logical plan is created during the logical planning phase, which is performed analysis phase. Right? Let's see the next option. Spark catalog is used to compute the cost of execution. No. Catalog has nothing to do with cost optimization. We learned that. Right? The physical plan depends on cost optimization. Correct. Spark will create multiple physical plans, apply a cost to each plan and then take one physical plan with the least cost. So the physical plan is all about cost optimization. We found our correct answer. But let's see other options quickly. The physical plan will differ for DataFrame API and SQL, even if both represent the same operation. That's not correct. Spark SQL engine applies to DataFrame API and Spark SQL in the same way. If they represent the same operations, the execution plan will be the same. Right? So this statement is incorrect. The code generation is performed before the cost optimization. That's incorrect. Code optimization is the last step of query planning. Great! Let's see the next question. Which of the following describes a characteristic of the Spark driver? Great! Another driver-executor question. Let's see the options. The Spark driver collects the DAG information from the worker nodes. That's rubbish. The DAG is a representation of the spark execution plan. And the driver knows the execution plan as well as the DAG from the beginning. You can configure the Spark driver to scale horizontally. No. The Spark driver cannot scale. Every Spark application can have one and only one driver. So this statement is incorrect. The Spark driver partitions the data to achieve parallel processing from executors. No. The driver has nothing to do with the data partitioning. So this is also incorrect. The Spark driver automatically creates the SparkSession. No. You must write code to create a spark session. Some tools such as spark-shell or Spark notebooks will internally create spark session. But the driver cannot automatically create a spark session. The Spark driver is responsible for scheduling tasks on executors. That's correct. Spark driver is responsible for the scheduling of the executors as well as the task on those executors. Great! Let' go to the next question. Which of the following statements about the DAG is correct? Okay! Let me read the options. DAG stands for "Distributed Acyclic Graph." That's incorrect. The DAG stands for Directed Acyclic Graph. So this option is incorrect. Spark developers cannot see the DAG of the Spark jobs because Spark wants to hide internal details for simplicity. No You can see the DAG using the Spark UI. The Spark UI clearly and nicely shows the DAG to you. A DAG represents the executor-level mapping of tasks. What does it mean? The DAG is a representation of the execution plan. It does not map anything to executors. A DAG represents the execution plan of a Spark Job. That's correct. This statement is a clear definition of the Spark DAG. Great! Let's see the next question. Which of the following statement correctly describes fault tolerance in Apache Spark? Good. This one should be a good question. ​Spark can recover data from the disk of the failed worker. No. If the worker failed, we could not recover data from the failed machine. So this is not correct. If an executor on a worker node fails, Spark can recompute the RDD at another executor using the RDD lineage. Perfect. This is a correct statement. Spark fault tolerance is designed using the RDD. RDD is a resilient distributed dataset. An RDD also contains the lineage information. I mean, it tells from where it comes and how it is computed. So in case of failure, Spark will recreate the RDD using the lineage information in a different executor. And that's how fault tolerance works in Apache Spark. Spark computation is fault-tolerant, but RDDs are not fault-tolerant. That's incorrect. RDDs are the first-level defense against the fault. They can be recomputed at a different executor. The second level defense is the ability of the driver to restart the task on a different executor. The third level defense is the ability of the cluster manager to assign new worker nodes and executor containers if the existing one fails. Make sense? Spark must recompute the DataFrame in case of failure because DataFrames are mutated during the transformations. Well! This statement is incorrect because DataFrames are immutable. The statement tries to tell that the DataFrame is mutable. So I will mark it as incorrect. Spark fault tolerance must be enabled via the Spark.fault-tolerance.enabled property. That's rubbish. Spark is a fault tolerant system, and it is not an optional feature. You do not need to enable it, and you cannot disable it. Make sense? Great! That's all for this video. See you again. Keep Learning and Keep Growing.