Welcome back. In this lecture, we will learn about aggregation and we will start with the simple aggregation and learn how to implement simple aggregations in Spark data frames. So let's start. So here I am in my dev environment. Let's go to chapter eight, Spark Aggregates, and start with the simple aggregation. This is the notebook that I'll be using to help you understand aggregations in Apache Spark. I hope you already understand what is aggregation. Aggregation means calculating kind of a summary. For example, you want to find the total sales or average sales. Those kind of things are known as aggregation. In Spark, aggregations are implemented using functions. Aggregations are not implemented using data frame transformations. Transformations, we already learned. Within those transformations itself, we can use aggregation functions to do the aggregation. Some commonly used aggregation functions are listed here like count. You can do count* or you can do count of some expressions, count distinct, et cetera. Min, max, average, sum. These are just a few simple aggregations. There are many other functions for calculating different types of aggregations in Apache Spark. You want to find the complete list, you can refer to the documentation. Let me show you Apache Spark Documentation. Latest Release, API Docs. API Reference. Come to Spark SQL, Functions, and you can look for aggregate functions. These are a bunch of functions supported by Spark to calculate different types of aggregate, including count and max, min, et cetera. You will also find those simple aggregates that I have listed like sum, average. Below that, you will see Window Functions. These are also used in aggregations. In the windowing aggregation, we will learn about windowing aggregations in the coming lectures, but these are the places where you can look for all available aggregation functions. So I hope you got some idea about aggregations, what are aggregations and how aggregations are implemented in Spark. Now let's come to the types of aggregations. Broadly, we can classify types of aggregations in four categories: simple aggregations, grouped aggregations, multilevel aggregations, and window aggregations. We will learn all these four one by one. In this lecture, we want to understand what are simple aggregations and how to implement simple aggregations in Apache Spark. So let's start learning simple aggregation with the help of some examples. Often calculating aggregations requires preparing data ready for calculating aggregations, right? All the data engineering or lot of data engineering work has to be done to prepare the data in a desired format, or bring it into a desired table or data frame so that we can calculate the aggregation. All that is doing transformations of the data. And finally, we can do the aggregation on the transformed data. So to learn aggregations, I have prepared a dataset here, which is like analysis dataset, prepare club bookings dataset for analysis. And this dataset contains booking_id, member_name, facility_name, start_time, and booking_amount. So how I have prepared it, let's assume we have three tables: bookings, facilities, and members. So we created three data frames and then combined all these three data frames to prepare this kind of final dataset, which includes information from booking like booking_id, information from members like member_name, information from facilities like facility_name, and then booking start_time and booking_amount, all that we have done using Spark aggregations and we have club bookings data frame ready. Let me run this one and you can get a sense of what kind of data do we have. So here is the bookings dataset, which represents the entire booking, right? We have booking_id, who booked which facility, what was the start time of the booked facility, and how much he has paid for the booking, right? All this information is there in this data frame. Now we want to calculate some aggregates for our understanding or for analysis. So here is the requirement, calculate total earnings and average booking value. So what do we want? Total earnings means you take the booking amount and sum it up, right? That will give you a total earning. And we also want average booking value. So how do we get the average or what do we want in the average? Sum it up and divide by number of records or number of bookings so we get the average booking value. That's the aggregate we want. So how do we calculate that aggregate? It's super simple. We already learned that aggregates can be calculated using aggregation functions. And we already have data frame here on this data frame. We take this club bookings data frame and we can calculate the aggregate. So let's prepare a result data frame, and let's assume I'll be writing code to prepare the result data frame here. And we will start with the club bookings data frame. And all we want is to calculate aggregate, right? So there are different ways to calculate aggregate using aggregation functions. The simplest one is to use select expression and simply call the functions, like sum function, right? Sum of what? We want sum of booking amount, right? And as let's say total_earning. So that's one thing we wanted. The second thing we wanted was average of the booking amount as let's say average_booking_value. That is all. And once we have the result, we can display the result. Let's run it. And these are known as simple aggregates. We simply want total earning, which can be calculated using booking amount, sum of booking amount, average booking value, which can be calculated using average of the booking amount. The important feature of the simple aggregation is that simple aggregation always returns one single answer. One single row, right? One row which tells both the things. Total learning, that's all. Right, average booking value, that's all. It always returns one single answer or one single line or one single record. That's what we mean by simple aggregation. So you can use select expression, and in the expression, you can use sum and alias and everything as I've shown here. The second approach you already learned, the second approach is to use column expression. So it's going to be something similar using column expression. And instead of using selectExpr, we can use select, right? And these expressions we can build directly. So for building these expressions directly using column functions, we have to import these two functions that we are using, sum and average. So let me import sum and average, these two functions I have imported. And then we don't want to build a string-like expression. We want to build a expression using column functions. So sum is a column function, which takes a column name and calculates the sum of that column. Once the sum is calculated, it gives me a column object, and I can use .alias to give an alias for that column object. So that's your first field. Similarly, you can do average of the booking amount and give an alias to that as avg. Booking amount and then close the select here, and that's all. And this is supposed to give me the same answer, same answer like we got from the earlier expressions. So these are two ways to develop expressions, and these are not new approaches. We have already learned that you can write any expression like a SQL-like string expression and evaluate it using Expr function or you can put it inside the selectExpr. You can build expressions using column functions and then use it in the select or use it in the width column or whatever transformations we have learned, right? You can use it in those transformations. Same approach can be used to calculate the aggregates also, especially simple aggregates. But for aggregation, Spark offers a new transformation called agg transformation, A double G. Agg transformation is designed specifically for calculating aggregates, and that is the standard way for calculating aggregates. These are not the kind of expressions we build or select is not a kind of transformation we should be using for calculating the aggregates. It works, even select and selectExpr works, but only for the simple aggregation. As we progress further and start learning about grouping aggregations, multilevel aggregations and windowing aggregations, these kind of select expressions don't work. For that, Spark has offered us a new transformation called agg transformation. So idea is to use agg transformations for every kind of aggregation. So let's try to implement this again using the agg transformation. So how things change? We can build expression either column expression or using a string-like expression. But for calculating aggregate, instead of using select, we can use agg. That's the transformation available on the data frame. That's all. So agg is a data frame transformation that allows you to calculate aggregates. This is the first aggregate and this is the second aggregate. That's all, and it returns you data frame, again with the columns that we have in the agg. similar to select, but it is standardized for doing the aggregation. And further, whenever we are going to learn the advanced type of aggregations, like grouping aggregation, multilevel aggregation, windowing aggregation, agg is the only way to do the aggregation. You cannot do that aggregation using select or selectExpr. So let's run this just to confirm that agg can be used and we got these same results, right? So that's about simple aggregation. It is simply calculating the final single aggregate without any further consideration. Like what is my total earning? What is my minimum earning? What is my maximum earning? What is my average earning? Those kind of things are simple aggregation, and you can calculate them using select, selectExpr, or agg. But recommendation is to get into the practice of using the agg for calculating the aggregation. That's all for this lecture. I'll see you in the following lecture and we will learn grouping aggregations. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing. (upbeat music)