So let's go ahead and practice using Cognito Identity Pool. So you go on the left to Cognito Identity and then you create an identity pool. So first of all, you choose whether or not you want authenticated access and/or guest access. So for authenticated access, we have to define what is the source of the authentication. So is it Amazon Cognito user pool, is it Facebook, Google, Apple, Amazon, Twitter, OIDC, SAML, or a custom developer provider. And so because we have created an Amazon Cognito user pool before, we can just safely choose this one. If we want to also have guest access, so that anyone can access our pool and get IAM credentials out of it, we can enable guest access. So let's click on next, we have enabled both. Next, we need to configure permissions and so we need to create an authenticated role. This is a role that is going to be assumed by the users who are authenticating into our identity pool. So I will call this one Cognito Identity Pool Authenticated Role Demo. And this role should contain the permissions that the user will have once they obtain access to AWS. So this is just minimal policy right now and we'll see how to add on roles after that, add on permissions after this. Next, for the guest role, again, we specify an IAM role, so this one is unauthenticated role demo and again, minimal permissions. So click on next. Next, because we have specified Amazon Cognito user pool as a source for login, we need to specify a pool ID as well as an app client ID, which we have created from before. Now for the role settings, do we want to use the default authenticator role we have created for this specific pool or do you wanna have a role with rules? So I can have different roles with different rules or choose a role based on some claims in tokens. So to keep things simple we'll use the default authenticated role. As you can see, you can be pretty specific about which users get which role, as well as some attributes for access control to map some attributes and to map them into IAM policies, for example, using the username and the client. So this is advanced, but all of this means is that the users logging in through your identity pool will have specific attributes that you can use in the IAM policies of the authenticator role to specify what they can and cannot access. So we'll click on next and then we'll just call this one Demo Identity Pool. And then we want the classic authentication or not, it doesn't really matter, we'll just leave this as default. So click on next and then create an identity pool. And now that we're done, we're going to click on identity pool. And so we have both authenticated and guest access into our pool. Now to get started, we need to set up an SDK and then integrate this into our code and then we authenticate a user thanks to the SDK and then we get the AWS credentials out of it. So this is not something I can demo to you right now, but what I want to show you and the important part of it is that if you go into IAM now, and then we're going to go and find the roles and you type in Cognito. So these two roles, the authenticated and unauthenticated roles, is what you should be able to actually modify to set the right policy for your users that will authenticate through this. So you can, for example, create an inline policy in here and choose a service, for example, Amazon s3 and then you would say get read permissions for Amazon s3 or whatever you want, you can also add policies and not inline policies. So that's it, once you've understood this, you basically understood the idea behind Cognito identity pools and I cannot demo more than this because this is what you get. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.