So, let's try to really understand the difference between Cognito User Pools and Identity Pool. But by now, you should have a good idea. So, Cognito User Pools is used for authentication which is identity verification. So it's going to be a database of users for your web and your mobile applications. And then you have federation for logins, so you can have social logins such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, or OIDC, or corporate logins using SAML. But the idea is that Cognito User Pools will be your database of users. You can even customize the hosted UI for authentication, include your logo, and you have integration with Lambda during the authentication flow for pre-, for post, and so on. You can also adapt the sign-in experience to different risk levels, for example, with adaptive authentication. So that MFA is used in due time. Now for Cognito Identity Pools, this is for authorization or access control. And this is access control from within AWS. So, for just the comparison, if you have a mobile application and you just wanna have a database of users, you're good to go with Cognito User Pools. But if you want these users to be able to access your AWS environment, for example a DynamoDB database or an S3 bucket, then you need to give them authorization, and this is achieved by using Cognito Identity Pools. So, here you will obtain temporary credentials for users and then the login to get these credentials, the way to exchange a token for these credentials can be done, again, by social, OIDC, SAML, which can be confusing but also Cognito User Pools. And so, the idea is that wherever your user is identified then they can exchange this token for authorization. So you can use Cognito Identity Pool with Cognito User Pool, but you can also use Cognito Identity Pool on its own. The benefits also of using Cognito Identity Pools is that the users can be unauthenticated, they can be guests. And then, once you have them set up in Identity Pool, the users are going to be mapped to specific IAM roles and policies, and you can leverage policy variables, which gives them access to, for example, a DynamoDB table or an S3 Buckets. So when you use Cognito User Pools with Cognito Identity Pools, you get authentication on the first hand and authorization on the second hand. And this is what I'm trying to represent in this diagram. So, let's say you have a web and mobile application, and you want to access your private S3 Bucket and DynamoDB Table with a per user type of security. So first, we'll do best practices. We'll do a login and get token from Cognito User Pools. So you'll have your internal database of users and you can federate the login using SAML, OpenID Connect, Google, or Facebook. Then the user will have its identity will be verified. What we can do is that we can exchange then this token of your users for temporary AWS credentials. And the way it works out we can integrate Cognito Identity Pool directly with Cognito User Pools. Then we're going to get temporary credentials thanks to STS. And then the web and mobile applications can then issue API calls directly into AWS and we'll have made sure from Cognito Identity Pool that the IAM policy attached to these temporary credentials allow them to perform exactly the action they need. Okay, so by now you should really be able to understand the differences between user pools and identity pools. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.