Now let's talk about Dead Letter Queues in SQS. The idea is that let's get into the scenario where a consumer fails to process a message within the visibility timeout period. Then we know that the message automatically goes back into the queue. So the consumer reads the message, maybe there's a failure, maybe we don't have enough time. The message goes back into the queue. Now, if that thing happens very often, that can be a problem. For example, we read again the message, maybe there's something wrong with the message. Maybe our consumer doesn't understand the message or can't process the message. Then the message will go back into the queue and it will happen again. We'll read the message again from SQS and it will go again back into the queue. So we can set a threshold to how many times this can happen. And, this failure loop can be a big problem, but we can set a MaximumReceives threshold. And if that threshold is exceeded then we can tell SQS to say, "Well, this message looks a bit odd. It looks like it's being processed too many times and not successfully." Therefore, send this into a Dead Letter Queue. And the Dead Letter Queue will contain that message and for later processing. And so the message will be removed from the first queue and sent into the second one. Why do we have Dead Letter Queues? Well Dead Letter Queues are very useful for debugging and in case a message goes in Dead Letter Queue because it is an SQS queue, you have to process it, but at least it gives you time to understand what is happening. Few things to notice that the Dead Letter Queue of a FIFO queue must also be a FIFO queue, and the Dead Letter Queue of the Standard queue must also be a Standard queue. Finally, because we have a Dead Letter Queue, you need to make sure that the messages are processed before They expire from the queue. So it's a good idea to set a long time for example, 14 days of retention from within the Dead Letter Queue. And the next feature for management of your Dead Letter Queues are the re drive to source feature. So it's a feature to help you consume messages in the Dead Letter Queue to understand what is wrong with them. So you have your messages now you know they haven't been processed in the source queue and therefore they are in the Dead Letter Queue and you're going to do a manual inspection and debugging of these messages. And then you're going to fix your consumer code understand why the message wasn't processed in case the message was correct. And then what you can do is re drive that message from the dead letter queue into the source SQS queue And what's going to happen with this is that the consumer can now reprocess that message without even knowing that the message went into the Dead Letter Queue and then the message processing has happened and as a cool feature. So now let us go into the console so I can show you the Dead Letter Queue feature.