So here is a quick lecture on how to integrate x-ray with Beanstalk. So the Beanstalk platforms include the x-ray daemon, so we don't need to include it. And you can run the demon by just setting one option in the Beanstalk console as we'll see in the hands-on. Or you can create as well an EB extensions file called x-ray-daemon.config. So again, in the .ebextensions folder with a .config extension that looks like this and it's just one line, it just enables the x-ray demon. So simple. Then once you do this, obviously you need to make sure that your EC2 instance has an instance profile with a correct IAM permission so that the x-ray demon can function correctly and write to the x-ray service. And of course you need to make sure that your application code is instrumented with the extra SDK to send these trace. And if you do run multi Docker container, you would need to manage the X-ray team yourself as we'll see in the next lecture with ECS. Okay, so let's go ahead and create an application in which we're going to demo the x-ray in big stock. So we create a web server environment. We name our application, we scroll down, we choose no js, we keep everything as default, and we'll use single instance. We click on next, then we use an existing service role we select to key pair and we click on next. We don't need to do anything for VPC instance, so we just go and click on next. In terms of instance, traffic and scaling as well. We don't do anything, so we just go and click on next. And for monitoring, now we're going to scroll down and we have Amazon x-ray on their platform software. So here we are just going to activate the x-ray demon, and that's all we have to do. X-ray will be enabled on our Beanstalk EC2 instances. So we'll going to click on next. Now we have enabled x-ray. And finally we just click on submit. And here we go. X-ray is activated and Beanstalk is launching our environment. Okay, so we can have a look at one thing though, which is our configuration. And if we look at it, the EC2 instance profile is AWS Elastic Beanstalk, EC2 roll. So if I go in the IAM console and then I go on the rolls and I search for our Beanstock EC2 roll right here and click on it, we can have a look at permission policies and one of them is called the Elastic Beanstalk Web Tier Policy. So we're going to click on it and then within it, as we can see, we have permissions for x-ray already included called, if I click on it, actually we can have a look at the permissions. We have all these permissions right here, which are the necessary permissions for our demon running on our EC2 instance to send data to Amazon x-ray and to get some as well. So this is very important, because, well, if you launch a Beanstalk application and you use a role that is not this role right here, you create a custom role, then it's important for you to also make sure that this role will have the necessary permissions for x-ray. So that's it. And if our application that is launched now had more than a congratulations page, but also was integrated with x-ray, we would see the traces in the x-ray console, but at least we've seen the option under Beanstalk. So that's it. Now you know how to integrate Beanstalk and x-ray. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture. And of course, don't forget to terminate your environment.