All right. In this short demonstration, I'm going to show you how you can use the AWS CLI in order to interact with S3. Now, on the screen here, I just have a simple terminal window on my MacBook and we're going to use that to interact directly with S3. Now, I'm not going to go through that in this course. I will, however, add links to AWS documentation to show you exactly how to do that, because, you know, different folks are running on Mac, on Windows, on Linux, etcetera. So you can choose the installation type that is right for you and just simply install the AWS CLI. Now once it is installed, well, we need to provide the AWS CLI with some type of credential. So if we type in AWS configure and hit enter, it's going to ask you a set of questions. It's going to say, okay, what is the AWS access key that will give you access to view things inside of this account? Now I already have some of my information in there, but I'm going to go ahead and add it in here just so you can see. All right. So I'm going to copy my access key and I'm going to put it in here and hit enter. I'm going to provide my secret key and I'm going to copy that from my other screen and enter it here and hit enter. I'm going to leave the default region name as US East one and default output format. I'm just going to leave the default as none. All right. So now I have provided my access key and my secret key, so now I can start interacting with S3 using the AWS CLI or any AWS service for that matter that I have permission for. So I'm going to clear the screen here. But what I want to showcase first is that if you don't use the AWS configure command, the other thing you can do is you can set all of your credentials using environment variables. So in the case that I want to set those environment variables, I'm going to go ahead and showcase how I do that. You would do export and then you would say AWS access key ID and you provide your your access key ID, you would use AWS secret access key for your secret. And then finally, default region for the region that you want to use. All right. So I'm just going to get rid of this right now since we configured it using our AWS configure. So cool. So the first thing that we can do that interact with S3 using the AWS CLI is do the simplest form of interacting with S3 and simply list out our buckets. So we do AWS S3 when we're interacting with S3 and I'm simply going to do an LS for list. So I hit Enter here and you can see it lists out the buckets that I have in my account. All right, So I have a bucket called Brian Kraus and Bucket Private. I have one called CF, which CF is actually CloudFormation template. So if you upload a cloudformation template, it creates a bucket for you automatically. I have a data analytics sales team bucket and then another one called my data lookup bucket BC. All right. I have no idea what that is, but it's in my account. So just by doing an AWS S3 LS, you can actually see our buckets that are in our accounts. So what if we want to see objects inside of our bucket? Well, that's really easy to do to AWS S3 LS And then we can type in S3, colon slash, slash and then our bucket name. So in this case, I'm just going to copy this bucket name right here. And then I'm just going to add that down here. All right. So as three Brian Carlson, bucket, private and hit enter here. And now we can see that I have data inside of my bucket. Right? These are individual objects that live inside of that one bucket. So I don't have any prefixes in here. I just have like 5 or 6 files directly at the root. All right? And most of them are just PNGs or JPEGs or something. All right? Now you can see when they were uploaded, you can see the size of these objects as well. All right. So easy way to list out the contents inside of a bucket. Now, the other thing I want to quickly showcase is how we can interact with our data. Say we want to move some of those files that we just looked at. Maybe we want to move those into a prefix. So I'm going to hit up and I'm just going to list those out again so we can see those. And now I want to move that. So let's say AWS S3 and then MV for Move. And I'm going to point to the object that I want to move. So S3 Colon slash, slash. And our bucket name was Brian Crowson, dash bucket dash private. And the object that I want to move is maybe Avatar dot PNG and I want to go ahead and move that into S3 colon slash slash Brian Crowson dash bucket dash private And I want to go ahead and move that into a prefix called images. All right. And we'll call that avatar dot PNG. All right. So we're going to take this image that's right here in the root of our bucket, which we're referencing right here. And we're going to move that into a prefix called images. And we're going to call that avatar dot PNG. So if I hit enter there, we should be able to move it. So it has been moved. All right. So I'm going to clear the screen one more time. Let's go ahead and list out our objects inside of our bucket. Now you can see we actually have a prefix, right? Pre prefix called images. And now you don't see Avatar anymore. We've actually moved it inside of our images. All right. Now, the last thing I want to showcase real quick is how you can use the recursive flag in order to showcase everything. So that would be AWS, S3 LS, S3, colon slash, slash, and then our bucket name. So Brian Crowson dash bucket dash private and now we can do dash dash recursive and what that is going to do is showcase all of our objects, including any objects that are inside any of our prefixes. So I've hit enter here and now you can actually see instead of just showing, hey, there's a prefix here, it actually shows me that, hey, there's an object under the prefix called images right here. All right. So it calls out our prefix and then it calls out our object name. And of course, it showcases all the other objects inside of our bucket as well. All right. So very brief introduction to the AWS CLI and you can use all of the different commands or sub commands to interact with S3 as needed. So thanks for watching. Hopefully that was helpful for you and we'll see you in the next video.