All right, let's go there. The world of Transformers. That's the T in ChatGPT, folks, as we'll soon learn. And generative AI in general. Let's talk about large language models. GPT and how AWS supports this world. Keep in mind GPT comes from OpenAI, which is technically a competitor to Amazon. So you're not going to see ChatGPT or GPT four in the world of Amazon, but the earlier public models will show up. So and more generally, we want to talk about the transformer architecture and how these things work. So again, the exam does not always focus on Amazon specific things and concepts. They might ask you at some point in the future how transformers work in general, and not just how Amazon implements them or makes them available to you. We'll also spend some time on the concept of self-attention. There's a long evolution of transformers in large language models and GPT and the like that drew off of previous research and things like machine translation, autocomplete, even robotics and AI driven video games. But the one big insight that kind of kicked things forward was something called self-attention. So we'll spend some time on how that works, too. Where did transformers come from anyway? So the evolution of it goes all the way back to RNNs. Recurrent neural networks and LSTMs. We talked about this earlier in the course, and we actually used an example of that to do sentiment analysis on reviews. Right. So we've seen that a simple recurrent neural network can be effective at extracting some meaning out of text. After we tokenize that text, of course, and convert the text into numbers. And as a reminder, the general idea of an RNN is simply that it has this feedback loop for hanging on to information as it goes. So as we process individual tokens, it can feed that state back into the next loop through the RNN, and do this repeatedly to arrive at a result at the end of the day. So this ends up to be a very useful way of modeling sequential Things, you know, more generally time series. But it can also be applied to language, which is fundamentally a sequence of words or at the level of the actual processing, a sequence of numerical tokens that represent words. So that's cool and all. So we can build on that. And let's talk about using that for the purpose of machine translation. So one way that we can do that in this example we're trying to go from English to Klingon. Just for fun. We have what's called an encoder decoder architecture here. So the idea is that we have an encoder. Its encoder is to take a piece of text. In this case please translate me. And we're going to feed those through a bunch of RNNs sequentially. Again like we just do this one word at a time. And between each word we have this hidden state that represents the meaning up to this point. And we keep passing that along until we get to the end of the sentence that we want to translate. All right. So then when we're done, we have this last hidden state. So remember, as we're processing each RNN step, we end up with a hidden state that is trying to encode the meaning of this phrase. So far, it's in this giant vector. It's not just a single number, but by the time we're done with that final iteration, when we're done with this sentence, we have that last hidden state that we're left with, and this is our best representation that we have of the meaning of that sentence. We then pass that sentence over to the decoder, which has the opposite job of taking that hidden state and turning it back into tokens. So we're just flipping it on its head, basically. However, this decoder has been trained on Klingon, so it can take that hidden state and turn it not into English tokens, but Klingon tokens instead. And I looked it up and please translate me close to I guess I have no idea how to say that. And I think I is in quotes because Klingon doesn't have a word for please. Really. However, there's a problem here, right? So by having that one vector, that one hidden state that encodes the entire thing, that creates what we call an information bottleneck. So as we go and iterate through this sentence, if we had a really long sentence, the meaning from the start of that sentence or the start of that paragraph, or whatever it is could get lost and diluted over time. And that's not necessarily a good thing, right? So while you can do machine translation using just RNNs and an encoder decoder architecture, it's not the best approach. Now, the big breakthrough in 2017 was an academic paper called Attention is All You Need. And this really put the world of natural language processing on its head. The idea here is that we don't keep building up this hidden state iteratively. We have an individual hidden state at each step, so each individual word would have its own hidden state for each individual token. So we don't lose anything and we process all those tokens together. So this deals better with differences in word order as well. The reason being that when I'm doing the decoding, I don't just have the limited view of that one hidden state. I can look at the states of all the words surrounding it. So as I'm decoding, say the second token here, the second word of whatever that is, I'm not limited to just looking at that one hidden state. I can look at the hidden states associated with each word in the sentence at the same time. So I'm not losing any information. I have much more information at my disposal about the meaning of each word surrounding the word that I'm trying to translate at that time. This also gives us a concept of relationships between words, and we're going to dive in deep on how that works. So that's what attention is. It's basically saying, as I'm translating this token, what other tokens in this sentence should I pay attention to? What, uh, what words are related to this word as I'm translating it or trying to extract meaning from it? And that can be useful for getting an idea of the context of that word, right? Sometimes words have different meanings depending on the context and what other words surround them and how they're being used. So attention allows us to pick up on those relationships and have more meaning associated with the token that might be dependent more on the context and how it's being used in a sentence. However, there's still a limitation in this particular architecture. RNNs are still sequential in nature, so I'm still processing that encoder one token at a time. And yes, I'm saving off those states at each step, but it's still being done sequentially. I have to do one token, then the next token, then the next token. Say I want to translate it. Translate the first token. Translate the second token. Translate the third token token. The difference is that we have these attention weights that we can actually use to tie these back to other tokens as we go, but still we're doing this one token at a time. That's not really a good use of modern computing resources that are very good at parallelizing these sorts of operations. So it really holds us back because we can't parallelize this stuff and really do this at a massive scale. Now, I want to call your attention to the diagram here. Notice that these arrows have different sizes and thicknesses to them. Those represent the actual attention weights. So when I'm translating, which I guess is it's translate, you know, in this particular example, maybe that's paying more attention to the word please than to the word me in extracting the meaning of translate in that case. And you know, what those actually work out to be will vary based on the use case. And we'll dive into some examples of that shortly. So how do we get around the limitation of RNNs being sequential? How do we get around that sequential limitation and actually do things like machine translation in parallel? Well, that's where the idea of transformers comes into place. So in this case, we're ditching the RNNs entirely just for feedforward neural networks. These are just the plain old neural networks where you put something in one end and something else comes out the other, right? And it learns what all the weights are in the middle to extract meaning out of the inputs into whatever is output. So by getting rid of the RNNs entirely and replacing those with feedforward neural networks, we can actually start to do things in parallel, which is pretty cool. And this uses a mechanism called self-attention, where on each state, as we're going through the encoder, we can actually have those attention weights back to other tokens as we go to try to understand the meaning of each token right from the get go. Right. So that's important, right? If we're going to do this all in parallel, it means that I'm not doing things in order anymore. I need to have some sort of concept baked in to each individual token as to what its relationship to the other tokens is. Exactly. The part of that is the attention weights that define those relationships between words. Part of it is also knowing where it is positionally. That's what we call positional encoding, which we'll also talk about in a moment. The key being, however, this makes it parallelizable and this allows us to train on much more data. So by ditching RNNs entirely, we can now do everything in parallel. And that's the key to making large language models possible. This makes it possible to train these systems, these giant neural networks, on the entire contents of the internet, on the entire contents of Wikipedia, on the entire contents of every book we can get our hands on, which is exactly what's been happening.