So let's go into some more depth on how self-attention works. All right. So each encoder or decoder, whatever we're using in our transformer has a list of embeddings for each token. So we're not dealing with actual words here. Again those words are being tokenized into some sort of numerical representation. And furthermore those are being fed into what we call an embedding layer, where those tokens are being converted into a giant multi-dimensional vector. And the space between those vectors basically represent how similar those tokens are to each other. So words that kind of have the same meaning end up close to each other within that multi-dimensional space. Anyway, just talking about what we're feeding it into here. So basically the input for each token is this big vector. That's its embedding layer. The job of self-attention is to produce a weighted average of all the token embeddings. And the magic is going to be in computing the attention weights, which we're going to dive into right now. When we're done with all this, it results in tokens being tied to other tokens that are important for its context. So if a word has a different meaning in two different contexts, that new resulting token will represent that Underlying meaning, right? So in this example here to the right we have two sentences. One, I read a good novel. In that case we can see that there is a stronger attention value being given to the word read. Right. And it can use that combination of knowing that I'm using the word novel in the context of the word read, to know that what I really want to get is a token that represents the word book in its meaning. And on the other hand, novel can mean something else. It can mean something unique or original, right? Or new. So in the case of the attention is a novel idea, perhaps I have a thicker attention weight going to the word idea. And I know that novel used in conjunction with the word idea, means that I'm probably talking about something original and not a book. So that's the magic of self-attention. It can learn these relationships between words, and learn how those relationships result in a different contextual meaning for a given token. So after the self-attention block here, we've basically converted these tokens into their true meaning, given their context and where they are relative to other tokens in the sentence. That's what we're trying to do here. So how does that actually work? So under the hood in that self-attention layer there are three matrices of weights. And these are all just learned through back propagation. So as we're training this huge mess on, you know, actual Wikipedia articles and everything in Reddit and every book that we could find on the internet, it's training these matrices in what they should look like. And that's how it learns what these relationships are between tokens. There are three of them, and they're called the query, the key and the value matrices. So what happens is every token gets a query a key and a value vector. And those are computed by multiplying the embedding for that token against these matrices. All right. So we take that embedding that each token was converted into. We multiply that against these learned matrices for query key and value. And we get back vectors associated with query key and value for every token. All right. With me so far So then what. So now we have to compute a score for each token. And we do that by multiplying the query with each key of every other token around it. All right. Now mathematically that's done with a dot product. And that's why we call this scaled dot product attention. That's the fancy word for it. Dot product is just one of many similarity functions you can use. So we do specify that it's scaled dot product attention as opposed to some other function attention. Right. And then in practice we apply a softmax layer after that to normalize those scores that are coming out of it. All right. So we take that result of the matrix multiplication for query key and value. We multiply the query with each key of everything else that's around it. And that results in scores for each individual token as we're going through. All right. And then we use softmax to make sure it's all normalized. Now beyond that there's something called masked self-attention as well. So the idea here is to prevent your tokens from peeking into the future. So as I'm reading a sentence, I don't know what words come after that word that I'm currently reading. Right? My brain doesn't work that way, and this is a way of mimicking that ability. So by introducing a mask, I can ensure that, for example, when I'm processing the word a, I'm applying this mask against the other tokens so that I'm only going to look at the word a and all the results from the other tokens get masked out and multiply by zero there, right? If I go to the next token and say a good, this mask says, okay, I can look at the results from a before that and for myself, good. But nothing after that. And when I'm processing the word novel, I'm allowed to look at a and good before that. But anything after that token gets zeroed out. Remember this is all happening in parallel. That's the whole key here. That's how we can do this at scale. But this is a mechanism by which we can ensure that even though we're processing this in parallel, it's sort of processing things sequentially conceptually. Right. So any given token cannot process information from tokens after it, even though it's all being done in parallel. GPT does this, um, other models such as Bert, which is slightly different, do something else. So GPT just to spoil alert here, a little bit of how it works is built entirely on decoders. It's just stacks of decoders and nothing else. Bert is built on stacks of encoders and nothing else, so you don't always have to have an encoder and a decoder. You can use one or the other and still get great results. But because of Bert's encoder approach, this approach doesn't really work the same way it does something called masked language modeling, where it can mask out, uh, tokens in a different way that aren't necessarily in sequence. So like we said in this example, the word good can look at the word a, but it can't look at the word novel. Right. And um, this is just how it works conceptually. The implementation details do vary based on the transformer that we're talking about. So what comes next? All right. So now you just sum everything up. So we multiply all the values by the scores. And then we add them up. So we take those value vectors that we got by multiplying it against the value matrix. We multiply that by the scores we just talked about in the previous slide. And that gives us a new product vector that we're going to call z here. That's just the value multiplied by those scores for each individual token. We then add them all up together and we get a final z vector for that token. And now we're done. So we have those updated embeddings. This is basically the final embedding that we have that represents that token. So that's how we've reached this z token that represents the true meaning of the word novel for example. So in this case we started off with an embedding of the word novel that didn't know anything about his context. We passed it through this self-attention process that we just described, and we end up with this purple Z vector. Conceptually speaking, it's not really purple that represents the true meaning of that word in that context. So in this case, whatever we ended up with for novel at that z layer probably means something more like book than the word novel itself. And at this point we have our updated embeddings for each token. So we have new tokens that replace the original ones that capture more of the meaning of that token within the context of the words surrounding it, which is pretty awesome. All right. So those are going to go on and weight the token embeddings as they're passed forward into the feed forward neural network. And that's where the huge mess of parameters and weights and biases live. All the complexity of this large language model that learns how a given language works and how to talk. Basically, one more twist and implementation, sort of an optimization, if you will, is something called multi-headed self-attention. And it's just a fine point really. So I talked conceptually in the previous slides about the q, k and v vectors. We talked about taking the embeddings for each token, multiplying them across against the q, k and v matrices. And mathematically that should give you back a vector, right. So the trick here is that we're going to take those vectors which are very long and reshape them into matrices. The only reason is that I can then process each row of those matrices in parallel. So it's just a way to further parallelize this process. Now the number of rows that we split each vector into is referred to as a head. So the number of rows that I'm reshaping those query key and value vectors into are going to be the number of quote unquote heads that I have in my multi-headed self-attention mechanism.