So what are some applications of Transformers before we get into how they actually work at a lower level? Well, the obvious one is chat. You know, we've all heard of ChatGPT and its competitors out there now. Transformers by themselves don't actually make good chat bots. You have to train them further to know how to hold a conversation, and how to go back and forth with somebody and retain that context from earlier messages. So Transformers are just sort of the underlying building block, the foundation model, if you will. We'll use that term again later that applications like ChatGPT can be built on top of. You also need to build things on top of it, like moderation, making sure that it's not telling you things that are offensive. Right? So it's just the first step for a chatbot. Transformers can also be used to answer questions, so you can train it to take in a string of a question and then some token. That means generate an answer and give you an answer. So just like in the previous slides, we saw examples of feeding in English language. And then a token that says go and translate this into Klingon or whatever language you want. We could also have a token that says, just answer this question And for a deep enough transformer, if you have millions upon millions of parameters within it, it could have the complexity to actually figure out how to give you a reasonable answer to a question, or at least an answer. That sounds reasonable. Right. That's an important distinction with these things. Uh, Transformers are just these giant neural networks with self-attention layers sprinkled in between them. They have no inherent sense of right and wrong, no inherent sense of truth. They have no sense of personal experience. Right. So they're very good at producing text that sounds correct, but it's not always correct. And we have to keep that in mind. Also, you can do things that aren't just generating text. You can also simplifies things and have a layer on top of that transformer that just boils things down to one thing or the other. So you can use it for classification for different types of natural language inputs, an obvious application is sentiment analysis. So if I'm feeding it, say, an online movie review or a tweet or something, I might just slap another layer on top of my transformer that boils it all down into positive or negative sentiment, and trains it on that instead. Named entity recognition is also something else you can use it for. So if people are talking about certain things and the text that you're analyzing, it can map those back to specific entities, even where those entities might be referred to by different names. Summarization. You can give it a big bunch of lengthy reports and just ask it to summarize it for you. Again, it's really not that different from machine translation. We're just taking that state that represents the meaning of what you're feeding it, and turning around and translating that into something more concise. And machine translation itself, we've used that as an example throughout this course so far. So it's also good at translation between different languages, code, you know, Python, Java, whatever it is, they're just different languages really. So you can think of that as just another translation task. You know, being given a objective of what this code should do and translating that into actual code that might do it. Now, in my experience, even with the very best of the transformers that are out there, GPT four or whatever, sometimes it gets it wrong. but as long as you're diligent in testing it out and making sure that it's really doing what you asked it to do, it really can save you a lot of time. And also just generating text in general. So one application there would be automated customer service. You could, for example, fine tune a transformer based large language model on the past transcripts of your customer service calls and use that to generate a customer service. I. Now again, this sounds like a very appealing thing to a lot of companies, but we have to keep that. We have to use that with caution. Right. Your your AI, your transformer is going to be perfectly happy to say yes, I'll take care of that for you, or I'm sending you out a replacement package or we've got that taken care of. But if no one's actually acting on those things that it's saying, you're just going to end up with a lot of angry customers. And if you're not properly recognizing what those customers really want, if they're asking for something new that it's never been trained on before, you're also going to get angry, frustrated customers. So deploy these tools with care is my advice.