So we kind of glossed over the output stage as well. So if we zoom in on the top of our GPT architecture, it looks like this. So we have our final decoder block. And we fed in this giant vector at the bottom of tokens. And we want to get the next token in the sequence after the token. That means start generating stuff. So let's say we fed in while this course is and our job is to try to get the next token in that sequence and complete that sentence, what pops out of the other end is a vector at the end of the day. So it's an output vector that embeds the meaning of what we're trying to say next. What we do then is multiply that with our token embeddings matrix, and the result of that multiplication is another vector that gives us the probabilities of each token being the right next word in the sequence. So what we could do is just take the highest probability token and output that as the next result. And if you set the temperature setting of a GPT to zero, that's exactly what you would get. So with GPT and many other of these transformer models, you have a control called temperature. And that's just how much randomness is introduced in selecting the next token based on those probabilities. So with a temperature of zero I'll always pick the most probable one, but if I loosen things up a little bit, maybe there's a chance of picking something else. Maybe I try the, you know, incredible instead. Or challenging or hard if I really turned up the temperature there. So that's a dial you have for how much randomness there is, and it can prevent you from getting the same response every time, which sometimes is valuable. And sometimes you just want to get, uh, different responses just to try them out. Right. Sometimes you want to just get different ideas and generate new ideas and get as many new ideas as you can by running this repeatedly. And that's how you can do that. So that's what happens on the output end. So we've kind of walked through from beginning to end conceptually how GPT works. You know we start with these tokens. We tokenize them. We embed them into this embedding layer. We then do positional encoding, feed them into this giant stack of decoder blocks where each decoder block is doing masked self-attention and going into a giant feedforward neural network. We stack those on top of each other. Out the other end comes an output vector of what we want to represent For the next token, we multiply that back into the embedding matrix, and we get back probabilities for what the next token should be. That's it. That's how GPT works. So now you know how to build an AI.