So I also want to talk about transfer learning. With Transformers. We generally call this fine tuning and it's a very exciting prospect. So you can just use a pre-trained GPT model or any other transformer model as a starting point, you know, as a sort of base representation of how the language works. So I could use GPT three for llama, whatever it is, and just use that as the foundation that I'm building upon. Right. So that can be the big giant model that tells me how to speak English or how to speak French, or how to speak Python. Right. And then I can further train that with a specific set of training data to fine tune this network for a very specific task. And that is that opens up this whole new world of applications. So there's a few ways of doing it. One is to just feed your new training data through the whole thing from the bottom to the top. Right. Um. That works. Another way is to freeze specific layers and retrain just the top few layers. That's another way of doing it. So that would be one way of training a new tokenizer, for example, to learn a new language, you could just freeze the layers below it and retrain the tokenization step. Or you can add a new layer on top of the pre-trained model that forces it to do something else. And sometimes all you need are just a few and a few examples of prompts and desire completions to figure out how to tune it. So, for example, um, you know, I could adjust the tone or the personality, if you will, of this thing by giving it examples of someone who always gives snarky responses or sarcastic responses if I wanted to, or someone who's just always overly happy. Right. Um, or I could adapt it to entirely different tasks. Entirely. Right. So I could take a language model and adapt it to classification by just saying. Here's some examples of doing that. If somebody says, wow, I love this course, that's a positive sentiment. And just by having another layer on top of this transformer model, I can train it how to take those, um, final representations and translate it into a classification that I want. But there's more to it than that, right? Like, you could also do things like train it on all of your past emails and your responses to them. Right. And you could then train your transformer on how to respond to emails, just like you would. I could train it with the scripts of a movie and train it how to act just like my favorite character in that movie all the time. I can bring that character to life, if you will. I actually did that once. I trained an OpenAI model based on all the scripts of Star Trek The Next Generation, and I made my own actual AI version of data who is a fictional AI? So there's some mind blowing stuff right there. Or you could train it on, uh, customer service transcripts. Right. And fine tune your model to really know how to return responses that are relevant to your own organization based on how people have actually responded to real customer service inquiries in the past. So fine tuning is a very powerful way of taking these large pre-trained models and fine tuning them to the application that you actually need.