Okay, so we are going to practice batch operations in Amazon S3, but first I need to create a bucket and whatever bucket name you give open the file S3 batch dot csv and replace this by the bucket you have. So I'm going to name my bucket S3 batch demo Stephane v2, but because you'll have a different bucket name please change the CSV to have your bucket name. So I'm going to create a bucket name in my region with the normal settings and I'm going to create these buckets. And what we're going to do now is view the detail of these buckets and we're going to start uploading a few files. So the files we're going to upload is going to be the beach, the coffee, the error, and the index HTML files. So we have four files in our buckets and I'm going to upload them, as well as actually I will upload as well the file that represents the file we want to do the batch operations on. So if you go into S3 Advanced, you will find S3 batch dot csv. Now let me explain what is happening. So this file uploaded, we're good to go. We now have five files. So in this CSV named S3 batch dot csv, we indicate the bucket name, as well as the file name on which you want to perform batch operations. And this file is going to be used by the batch service to know on which files to operate. So, we have done all our files in here and we have the batch file here. Now on these files what we're going to do is a very simple operation. We're going to add tags to them in batch. So if you go for example to beach dot JPEG and you scroll down as you can see under tags, we currently have zero tags, so we're going to add tags to these files in batch. So to do so, I'm going to click on batch operations on the left hand side of Amazon S3 and we're going to create a job. Now you choose the correct region from EU west 1 and the manifest format could be S3 inventory report or a CSV file. And we have already created the CSV file. So now we need to browse S3 for that CSV file. So this is the one we have uploaded. So I'm going to look at batch. So it's S3 batch demo Stephane and we'll choose S3 batch dot csv. Okay, so we're good to go. We have this file. So now batch knows on which files to operate on. Now you have a operation type, so you can copy, you can invoke a Lambda function, you can replace all object tags, you can delete all object tags, you can do acl, you can restore, you can do object logs, and so on. So we're going to actually replace object tags, but you can see you have a lot of different options available for you. So here I'm going to say the key is demo and the value is AWS. So we're just going to replace all the tags in the manifest with the key demo and the value AWS. We click on next. We have a priority for this job if we need to. We want a completion report. We want to know for all task or fail task only and whether or not we want a destination for this. So we can say, we can go again into my batch bucket. I will choose this path and I will add batch results to the end. So we are good to go. Then permissions, we need to actually have an IAM role that will allow the S3 batch service to perform this operation. That makes sense because the S3 batch service is going to read and write to some files. So for this, we have a template right here and a template trust policy. So what I'm going to do is that I'm going to go into IAM and I'm going to create that role right now. So let's go into IAM and I'm gonna go on the roles and create a role. And this is for AWS service and the one that I'm looking for is S3. So, I'll type S3. And within S3 we want S3 batch operations. So click on next. Next we have permission policy. So, we're just going to give it good S3 permissions for example, S3 full access. So obviously you don't need to give as much permissions as this, but this is going to make the hands-on very easy. So we'll give Amazon S3 full access, but usually with create a role that has the minimum required permissions. So we're good. And I'll call this one S3 Batch Demo Role. So we're good to go. Let's create this role. And let's also make sure that from the policy template as you can see, these are S3 permissions. So we have all the S3 permissions required, so we're good to go. But as you can see, this is the minimal type of policy we could have used if we wanted to only use the minimum required permission. So, we allow object tagging on any of the resources within my buckets. We allow to get the batch manifest file and we allow to put the results into the batch results directory. So again, we're going to make it simple and use the S3 full access policy. So let me refresh my IAM roles and here I'm going to type batch S3 batch demo role and we're good to go. So let's click on next. And then we're going to create a job. And so now this is going to submit a job to Amazon S3 batch. And so of course if you have a lot of files, the batch job may take a long time, but if you have very few files we just need to have it started and then to run. So, the job ID has detected that four files are in the manifests and it's waiting for me to actually say, yes, please run it. So it's awaiting my confirmation. So as such, I'm going to run this job and then I scroll down and click on run job. So now my job is starting and I need to wait for it to be done. So my batch jobs has now completed, and if you click on it we can see that we have a success rate of a hundred percent. So failed jobs, which is amazing and we can have a look at the result of it. So if I go under my bucket now and click on, for example coffee dot jpeg and scroll down as you can see now we have tags, 1, demo, AWS. And this tag of course, if I go into another file, for example beach dot JPEG has been applied to this file as well, which is amazing. And if you wanted to get some result information, you can click on this, look at the job, and you will find the results, as well as the manifest for this job, which is amazing for reporting purposes. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.