Let's go into some depth on Sagemaker's input modes for how you get that data into SageMaker. This very well could turn up in the exam. So there are different choices here in how you feed your data in and when you're dealing with massive amounts of data. This can be important, right? You need to think about how quickly you can get that data into your training instances, and whether or not you need to actually have space on those training instances to contain all of that data. Right. So if you have a massive data set, you don't necessarily want to have to copy that entire data set from one point to another to perform training on it, because, well, that's going to involve a lot of redundant storage. And the speed of transferring that data is going to affect the speed of your training. You've got to wait for that data to get there, potentially before you can start training. And the default mode of S3 file mode has all those problems. So that will just copy your training data from S3 to some local directory in the Docker container for your training model. In SageMaker, it's simple, so if you're dealing with a small amount of data, then it's a great way to get started. But again, important limitations there. You have to wait for that copy to happen. And you have to have enough space on your Docker container to actually hold that data. So that can definitely be limiting. If you have a massive data set you're dealing with. There's also something called S3 Fast File mode. And this is kind of what's in style for a lot of applications now. It's similar to what we call pipe mode where it's not actually copying the data, it's just streaming it from the S3 source. So this allows you to train without waiting for that data to be downloaded first. So that can speed up the training time because you don't have to wait for that copy. Right. And you also don't need to have space for all that data necessarily either. And this is actually a little bit different than pipe mode because it can do random access. It works best if you're accessing data sequentially, but it can actually randomly access your data as well. So that's why this is kind of the preferred mode over pipe mode right now. Pipe mode is still there though, so if you just need to stream data from S3 sequentially, that's still there for you. If you want something simpler, but it's mostly replaced by fast file mode these days. Another thing to talk about is Amazon S3 express one zone. Not necessarily an input mode of itself, but something you can use with input mode. So it works with file, fast file and pipe modes that we've talked about. It's just a very high performance storage class that only exists in one availability zone. So if you don't need redundancy for that data necessarily, you got it backed up somewhere else. By using S3 express one zone, you can speed up that performance even further for getting that data into your training instances. So that's an option for you for accelerating things. Data can also come from Amazon FSX for lustre. So if you're doing something really massive and you need to scale up to hundreds of gigabytes of throughput and millions of IOPs and still have low latency, uh, Amazon FSX for lustre is probably going to be your choice. So if you're training a large language model with massive amounts of data, that's going to be your go to, um, it is limited to a single availability zone, just like S3 express one zone, and it also requires use of a VPC. Finally, there's Amazon EFS. That's always an option as well. So if your data is already in EFS, you can just suck it in from there as well to your training instance. That does require a VPC as well. So those are the input modes for SageMaker. The different ways of getting your data in there. And it is important to know how they differ and how you might choose them and what the benefits of them are.