Another built in algorithm you might hear mentioned is Lightgbm. And like XGBoost, it's a gradient boosting decision tree algorithm, kind of a building off the success of XGBoost. There's a few variations of it out there now, so it is kind of like XGBoost in that it's based on gradient boosted decision trees, also similar to another algorithm called Catboost, which is also a built in algorithm in SageMaker. I'm not going to go into depth on that one because it's really similar to this one, but Lightgbm catboost both gradient boosting decision trees algorithms, that's the main thing to remember. It's called Lightgbm and not just gradient boosted decision tree because they did extend it with a couple of unique features, one called gradient based, one side sampling, and another one called Exclusive Feature bundling. You don't need to remember that. What it does is predict a target variable from within an ensemble of estimates from simpler models. So again, it's just an ensemble method of taking a bunch of decision trees and sticking them together to do something more complicated. And it can be used for classification problems, regression problems, or ranking problems It does expect text CSV format for training and for inference, and there are some more specifics about there not being labels or headers or things like that. If you read the documentation on Lightgbm not too important, but it is limited in its file format that it can accept, and you can provide that data for both training and for validation. Optionally, if you want to, to make it even better. There are a bunch of hyperparameters associated with Lightgbm, and I'll just go through the tunable ones, like learning rate, which is exactly what it sounds like. NUM leaves the maximum number of leaves per tree can be tuned as well. The subset of features that are represented per tree can also be adjusted as well. So as you have this sort of forest of trees that are being ensembled together, if you will, each tree will represent only a subset of the features that you have. You can control how big of a subset that is. Bagging fraction is a similar idea, but the features are randomly sampled or more accurately, the data is randomly sampled within those features, and you can also set the frequency on how often that random sampling is done using bagging underscore freq. You can also specify the maximum depth of each tree, and also an important one might be min data in leaf, which is the minimum amount of data that can be held in one leaf of one of these trees, and that is noted as being able to address overfitting in your model if that's a problem. For instance. Types. This is a CPU only algorithm. However, it can be distributed across single or multi-instance CPUs, and you can define how many instances you are using with the instance underscore count parameter in your estimator. This is a memory bound algorithm, so you want to choose general purpose instance types over compute optimized instance types. So that would be an M5 as opposed to a C5 that you want to choose for a Lightgbm instance type to be sure that you have enough memory, however, because again you are going to be memory bound.