Next we'll cover Objectivec. And if you remember when we talked about blazing text, we talked about word two vec. And that was restricted to finding relationships between individual words in a sentence. So object two vec is a similar idea. It's an embedding layer that shows you things that are similar to each other, but it's more general purpose. It works on arbitrary objects. So whereas word two vec would be operating on an individual word level with object two vec, you could actually operate on entire documents if you wanted to, or entirely other kinds of things if you if you want. So again, it's just an embedding layer. It's creating this low dimensional dense embedding of higher dimensional objects. So it's basically taking all the features and attributes of your objects and boiling that down to a lower dimensional representation, where the vectors that represent each object represent how similar they are to each other. So you can use this for a lot of things computing the nearest neighbors of objects for clustering purposes. You can visualize those clusters if you want to. You can use it for things like genre prediction. So things that are close together in this object embedding space or possibly in the same genre for like dealing with movies or music or something like that. The usefulness of things like similar items or similar users also comes into play with recommendations and recommender systems. When you're recommending stuff to people, obviously you want to show things that similar users also liked, or maybe show items that are similar to the items that you liked. A couple of ways to do that, but either way, for similar items or similar users, items and users could both be examples of objects that object to that can find relationships between the input. You have to tokenize the data into integers, first of all, so you know you can't just throw in an image or something there and expect it to work. You need to give it a list of integers, basically that represent something else. And what's weird about object movec is that it consists of pairs of tokens or sequences of tokens. So you're dealing with things like a pair of sentences or labels and sequences, for example, genres to a sequence of words that represent a description, customer pairs or product pairs, or user to item pairs. So we're trying to find these relationships between things based on these paired attributes, if you will. And an example of what that actual format might look like is below. If you want to take a look at that So the way that it works is that we basically have two paths going in parallel for each component of that pair. And remember we can have different pairs of different things there. So we have two input channels here. Each input channel has its own encoder and its own input path. Those two input channels feed into a comparator which generates the ultimate label. So for each input path, you can choose your own encoder. And there's a couple of choices. Well there's a few choices here. One is average pooled embeddings. One is using a CNN and also a bidirectional LSTM. So what works best for your data will vary. Obviously the comparator itself is actually followed by a feedforward neural network. So at the end of the day you have a fairly complex system here based on deep learning. And it's pretty impressive what it can do. You only need this high level understanding in terms of the exam. You know, the details are not going to be that important. If you need to tune this thing, the usual suspects for deep learning crop up again here. Dropout early. Stopping the number of epochs. The learning rate. The batch size. How many layers you have, what activation function you're using, what optimizer you're using, what your weight to decay is. I mean, it's just straight up deep learning optimization here. There's also the encoder one network and encoder two network. And that's where you actually choose the encoder type for each input channel, which again can be a CNN, a LSTM or a pooled embedding layer. here's the latest guidance on instance types for object to vec. Currently you can only train on a single machine, so you are limited to one machine. Here it can be a CPU or GPU instance. However that can be a multi-GPU instance. So that's one way to get the benefits of more than one processor in one machine here. For training purposes. They do recommend that you start with CPU though, so ML m5 dot two xlarge is where they recommend starting from. Or if you want to start on a GPU, start with the p2 dot xlarge instance type there instead. If you find that doesn't meet your needs. If you have a really large job there, you can beef yourself up on the CPU side to maybe an M5 dot four xlarge or a 12 xlarge, and on the GPU side, the supported options are the P2, P3, and the new G4 and G5 instance types as well. Those GPU data types are also available on the inference side, although they do recommend specifically using a ML dot p 3.2 xlarge for inference and they also advise using the inference underscore preferred underscore mode environment variable in order to optimize for encoder embeddings rather than classification or regression, if that's what makes sense for you.