Now a close cousin to the object detection algorithms are the image classification algorithms, and you can pretty much expect a question about what the difference is between the two. So where is object detection would tell you where the objects in an image are. Image classification just tells you the stuff that's in the image. So it will assign one or more labels to an image and that's it. It just gives you back labels. So give it a picture of a cat and it'll say, hey, this is a cat. It does not tell you where the objects are, just what objects are in the image, because you don't always need to know where they are, right? It depends on your application and like object detection. There are separate versions of this algorithm for MXNet and the newer TensorFlow version. So there's image classification MXNet and image classification TensorFlow. These are treated as two different beasts in SageMaker. For the MXNet version, there is a full training mode where the network is initialized with random weights, and then there's a transfer learning mode that is initialized with pre-trained weights, and that top fully connected layer is initialized with random weights. The network is then fine tuned with your new training data so you can train it to identify objects it didn't know about before. Very similar to how object detection works right now. The default image size for MXNet is going to be three channel. That's red, green and blue 224 by 224. And that's going to match up with ImageNet data set. That's the reason that exists on TensorFlow though. As with object detection, the specifics will vary based on the specific model you choose from the TensorFlow hub. So there are many, many different variations of the MobileNet, inception, ResNet, and Efficientnet algorithms that you can choose from when using image classification TensorFlow. And you just need to refer to the documentation for that specific model that you want to use for the details. I wouldn't expect the exam to expect you to know all the details of every single model there, so I'm not going to get into it. However, also in this case, the top classification layer is available to you for either fine tuning or further training, so you can still take any of these pre-trained models and extend them to identify new objects that they didn't know about before. Some important hyperparameters. Again, the specific names of them may vary based on the specific underlying model you're using, but the batch size, learning rate, and optimizer, of course, are going to be available. And, uh, things you want to tune, just like any neural network. And then there's optimizer specific parameters, things like weight decay, beta one, beta two, epsilon gamma. The specifics will be slightly different between MXNet and the various underlying models with TensorFlow instance type recommendations. Again, this is a beefy thing. When you're doing image classification, you're going to want to be using GPU instances for training. For sure, P-2s, P-3s, G4, or G5's are all okay, and you can use multi-GPU instances and even multiple instances of multi-GPU instances. If you really need to scale this up. On the inference side, you have a little bit more flexibility. You can get away with an m5 CPU instance or P2, P3, G4, or G5 GPU instances as well. And in all these cases, of course, I'm talking about the machine learning varieties ML, M5, MLP two, and so on and so forth.