Next we'll cover Random cut forest. And that's Amazon's algorithm for anomaly detection. And it works in an unsupervised setting. So it basically it's looking at a series of data and trying to find things that are anomalous in that series. You know what things are sticking out as maybe being a little bit weird. And it could look for things like breaks in periodicity, things that are just unclassifiable. And for every data point, it will assign an anomaly score to that. Amazon developed this algorithm themselves. They wrote a paper on it and they're like really, really proud of it. It seems because it keeps creeping into all their different systems. So it's a pretty safe bet you'll see something about this on the exam, because Amazon seems to be very proud of it and using it all over the place. So what does he expect? Either CSV format or Recordio protobuf? You can use file or pipe mode in either case. Optionally, you can have a test channel if you just want to compute accuracy or precision or recall or F1 on labeled data. Again, this is an unsupervised algorithm, so there is no real training. But you can provide a test channel and try to measure its accuracy against something where you know what the anomalies are. How does it work under the hood? Well, they have a whole video on this available on AWS, but all you need to know is that basically, it's creating a forest of trees where every tree, like a decision tree, is a partition of the training data. And what it does is it looks at the expected change in the complexity of that tree as a result of adding a new point into it. So if you add a new data point into this decision tree and it causes a whole bunch of branches to form off, it says, well, this might be anomalous, right? So it's kind of a cool idea. They're basically using the properties of a decision tree and saying, okay, the fact that a decision tree needs to make a bunch of new branches to accommodate some new data probably means there's something weird about that data point. That's that's the basic idea. The data is sampled randomly. That's the random cut part of random cut forest. And then we train it. So Random cut forest is showing up, like I said, all over the place. It also shows up in Kinesis Analytics where it's available for doing anomaly detection on streams of data. So yeah, it can actually work on streaming data as well. It's not limited to working on batches of data, but under the hood it's based on looking at a series, maybe a time series of data and flagging things that are anomalous as it goes. The important hyperparameters are the number of trees, and if you have more trees, it reduces the noise or the number of samples per tree. The guidance is that you should choose that, such that one over number of samples per tree approximates the ratio of anomalous to normal data. So if you have a rough idea of how much of your data is anomalous ahead of time, you can tune num samples per tree to do a better job of identifying those anomalies. It does not take advantage of GPUs. It's really a fairly simple algorithm under the hood. So you want to use an M4 or C4 or C5 for training. And a C5 XL is recommended for inference. So that's random cut forest. Just remember that random cut forest is for anomaly detection and you should be okay