Next, we'll dive into the world of topic modeling. That's where we're trying to figure out what's a document about basically at a high level. And these are unsupervised methods. So you can just throw a bunch of documents into these things and get topics out the other side. Now keep in mind these are just, uh, artificial topics that the algorithm has come up with. They're not going to be human readable things that necessarily make sense. Anyway, SageMaker gives you a couple of ways of doing this. And one of them is neural topic model. And again, we're just trying to organize documents into topics. And we can use that for classification or for even summarizing documents based on the topics that we think they represent. So it's more than just TF-IDF where we're trying to search on specific terms. It's actually grouping things together into higher levels of what those terms might represent. So for example, the terms bike and car and train and mileage and speed might all be associated with a single topic that might represent transportation at a more general level. Again, the model isn't going to know to call that topic transportation. It's just going to group these documents together. That talk about bikes and cars and trains and mileages and speed together into one topic. It's going to be up to you to interpret that it is an unsupervised algorithm, which again is why it doesn't really know what to call these things because we're not training it on known topic names. But it works. The underlying algorithm is called neural variational inference, if you're interested. For training again it's unsupervised. So training is kind of a not really the right word to use here. But you can do a training pass on it and just um, pass in a validation or a test channel if you want to actually measure its performance on a set of known data, where you know what the topics are, you can pass in record I, o protobuf or CSV data to actually analyze a given set of documents. And those words first must be tokenized into integers. So you don't just pass in raw text. First, you have to actually break up and convert those documents into tokens for each word, and also pass in a vocabulary file that maps those words to actual to the numbers that are representing them in the documents. So for every document, you have a count of every word in the vocabulary, often a CSV file that's separate the auxiliary channel is used for that vocabulary data, and you can use file or pipe mode. Either is fine. Obviously pipe always faster. Where are some quirks about it? Well, you define how many topics you want at the end. So basically the main hyperparameter you have is how many topics do I want to generate. So that will sort of control how high of a level it's trying to organize things into. So it will give you as many topics as you say. Again, those topics aren't going to map to specific human readable words. They're just going to be higher level concepts that are learned in an unsupervised manner. Those topics are going to be what we call a latent representation based on the top ranking words in your documents. So yeah, it's just trying to find these underlying relationships that are hard to uncover otherwise. And again, this is only one of two topic modeling algorithms that SageMaker offers. We'll talk about the next one next. So you should try them both and see which one works best. Being a neural topic model, batch size and learning rate are obviously some important hyperparameters. And also like we said, the number of topics that you want is really the main thing that you want to tune with. This thing that will control just how high or low level your topics end up being. It can actually use GPU or CPU. We recommend a GPU for training because it is a neural network, but you know, CPUs are cheaper and a CPU will probably be adequate for inference.