We just have a few more algorithms to get through here, guys, so stay with me. Next up is PCA, which stands for Principal Component Analysis. PCA is a dimensionality reduction technique. So its job is to take higher dimensional data, data that contains a lot of different features or attributes into a lower dimensional space. That's easier to work with. So again, we're trying to avoid the curse of dimensionality, if you will. PCA is a way of doing that, a way of distilling your features down into a smaller number of features that might not represent a specific thing, but they represent something that's important to your model. Basically, we are projecting that higher dimensional data into a lower dimensional space while minimizing the loss of information in the process. That's what PCA does. So you can imagine, for example, a data set that has a bunch of different features, and we project that down to a two dimensional feature space, and we can end up with a 2D plot that maps those features down into the two most important dimensions that we care about for preserving the information in that data set. Those reduced dimensions are called components. So that's why we're talking about principal components. It's trying to find the principal dimensions within your higher dimensional space that really matter, and those dimensions may or may not align with existing features. You know, it's probably going to be somewhere, you know, within that space, but more or less orthogonal if it's going to be preserving information. Basically, the first component that gives you back will have the largest possible variability. So we're trying to capture the variance in your data in as few dimensions as possible. And the first component, the first dimension that we get back does the best job of capturing that variability in your data. The second component would have the next largest possible variability and so on and so forth. PCA is also cool because it's unsupervised. You can just throw it at some data set. You know you don't need to train it and it will distill that down into its fundamental components. What does it expect either record I, o protobuf or CSV data. And you can use file or pipe mode on either pretty much arbitrary data. So the way that it works under the hood is creating what's called a covariance matrix. And then it uses an algorithm called singular value decomposition or SVD to distill that down. It has two different modes of operation in SageMaker. One is regular mode, which is generally used for sparse data, or if you have moderate number of observations and features. But if you have a large number of observation and features, randomized mode might be a better choice that uses an approximation algorithm instead and scales a little bit better. The main hyperparameters for PCA are the algorithm mode like we just talked about, and also something called subtract mean, which has the effect of unbiasing the data up front, which can be obviously useful. For instance types. It can use either GPUs or CPUs. They're not very specific. In the SageMaker developer guide about how to decide between the two. It says it depends on the specifics of the input data, so you probably want to experiment with GPU and CPU instances for actually running PCA if you care about performance a lot. But again, the main thing to remember with PCA is that it's a dimensionality reduction technique. It can take data that has a large number of features and attributes, and boil that down into a smaller number of features and attributes. Again, those features and attributes aren't going to have names per se, but they will represent dimensions in the data that actually capture the variability of the data that you have effectively. So PCA is all about dimensionality reduction.