The next stop in our zoo of algorithms is factorization machines. So what are factorization machines all about? Well, factorization machines specialize in classification or regression with sparse data. What do we mean by sparse data. So an example that's often used for factorization machines is a recommender system. Why is a recommender system dealing with sparse data? Well, with a recommender system, we're trying to predict what pages or products or something that a user might like. But the problem is that you might have a huge number of pages or a huge number of products. Right? And an individual user does not interact with the vast majority of them. So we can't really have a bunch of data for training purposes that says this user liked this product but didn't like this product, and they liked this product and they didn't like this product. In reality, they're only going to have information for a very small number of products out of the entire product catalog. So that's why this is what we call sparse data. We only know a few things about each individual user, and it's up to us to try to figure out what they might think about all these other things that they didn't interact with, to try to fill in that sparsity. Up click prediction is another example of that, where an individual user or session probably will not interact with the vast majority of pages on the internet. However, um, you know, we have some information about a few pages. It's up to us to figure out which of these huge number of other pages might they click on next. So this is what we mean by sparse data. So this is a supervised method. And again it can do classification or regression. For example you might be saying I want to predict whether this person likes this product or not. Or you might want to actually do a regression of a specific rating value that they might assign to that item. It is limited to pairwise interactions. So as we'll see, factorization machines are talking about the factorization of a matrix a two dimensional matrix. So we need at least two dimensions here where one dimension might be users and another dimension might be items. For example. Again, getting back to the case of recommending items to users, the training data expects must be recordio protobuf format in float32 format. Because we're talking about sparse data, CSV isn't really practical. In this case, you would just end up with like this huge list of commas, because the vast majority of the items are not going to have any data associated with them for a given user. So CSV is a non-starter for this one. How does it work? So basically we're trying to model this thing as a giant matrix. So we could have a matrix that maps users to items. And it's filled up with, you know, whether they like these things or not or what their ratings were. And again, this is a very sparse matrix where the vast majority of those cells are going to be empty because most users have not rated most items. So our job is to try to build up factors of that matrix that we can use to predict what a given rating might be for a given user item pair that we don't know about. That's what factorization machines do. It's trying to find these factors of the matrix that we can use to multiply together to figure out. Well, given this matrix of a user's items that they liked, what do we think the resulting ratings would be for things they haven't seen yet Again, usually this is used in the context of recommender systems, so for the purpose of the exam, the main thing to remember is that if you're trying to pick an algorithm that's relevant to recommender systems, factorization machines is probably a really good choice to look at important hyperparameters. There are initialization methods for bias factors and linear terms, and you can tune the properties of each one of those methods individually. They can be uniform, normal or constant. Again, the details are probably not going to be important, but just for completeness, those are the main knobs and dials for factorization machines. It can use CPUs or GPUs. They actually recommend CPUs for factorization machine training GPUs are really only of benefit if you have dense data, and if you have dense data, not sparse data. You should be asking yourself, why am I looking at factorization machines in the first place? So again, key takeaways here. Factorization machines are all about dealing with sparse data, doing classification or regression on sparse data. It works on pairs of data. So user item pairs, user page clicks, things like that. And it's often used in the field of recommender systems.