So here are some examples of S3 bucket policies. They are advanced and you don't need to know them going into the exam. Just that the possibility does exist. So you can use an S3 bucket policy to grant public access to the bucket, force objects to be encrypted at upload, grant access to other countries and cross accounts, and you can specify conditions on Public IP or Elastic IP, but not on Private IP. The source VPC or source VPC endpoint, and this works only with VPC endpoints, the CloudFront origin identity. So if you want the traffic to just come from CloudFront, MFA, if you wants multifactor authentication to be present, and you can find a lot of examples here and I invite you to have a look at it in your own time. Okay. So if we have a look at some of them that I think are very valuable, here's an example. So this one is restricting access to an S3 bucket. to all principals, as long as they belong to an AWS organization. So the idea here is that if your account is part of an organization, it will have access to this bucket which is a scalable way of doing cross account access across an organization. And to do so, well, it's a condition and you specify the aws:PrincipleOrdID condition key to be done with it. This one policy prevents upload of unencrypted objects. So you force objects to have an X AMZ service at encryption, True. And to make sure that this header is present So this is a very common one, to deny any upload of unencrypted objects. This one is to restrict IP addresses. So you're saying that if the IP is not in the range that you've provided in the condition, then deny and upload it. So this one is an example of the NotIpAddress condition key. This one is to show that a user can list and download objects in an S3 bucket, but as you can see, and this is very important, the list bucket property is applied to the resource ARN without a slash because it supplies to the bucket itself. But the GetObject applies to the objects within the bucket, so the resource ARN applied to it is the full object, it is the full resource slash and a star. This bucket policy is making sure that you do get objects only if you have been authenticated using multi-factor authentication. So the condition here is multifactor of presence, True. So just make sure that you have a look at these policies and make sure you understand their use cases and how they're formed. The important stuff to know out of it is that conditions allow you to create very, very complex conditions for your S3 bucket policies. So that's it for this section, I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.