So now let's talk about S3 replication, but in a cross-account setting. So we want to replicate a source bucket into a destination bucket. So we have an IAM role in the first account. That's going to be the IAM role responsible for performing the replication. So on the destination bucket, we have a bucket policy. And so what we need to do is to edit the bucket policy. And the first set of permissions is to allow the IAM role of the Account A to replicate objects and replicate deletes directly in the destination bucket. So to allow the service role to do what it needs to do on our destination bucket. But you also have bucket-level permissions around versioning to get the bucket versioning and to put the bucket versioning. So that means that the IAM role must be, of course, enabled to replicate to the destination bucket, and the destination bucket must allow, through the bucket policy, the IAM role to do what it needs to do. So this is a classic cross-account setting. But we have one more thing to consider. So by default, the owner of the source object, so the source bucket, is going to be the same owner of the replica object in the destination bucket. That means that when you replicate an object from Account A to Account B, Account A is still the owner of the object but in Account B. So that may be something you want, for example, if you do a backup or something. But if you want to actually give the other account ownership of the object, then you need to do more. You need to add the owner override option to the replication rule configuration. That means that the destination account is now going to be the owner of the objects. To do so, you also need to grant more S3 permissions to the source IAM role. The first one is the S3 Object Owner Override to Bucket Owner permission in the IAM role. And then in the destination bucket policy, you must also allow the IAM role to override the bucket ownership to have the destination bucket being the owner of the new object. So this is an exam question that can come up because sometimes when you do a replication and you don't enable this option and the correct IAM permissions, then the target objects are still not readable in the destination bucket, and that may be a problem based on your use case. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.