Hello and welcome to the preparation course for the Databricks Certified Data Engineer Associate exam. My name is Ramesh and I'm going to be your instructor for this course. I'm a data engineer with over 25 years of experience working on some of the large data projects, including most recently working for Microsoft UK and some other top consulting firms. I hold a number of certifications, including the Databricks Certified Data Engineer Associate certification that I'm teaching in this course. Over the last four years, I've taught over 180,000 students on Udemy, and my courses are highly rated and best sellers. I'm extremely passionate about teaching and committed to making your learning journey enjoyable and worthwhile. The primary goal of this course is to help you prepare for the Databricks Certified Data Engineer Associate Exam. This certification validates your ability to use the Databricks Lakehouse platform to carry out data engineering tasks from basic to advanced level. In this course, you will learn everything that's required to pass the certification exam with high scores. I've designed the course to give you the right level of theory and hands on practice, so that you can not only pass the certification exam, but also develop yourself with the right skills required to work in the industry using Databricks. You will get detailed explanations of each of the Databricks components that are required to become a Databricks data Engineer and see them in action. I strongly believe in learning by doing so, I have designed this course with practical scenarios and small projects to ensure that you don't just learn the theory, but also gain hands on experience with Databricks that you can apply immediately to real time projects. For that, I have included two small projects so that you can see the various Databricks features being used in a real world scenario. The first project uses standard spark programming, and the second one uses the declarative ETL framework called Delta Live Tables. I hope the theory sections and working on these two projects will get you 100% ready for the certification exam. I have also included a full length practice exam at the end of the course, to assess your knowledge and understanding of the concepts gained from this course. By the end of the course, I'm confident that you will be ready to take the Databricks Certified Data Engineer Associate Exam, and you will have the necessary knowledge required to become a real world Databricks Data Engineer. The course assumes no prior knowledge of Databricks, and we start from basics and slowly build our knowledge to become a certified associate. The course does assume some basic knowledge of SQL and Python. Also, I teach the course using Microsoft Azure Cloud, so you will need an Azure subscription. But please don't worry if you don't have one already. I'll take you through the steps required to create a free subscription. By enrolling in this course you're committing to learn from me and advance in your career, so let me give you my commitments. I'm passionate about teaching and the success of my students, so I intend to answer all your questions on time as best as I can. You will also have the standard Udemy promises, such as lifetime access to the course and a 30 day money back guarantee if you're not happy with the course. I see this certification as more than just a credential. It's a gateway to gain acknowledgement by the industry, open doors to better job opportunities and higher salaries, and it showcases your ability to handle real world data engineering projects, as well as a way to future proof your career and a chance to achieve your professional goals. And finally, I truly enjoyed making this course and I hope you will enjoy learning from this as much as I did making it. Thanks for listening and I'll look forward to seeing you inside the course.