Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll walk you through the structure of this course and my advice on how to approach learning from the course for the best outcome. But before that, let's go through the exam. Topics covered in the certification exam. The exam topics are split into five broad categories, such as Databricks Intelligence platform development and Ingestion, Data processing and transformations, Productionizing Data pipelines, and Data Governance and Quality. Here is the link for the official exam guide, which takes you through the detail about all the subtopics which fall into these categories. I've tried to follow the same structure for the course, but as you can imagine, some of the Databricks features may fall into more than one topic mentioned here. So I did my best to come up with a structure for the course in line with the exam topics, and let me take you through those. Databricks is available in all three major cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud. But Microsoft Azure has first party integration with Databricks, which makes it easier to work with Databricks. So we'll be using Microsoft Azure for this course. You will need an Azure subscription, and I'll take you through the process of creating a new Azure subscription and how to navigate the cloud user interface in the next section of the course. Having said that, the exam doesn't test your knowledge of Microsoft Azure. You just need to know Databricks for the exam. If you already have an Azure subscription and familiar working with Azure Portal, please feel free to skip that section. Please note that Databricks also offers a free Community Edition option, but that's extremely limited and not suitable for this course. In the following three sections, we'll go through an introduction to the Databricks Lakehouse platform, the various components of the Databricks workspace. And also I'll give you an introduction to Unity Catalog and how it handles metadata for the data Lakehouse assets. Unity catalog also provides other capabilities such as data governance, which will be covered in a later section. Following three sections will focus on Apache Spark and how to use spark to query and transform the data ingested into the data Lakehouse. We'll then look at Spark Structured Streaming, which helps provide incremental data processing capabilities. We'll then look at Delta Lake. I've covered not only the incremental data processing capabilities offered by Delta Lake here, but also the other features of Delta Lake, which forms part of the Databricks Lakehouse platform. We then have two sections on lake flow declarative pipelines, which used to be called Delta Live Tables, or DLT, which is an ETL framework developed by Databricks to make ETL simpler. We then have Databricks Lake Flow Jobs, which helps deliver production quality data pipelines. We then have a section on Databricks SQL and the role of data engineers working with Databricks SQL, and also a section on data governance, which mainly goes through the data governance capabilities offered by Unity Catalog. We'll then look at Delta Sharing, which lets you securely share data across organizations, and Lakehouse Federation, which lets you query external data sources without moving the data. We then have a section on Databricks Connect, which lets you perform development using local IDE's and Databricks asset bundles, or Debs that helps you package and deploy Databricks resources. Finally, I've also given you a full length practice exam that you can take to ensure that you're ready to take the actual exam. Every section in this course is required for the exam, and the course follows a hands on approach. So my advice is to follow the sections in the order specified and also complete all the hands on exercises before continuing to the next section. In case you are already proficient in most of the topics and just want to learn only certain topics, I advise you to at least complete section five, which is Introduction to Unity Catalog first. This is because this section helps you set up the Metastore and the storage accounts required to do the hands on exercises for the rest of the course. I hope this gives you the required information to help you plan your study. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.