Hello and welcome to this section, AWS Transit Gateway. Now Transit Gateway is one of the top three sections which are important for your AWS networking certification. Other two being AWS Direct Connect and AWS site-to-site VPN. Now, having said that, it doesn't mean that other sections are not important, but most of the questions in your exam will be from these three sections. So Transit Gateway is very important, and make sure that you understand everything that we discuss in this section. And one more thing that I want to mention at this point is that it is difficult to just understand the Transit Gateway and all its features without understanding the Direct Connect and the site-to-site VPN, because in reality all these three components typically work together to build some architecture. So in this section, I have tried my best to keep the discussion focused on the Transit Gateways, but ultimately you will be able to connect all these dots after you complete your other section, and specifically the VPN and the Direct Connect section. So bear with me for this section if you think that we haven't covered the VPN or DX to the right depth in this section. We are going to cover that in the following sections. So I hope that is understood. Okay, so what is Transit Gateway? Now, I hope you already know at this point what is Transit Gateway and why they were introduced. But just to give you a brief history, Transit Gateways were introduced in 2018, and intent was to simplify the AWS networking when it comes to managing the multiple VPCs, and when you have to have the hybrid connectivity between AWS and on-premises network. So one of the key benefits of using Transit Gateway is to simplify the inter VPC network. And let me show you that with simple example. So assuming you have multiple VPCs and you want to have inter VPC communication. Now without Transit Gateway, you know that you would have to do VPC peering connection and VPC peering connection is one to one, which means you have to attach two VPCs to each other. And VPC pairing doesn't provide the transitive routing, which means if VPCA is connected to B, and B is connected to C, then A cannot communicate with the VPC C. So in order to enable the communication between VPC A and C, you have to have the VPC pairing connection set up between VPC A and C. Now that complicates this architecture a lot. Now imagine that all these six VPCs needs to communicate with each other, then how many pairing connection you would need. So the answer isn't simple. If you see this, there are 15 VPC pairing connections that you will need. The point here is that you can't manage the network like this, right? It was very difficult. And that's where AWS introduced Transit Gateway, which greatly simplifies this architecture to as simple as this. So you connect all your VPCs to the Transit Gateway and then Transit Gateway can enable the inter VPC communication. Now in this entire section, we are going to cover a lot about the Transit Gateway. So first thing, it allows the communication between VPCs, as well as between AWS and the hybrid on-premises network. Now, Transit Gateway supports different kinds of attachments. So we just saw the VPC attachment, but Transit Gateway also supports peering connection between the Transit Gateways. Now this is because Transit Gateways are regional routers. That means you can only attach the VPCs in the same region as Transit Gateways. Now if you want to enable the communication between VPCs across different region, then rather you can create Transit Gateway in the respective regions, and then you can peer the Transit Gateway in the same way you peer the VPCs across different regions. And again, we are going to dive deep into this architecture. So that's the second kind of attachment. That is a third attachment type, which is extending your SD-WAN network and connect it AWS network using the Transit Gateway. Again, we are going to see that. And further there are VPN attachment and Direct Connect Gateway attachment. Now understanding all these attachments is very important and we are going to dive deep into every type of the architecture in this section. Now, apart from that, in this section, we are going to see a lot of features of Transit Gateway, like how it supports the multi-cast routing, what's the maximum transmission unit size of the Transit Gateways, how you use Appliance mode, AZ consideration, and how can you share the Transit Gateway across different AWS accounts. And finally, we are going to cover lots of architecture. So Transit Gateway enables you to have the centralized resources to be used across multiple VPCs. So for example, you have a lot of spoke VPCs and you want to allow the internet connection through the Transit Gateway, through the centralized VPC. And the reason is you can better control than the outgoing traffic. Now all those kind of scenarios can be implemented using the Transit Gateway centralized architecture. And in this section we are going to cover all these architectures. How you can have the centralized internet access, how you can have the centralized packet inspection using the Gateway Load Balancer and virtual appliances. And also how can you reach to other AWS services using VPC endpoint, which are also centralized through the Transit Gateways. Now we are covering that because in your exam, you will have questions around those. And at the end of this section there are practice questions. So make sure that you can get the right answer based on what we learned in this section. So with that, just wanted to give you a glimpse of some of these architectures that we are going to see in this. So this is a Transit Gateway peering across the region, and then this is how you connect Transit Gateway to the on-premise network over the VPN attachment. And similarly, you can have Transit Gateway connecting to your Direct Connect connection or the Direct Connect Gateway. Don't worry, we are going to dive deep into all these attachment types. So ultimately, Transit Gateway can connect to all these attachments, and you can also have centralized traffic inspection by putting your virtual appliances into the centralized VPC and enabling the traffic inspection for north, south, or east, west traffic. Okay, so that's what we are going to see in this section. So stay tuned and make sure that you understand every part of this section. So with that, let's get started.