Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now that we have seen that transit gateway can be used to connect VPCs, VPN connection, direct connect gateway, as well as you can have the third party softwares, and transit gateways can be peered across the regions as well. Now, in this lecture, let's look at how to connect VPCs to transit gateway with VPC attachments. Now, having said that the connection with the VPN, as well as direct connect, we will cover that in the respective section when we talk about the VPN as well as direct connect. So now let's look at how VPCs connect to the transit gateway. Now the architecture looks very simple. That should be multiple VPCs and then there is transit gateway. And what you do is create an attachment with the transit gateway. While you create that attachment, you decide this attachment is for the VPCs or a VPN and then if it is a VPC attachment, of course you would have to select the corresponding VPCs as well. Now, in this architecture I'm showing you three attachments and there is a centralized transit gateway. Now there are certain restrictions when you connect VPCs to the transit gateway and the obvious one is that VPC CIDR should not be overlapping. So you can't connect the VPCs which have the overlapping CIDRs. Now with that, let's understand now how the routing happens when you connect multiple VPCs. Now, as I said, with transit gateway, you get full mesh kind of connectivity, right? That means any VPC can talk to any other VPC. So how does it really happens? Now let's take an example there is VPC A, B, and C with non-overlapping CIDRs as shown here, and then you create centralized transit gateway, and then you create three attachment, attachment A, attachment B, and attachment C. Now when you create a transit gateway, there will be a default route table of that transit gateway. Now this route table governs how the traffic should flow across the attached networks. Now in this case the attached networks are VPCs. Now as soon as you attach your transit gateway to the VPCs, the VPC CIDR route get propagated to this transit gateway route tables. So all the routes that means 10.0.0.0/16, and 10.1.0.0/16 and 10.2.0.0/16 will automatically get propagated to the transit gateway route table, something like this. Now, as it happens, now if the traffic from VPC A reaches to the transit gateway, it will look at the default route table and it will see how to reach to the other VPCs, right? And in that case, it can route traffic from any VPC to any other VPC. So that's what transit gateway default route table does. Now at the same time, you also need to make sure your VPCs and the subnet also have corresponding route tables and those route tables have a route to reach to the transit gateway. Now what do I mean by that? In this case the VPC CIDRs' routes are automatically propagated to the transit gateway, but then how does VPC know that the traffic which should go to say 10.1.0.0/16 should go through this VPC attachment, right? It doesn't know that. Now we have seen this all the time whenever you have to connect multiple networks, you also need to manage responding route. So the route has to be managed at both end, the transit gateway side as well as the VPC side. So VPC should also have the route tables and those route table could be the VPCs default route table, that is the main route table, or you can have a subnet and the route table could be of that subnet. Now, if you see there is a route 10.0.0/8, and we are saying that the traffic should go through the transit gateway. Now this is an entry which we have to make manually. It's a static route. It doesn't automatically understand that the transit gateway supports the routing to all these CIDRs, and that will be propagated to this VPC route table, it doesn't happen like that. Now if you remember, if you're doing a VPN connection or a BGP, in that case you can propagate the routes from the VPN to your VPC route table, but in this case you have to manually add these entries. So if all these VPCs needs to communicate with each other, then of course you need to add this entry into every VPCs' route table or say a subnet's route table. Now once you do that, now you can see if VPC A wants to communicate with VPC B, then it will send a packet for example, there is say C to machine, and then it will send the packet like this. Now when the traffic goes out, it will check the corresponding route table for say IP address 10.1.0/15 for example, right? then it will first check its own route table. It says the traffic is part of 10.0.0/8 so it will take the transit gateway route. As soon as it reaches the transit gateway, it will follow the transit gateway route table, and it will check is there a route to reach to 10.1.0/15? And then this address will be matched with the middle route, which says the traffic has to go through the attachment B and then it reaches to the EC2 instance in VPC B. Similarly, if it has to reach to VPC C, then it will take the route via this attachment C. Now this is how the routing happens when you use transit gateway. Now, thing to remember is that transit gateway has a default route table. And in this route table, the routes from the VPCs are propagated automatically. Now you can control basically how this route propagation happens, but as of now that is what is important to understand. And also remember that every VPC and the subnet route table also should have the entry and this entry has to be static. It doesn't come automatically. So you have to make sure that you add corresponding entries like here in your subnet route tables or a VPC main route table. So that's it for this lecture, to just show you how the routing happens. And now next we will actually do the lab where we'll set up this kind of connectivity. So stay tuned and thanks for watching.