Hello and welcome to this lecture. Now, in this lecture, we will see how to actually set up this connectivity that we just talked about, that means we will have multiple VPCs and then we'll see how the communication happens when you use transit gateway. So in this setup, we will look at the same thing that we just saw. We will have three VPCs and then transit gateway. And as you can see here, transit gateway comes with a default route table and the CIDR of the VPCs automatically gets propagated to this default route table. Now, additionally, as I said, you also need to manage the route table on the subnet side of your VPC and in that you should at least have this static entry created. Now for this, we need to have a corresponding setup with us and if you really want to map this to actual implementation in AWS, then we need to just modify a few things here. First of all, as we know, we always work with the subnet, when it comes to the route table or when it comes to launching the EC2 machine. That means within the VPC, you should also have the subnet, which is not shown in this architecture. So let's look at the actual lab architecture rather. So I have just modified this architecture a little. Now, ideally we should just have the private subnet in all three VPCs and then all these VPCs would be connected via the transit gateway and the traffic can float across all the VPCs. Now for testing the connectivity, we first should log into any of EC2 machines, which are in the private subnet. Now for that, I have taken VPC A as my reference VPC, where I'll first log into the jump host so that I can then log in or add an SSH to the private EC2 instance in this private subnet. Now, once I'm in this private subnet, now I can reach to the VPC B private EC2 machine or VPC C private EC2 machine. Now, all this communication would happen through the transit gateway. So this would be your actual lab setup, VPC A would have both public and private subnet. Of course, there will be internet gateway and then public route table will have the route entry for the internet but the private subnet will not have that entry into to the internet. Instead, private subnet will have corresponding route table entry to reach to the transit gateway. And similarly, there will be one VPC and one private subnet for the VPC B and VPC C. And then corresponding route table will also have the route table entry for the transit gateway. So it will look something like this, right? So this is what the architecture would look like, now let's set this up. Now one thing to understand that when you launch this EC2 machines in the private subnets, you also need to have the security group. And in that security group, you have to make sure that you allow the, maybe a ping traffic or SSH traffic from again, the 10.0.0.0/8 CIDR because it's a super set of all these VPCs IP address range. So with that, the high-level steps for implementing this would be create three VPCs and corresponding private subnets in every VPC. Now VPC A would additionally have the public subnet because we need a way to get into the private EC2 machines, so we launch jump host into the public subnet of VPC A and from there, we will SSH to the EC2 instance in a private subnet. Then create a transit gateway and then you have to create three attachment for three VPCs. And then as you know, automatically the VPC CIDR will be propagated to the transit gateway default route table. And then you don't need to do anything there, but on VPC side in the private subnet route table, you need to add corresponding route table entry so that traffic can flow through the transit gateway. Now, ultimately to test the connectivity, you will first log into the jump host from there to the EC2 instance A and then you will try to ping or SSH to the EC2 instance B its using private IP. If that communication happens, that means the transit gateway connectivity is working fine. So this is what we are going to do now, now for simplicity, what I have done is let me just show you here. I already have set up this VPC A, B and C. I already created this two subnets, internet gateway here. I created this jump host. I created this private EC2 machines inside all these three subnets. I haven't yet created the transit gateway or these attachment but just to save some time, I'm not going to show you how to create VPCs and the subnet, I hope you already know that. So let me go to the console and show you my existing state where I am. Okay, I'm into my AWS console and you can see that I'm into the VPC and I have three VPCs here. The CIDR ranges, 10.0.0.0/16, 10.1.0.0/16 and 10.2.0.0/16. Now, if you look at the subnets, VPC A has two subnets, the private one and the public one. However, VPC B and C has just the private subnets. Now as I said, I created a subnet in VPC A because I need to launch jump host in that subnet so that I can SSH from my machine to that jump host and from there, I can reach to the EC2 instance A which is in a private subnet. Now this is just for testing the connectivity, otherwise I can't get into any of the private EC2 machine, so I hope that it's clear. Let's look at the route tables for the subnets. So this is a public subnet, that's where there is a route for the internet but all other private subnet just have the corresponding local route for the VPC CIDR, which gets created automatically. So this is how the setup looks like, I have route tables, corresponding route tables for public subnet and the private subnet and for VPC B and C, I just have it for the private subnet. So with that, the VPC is set up but you can see, I already logged into jump host and from jump host, I logged into my private EC2 machine of VPC A. Now from there, if I try to ping to private IP address of VPC B EC2 machine, I cannot of course, because there is no connectivity here. So I'm already into this EC2 instance A, from there, I want to reach to EC2 instance B or C. So in the security group, I have allowed the ICMP protocol, that means I should be able to ping from any IP from the CIDR range, 10.0.0.0/8. So for that, let's create now the transit gateway and let's follow the next steps. So very first thing, let's go to the transit gateway. You will find that in the VPC console. So I'm here into the transit gateway and I'm creating the transit gateway. The name would be VPC A, B and C and TGW. For the ASN, you can leave it as it is or if you have your own ASN, you can allocate that and rest of the setting, you need to still keep it as default. Now, DNS support enabled, that means it can enable the DNS resolution or the VPCs attached to the transit gateway. And we'll learn more about that shortly, but essentially what it means, you know that AWS automatically allocated as the public DNS for your EC2 instance and that results to the private IP of the EC2 instance. Now the same DNS can be resolved or from the other VPCs, if they're connected to the transit gateway. VPN ECMP support, if you are dominating your VPN connection on the transit gateway, then you can leverage maximum bandwidth up to 50 GB by using multiple VPN tunnels because as you know, VPN limit has 1.25 gbps per tunnel and without ECMP, that's the maximum limit. But ECMP allows you the equal cost multi-part support, that means multiple tunnels you can use in parallel, that's where you can enable the maximum bandwidth. The default route table association, that means when you create attachment, the transit gateway's default route table will be associated with your attachment and default route table propagation means the VPC idea will be automatically get propagated to that default group table. Finally, there is something called multicast support. Now multicast, AWS never supported but with transit gateway, it is supported. It means that any machine can send traffic to any other machine which are part of the multicast group. Now this is altogether different story and we may have another lecture going forward, but as of now, you can just ignore that. So with that, we'll just create the transit gateway. We'll leave the settings as it is and here is our transit gateway. So it will take a couple of minutes for transit gateway to be created. So let me pause this with you for a couple of minutes, maybe one minute and I will come back and then we'll create the transit gateway attachments. Okay, you can see that the transit gateway has been created successfully, now let's look at the transit gateway route table. So this is a default route table of the transit gateway. And as of now, there are no association because we haven't created any attachments and then there are no routes as well. Now obviously, the next thing is to create the transit gateway attachment as we said. So let's create a transit gateway attachment and we just have one transit gateway, so let's select that and here you select which type of attachment it is. Now in this case, we are creating the VPC attachment and let's call it say, VPC A. We will create three attachment for three VPCs and we'll see like the corresponding VPC here. And then you have to select which subnet this attachment will be created in. Now this is important. How transit gateway works is that for multiple AZs, you have to select corresponding subnet. That means if you are selecting AZ 1A, all the subnets in that AZ can communicate with the transit gateway. However, if you have the subnets which are in different AZ and you don't select that AZ at this moment, then transit gateway communication cannot happen with those subnets. Now this is very important to understand and I'll reiterate over that in the later lectures. So as of now, we just have one AZ and one subnet for VPC A that is a private subnet. So transit gateway actually creates an ENR in the subnet and that's why we are selecting that. So let's create an attachment and that's it. Similarly, we have to create two more attachments, that's for the VCB B and VPC C. So this is my VPC B attachment and I will select that. Automatically, it will pick the, there is just one subnet, so automatically it will pick it up and we want to just create that one. And now let me create the third one, that is VPC C and that's it. Okay, now if you'll go back to your architecture, you see here, we have done most of it. We created all these three VPCs, which were pre-created by me actually and then we had jump host and EC2 machines and now we created this transit gateway, which created transit gateway route table and then we created this three attachment. Now ping to verify is that whether the transit gateway route table got these three entries automatically propagated, so let's check that. So I'm back to my transit gateway route tables and I can see here that there is as of now, one VPC attachment associated and now there are three. If you see the propagation, you can see that the transit gateway attachments are propagating the routes here in this table. And if you go to the route, you will see all these three routes here, and you'll see route type is propagated, that means from VPCs, these routes are propagated to the default route table. Now this will allow the communication from any VPC to the any VPC. At this moment if you think, then you can find that the traffic from EC2 instance A will go to the EC2 instance B. Now let's check that again. So I'm just trying this again but this doesn't happen. Now Why? Let's look at the architecture again. So this is my architecture and you'll notice that though I have this route table here and everything set up, my security groups are good, I'm into this EC2 instance A here, but still I'm not able to ping to EC2 instance B. That's because we haven't modified this route table of the private subnets and I told you that you have to manually add those entries. So that is the last piece of the puzzle. Now let's go back to our route tables. There will be three route tables for three private subnets, so let's make sure we are selecting the right one. I'm into the VPC A private route table. I go to the routes there, edit the routes, add the routes and I'll say the traffic is for 10.0.0.0/8. Now understand why we are using eight because it spans across all these three VPC CICRs. Because we are saying A, that means only this is fixed and the rest can change. So it's a super super set basically of all these three VPC CIDRs. And here, I will select transit gateway as my target and save it. Now same thing we are to repeat for other route tables. So let me go to the private route table of B and edit this route table and do the same thing that I did for VPC A. Okay, select the transit gateway and save the changes and let's do that for third private subnet of the VPC C. Okay, I saved the changes. So if everything is okay, I expect now the traffic should flow and you can see it started flowing to EC2 instance B. Now let's also check if it can flow to EC2 instance C, for that, I'm going to my EC2 console and just grabbing the private IP of EC2 instance C, which is this and I'm going back to my console. Let me try to ping here. And I can go there as well, it's working fine. That means from EC2 instance A, I can dish to B and C and the same way it will happen if I log into EC2 instance B directly and from there I try to ping to A or C. So this is what transit gateway does, it allows any activity from any VPC to the any VPC. Now this was possible because we were using all default settings with the default route tables and it allows the route propagations from all the attachment and that's why that was possible. But in reality, not all the time, you will need this kind of connectivity. So let me go back to the architecture. So as of now, every VPC can talk to every VPC, but that's not really what you want always. Maybe you only want VPC A to talking to the VPC B and no communication should happen between VPC A to the C. Now in that case, what do you do? Because if you go with this setup, then you're not restricting that traffic. Now for that, transit gateway gives you more controls in the form of per-attachment route table. Now, how to do that, let's look into the next lab. So that's it for this lab. I hope you would be able to implement this on your own just by looking at this architecture, right? So, thanks for watching and I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you.