Hello and welcome to this lecture. In the earlier lab, we saw centralized transit gateway and then we attached three VPC to it. And then we routed the traffic among these three VPCs using the transit gateway default route table. This is a typical scenarios where you can also connect your on-premise network to the centralized transit gateway and then you get full mesh connectivity between all those networking components. This is what we saw in the last lecture, we had VPCs and a centralized route table of the transit gateway. But in this case what's happening is that now from any VPC, I can reach to any other VPC, like from VPC A, I could reach to B or C and the other way around. But maybe in certain scenarios you want to restrict access between certain VPCs, that means maybe you don't want VPC A and VPC C to communicate with each other. Now, if you use the centralized transit gateway route table, which is a default route table, of course, there will be route to reach from VPC A to VPC C. But then how do you handle this kind of scenarios? And that's where transit gateway supports VRF, that is Virtual Routing and Forwarding, which means that at every attachment level, you can also have the route table. And then you can go on that through this attachment to which all other transit gateway attachment you can reach to. If we want to have this kind of connectivity where all these three VPCs are connected to the transit gateway but then traffic should not go from VPC A to VPC C. However, we want the communication to happen between VPC A to B and also B to C but not between A to C. Here you see that I have a separate route table, which is for attachment A and there is just one route table entry which says, if the traffic is going to 10.1.0.0/16, then it should go through the attachment B. That means A can communicate to the B and of course attachment B should also have corresponding route for attachment A. Once you create attachment specific route table, then this attachment won't follow the transit gateway default route table. This is very similar to VPC main route table and then you create the subnet specific route table, the same concept applies here. Now, what we want to do is we want to have connectivity between A and B but we don't want connectivity between A and C. Our lab setup again, let's see how it will look like. We have three VPCs, we have three EC2 instance in three private subnets and then we will have just one jump host an internet gateway in VPC A so that we can log into the jump host and then from there, we can reach to EC2 instance A and from there we can test our connectivity to B and C. But this time, we would have three route tables like attachment A route table would have entry for attachment B, attachment B would have entries for both attachment A and C and then attachment C route table will have entry for attachment B. Once you do that, A can communicate with the B, B can communicate with the C but A cannot communicate with the C. This is what we want to do. Our steps will be similar to the earlier one, but in this case, we won't use the default route table association for the transit gateway and default route table propagation will be disabled. And if you remember while setting up the earlier lab, we had enabled both these settings. And then we will create three transit gateway attachment for VPCs and then we'll create three route tables as well. And then we'll see how you add the route to the route table so that corresponding routes are created for corresponding attachments. With that, let's go to console and see how to set this up. Okay, I'm into my VPC console, you can see here. And then I have three VPCs that I had created earlier, just that I deleted my previous transit gateway and all the attachments, so it's just three VPCs I have. VPC A would have two subnets, one public, one private and VPC B and C would just have the private subnet. Similarly, I have four EC2 instance, one jump post in VPC A public subnet and then three private subnet in three VPCs as I had shown in the diagram. Now, let's go ahead and create the transit gateway again and this time, we have to make sure that we are not enabling the default route propagation. Again, let's call it the VPC A, B and C TGW and let's disable the default route propagation and default route table association and let's create the transit gateway. As you know it will take around one minute for transit gateway to be available and I'll just pause this video for one minute. Okay, so transit gateway has been created. Let's see if it created the default route table and did it associate? It did not because we said there will be no default route table. And in this case now, let's create the attachments for the VPC. Let's create three attachment with the same transit gateway and we'll call it VPC A attachment, VPC B and VPC C. This is my first attachment, I'm creating it in a private subnet. Similarly, let's create two more attachments. This is my VPC B and now let's create the third attachment. Okay, all these three attachments have been created, but as you can see here, just creating attachment doesn't help. You also need to create the route tables. One thing to again understand is that I'm just logged into the jump post and from jump post, I'm now logging to EC2 instance A so that I can test the connectivity to B and C. Let me do that and I'm just picking the private IP of EC2 instance A and now I'm moving to my console and I just put the private IP of EC2 instance A. Now key.pem I already created here because I had my key downloaded and I'm into my EC2 instance A. From there, let's try to ping to EC2 instance B. of course, I should not be able to ping but just let's verify that. For that, I need a private IP of EC2 instance B, I'm just grabbing that and now if I do ping, it doesn't happen. Okay, now let's do the other part. Let's go back to our VPC console and let's create the table for every attachment. I'm into transit gateway table, let's create our false route table for VPC A attachment for the transit gateway that we created and similarly, let's create two more route table. I'm into route table A and if you see, it's not attached to any of the attachment as of now. Let's do that, let's associate this with the corresponding attachments. Now it is available, so let's create an association and let's have the association of VPC A and similarly let's have the attachments for other route tables. This is very similar to your subnet attachment if you create a sub-net specific route table, then you have to associate your subnets with the corresponding route table. Okay, now I'm just creating the association for third attachment. Okay, what this means is that I have three route table, every route table it's associated with the corresponding attachment, but still this doesn't tell how to reach to other VPCs through this route table. If you look at the propagations, there are no propagation, that means the VPC CIDR address is not propagated to any other attachment as of yet. Let's create a propagation. Look what you want to do, right? You want to connect VPC A to VPC B only, that means you will create a propagation for only the VPC B attachment, no other attachments. Let's create a propagation and this time let's say, I want to create a propagation for VPC B attachment and let's create that. That's it, that means A to B is connected, I don't want to add the third attachment for the VPC C. Now, in case of VPC B route table, I want to create propagations for both VPC A as well as VPC C. First time I created for A and now I create it for C. And now for C, I just want to create a propagation for B, because this is what my network tells me. Once you create this associations and the propagations, you can go back to the route table and you go to the routes. There you will see you have automatically got the route to go to the attachment B because in our attachment B route table, you added the attachment A as a propagation and that's where these routes you can see here. If you go to the attachment B, then you should see at least two CIDR range, one for VPC A and another one for VPC C and that's where you see these two ranges and that's where you associate your route table to the attachment and then you add corresponding route to your attachment in the form of propagations. Propagation means it automatically detects your VPC's route and it automatically adds it here. But if you don't want to do that, you can always create a static route and define the similar entries. The benefit of propagation is that at the VPC end if something changes, maybe you add one more CIDR block to your VPC, then that address is also propagated through the same attachment. If you don't propagate and add a static route, then you'd have to do that manually. That is the difference between propagation and the static routes. Connectivity wise, it looks good, now let's go back and check it from instance A I can ping two instance B, so I'm going to my console again. Okay, I still can't reach to instance B, any guesses for this? Maybe some of you already guessed that I haven't really modified so far any routes on the VPC end. If you go back to the architecture diagram, we just modified the route tables of the attachments but we also need to modify this subnet route table and we need to tell that the traffic is going to 10.0.0.0/8 has to go through the attachment which VPC has. Let's do that now and I'm going to my console again. I'm going to my route tables, I have three route tables for three private subnet. I don't want to touch the public subnet, so I'm going to the private subnet of VPC A and the routes. If you see this entry, this has been created from our last lab and we deleted everything and that's where you see this black hole. Just remove that and add a new route, 10.0.0.0/8 and you want to go through the transit gateway and just save that. Similarly, we'd have to do it for other route tables. Again, go to the routes, remove the earlier black hole and add a route for 10.0.0.0/8 through the transit gateway attachment. And let me do the same thing for third route table. Okay, I save the changes. Let's go back to the console and see if from A can I reach to B. Traffic already started going in, that means our connectivity is working fine, but we also want to make sure I'm not able to reach to instance C, so let me pick the private IP of instance C. I'm into EC2 console and this is the private IP, let me go back to my terminal and here, let me try to do this. And this does not work, that means what we planned is working fine. Just one more thing we want to do is we want to check if we can connect from instance B to A and B to C, that's another test we want to move. What I'm saying is that from this EC2 instance, I should be able to reach to A and C both, but for that first, I need to log into instance B. I'm currently in instance A and I am able to ping to B and I'm not able to ping to C which is expected. First let me SSH to B now and for that, I need a SSH key on instance A that I'll just create again, just copying my pem file. I'm just pausing this video for a second. I grabbed the private IP of EC2 instance B and now I'll SSH from A to B. I already got my key.pem there, I copied the pem file and I'm just going to EC2 instance B. Okay, I'm into ECP instance B and from there, let's try to ping to EC2 instance A first, that is 10.0.1.85 and I'm able to ping. Also let's try to ping to EC2 instance C, let's grab the private IP of EC2 instance C, which is this and let's try to ping to that and I'm able to ping. From B, I'm able to reach to A and C both, but from A, I could only reach to B and not the C. Let's confirm that again. I'm back into the EC2 instance A, you can see the IP address and now I just do ping to C and I'm not able to. This is how we had planned our connectivity and it is working perfectly fine. Now this same logic you can apply to other connectivity as well. If you want to connect your transit gateway to the VP and RDX, then you can also modify these routes accordingly. This is how you can manage the attachment level route table for the transit gateway. With that, I hope you would be able to set up this kind of connectivity on your own and now you understand how to actually achieve the newer level routes in case of the transit gateway. Just remember to delete all your transit gateway and your EC2 instances when you are done with the lab. Otherwise, it will cost you some money because transit gateway has per attachment charge separately, so make sure that you delete all the resources that you create while creating this lab. Thanks for watching and we'll continue our discussion for the transit gateway with the different architectures that can evolve using the transit gateway and optimize network connectivities. Thanks for watching.