Now that you understand how the routing works for transit gateways. As you know, there is a default route table so all the attachments that you have for the transit gateway will follow the default route table if you haven't customized it. Or you could also have the attachment specific route table so that you get more control over where the traffic can flow and where the traffic cannot flow, right. So all these route tables are called typically routing domains. That means you control how the routing should happen within the transit gateway. Now this allows us to come up with interesting network patterns, and right now we just see couple of patterns around how you can organize your VPCs and this route table to have the east west traffic or say VPC to on premises traffic. So let's understand this, right. So here, for example, it's a flat network we want to have. Flat network means all the VPCs connected to the transit gateway should be able to, you know, communicate with each other. Now, in that case, obviously you don't need to do much but just connect all those VPCs to the transit gateway and then have the default transit gateway route table. Now what will happen in this case is that every VPC that you attached to the transit gateway will have a common route table and this route table would have the destination as the VPC address range, and the destination will be through the VPC attachment, and the route propagations will be turned on so that any VPC can now communicate with any other VPC. So in this case, VPC will also have its own route table as you know, right, and this entry has to be made statically. You can't have the propagated routes here. So every VPC would have the local route for its own destination. And then for sending traffic to other VPCs, you will add this entry. Now you could always add individual entry for other VPC's address range like 10.2.0.0/16, 10.3.0.0/16 likewise, but we have aggregated all these routes into one CIDR that is 10.0.0.0/8, and then traffic should go through the transit gateway attachment. Now, similarly, there will be route tables for other VPCs as well. Now that's it. If you have this kind of configuration, then you get full connectivity between all these VPCs, and this gives us one flat network among those VPCs. Okay, in this case, you know, these are static route entries, these are propagated routes, and this is called routing domain for the transit gateway. So there is just one routing domain as of now. Now sometimes we need segmented network, which means we want our VPCs to be communicating with maybe your on premise network, but we don't want VPCs to communicate with each other, right? Maybe you are having some kind of SaaS application where every VPC represents one different customer network, right, so you don't want these networks to communicate with each other. But if there is some on premise workloads running and all these customer needs to access that, then of course you need VPC to on premise connectivity, but not among the VPC themselves, right. Now obviously in this case you will need two routing domains. One routing domains which allows this VPCs to communicate with this VPN, and another one which allows this VPN to communicate with your VPCs, right. So let's look at that. So with respect to the VPC route tables, you would have local routes and then in every VPC route table, you will have the entry for on premise networks CIDR, again, this is a static entry and the traffic will go through the transit gateway attachment of the VPC. So like this. And the routine domain for VPCs will just allow connectivity from these VPCs to the on premise network. So only thing that it needs to have is a route for the on premise network with the attachment of the VPN which is connected to this transit gateway, right, and the out protonation is turned on. So this is one routing domain and the other routing domain in which VPN has to send traffic to the on premise network, it would have the propagated routes from all the VPC attachments. So here we are saying, if the traffic has to go from VPN to on premises, for VPC1 it will use VPC attachment one. Similarly, for other VPC it will use corresponding VPC attachment. Now, if you have this kind of transit gateway routing domains configured, what it allows us is full connectivity between VPCs and on-premise network or a VPN, or it could be a DX later on. And at the same time you have no east west connectivity between the VPCs. Now you can verify this, right. For example, instance in VPC1 wants to talk to instance in VPC2 two, right? So the traffic will be initiated. It will look at the route here, there is no route to go to the 10.2, right? That means traffic will be dropped right there, it can't go further. Now, even if you have a route which says 0.0.0.0, take it through the transit gateway. Then of course traffic will come here. Now at this moment, only the traffic which is allowed from this transit gateway attachment is to 192.168. IP address. So the IP address for this VPC target, that is 10.2.something will be dropped at this point even if you had static entry for, you know, internet traffic. So ultimately this allows you to have this kind of segmented network. And there will be more architectures that we will explore as we learn more components and how transit gateway can connect to Direct Connect, third party appliances, and further networking components. So stay tuned, thank you.