Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now, so far for the transit gateway, we had just a simple setup where we had three VPCs and then we just have one private subnet in every VPC. And then we created the transit gateway attachment using those subnets. Now, what transit gateway does is it also creates the ENR in that particular subnet. And of course that means in a particular availability zone in which that subnet resides. However, there are certain peculiar things about the transit gateway and you need to design your VPCs and the subnets accordingly. So let's see how the design should look like while using the transit gateway. Okay. Now, if you see this architecture, there are public subnets, there are private subnets, and I also have a separate set of subnets for connectivity to the transit gateway. Now, this is an ideal setup where you dedicate one private subnet in each availability zone for the transit gateway. And when I say in each availability zone, it doesn't mean it's an ideal, but this is how it should be because transit gateway has a limitation where if you create the transit gateway attachment in a given AZ, then only the subnet from that AZ would be able to communicate with the transit gateway through that attachment. Now, this is not the something that we have seen earlier. If you create, say ENI, all the subnet in the VPC are typically able to communicate via that ENI. But this is not true for the transit gateway. And that's where if you need connectivity across three availability zones, then you should have transit gateway attachment created in three availability zone in your VPC. And that's what is shown here, right? And it is also good to have a dedicated subnet for transit gateway attachments. Sometimes you also have to, you know, use the transit gateway for centralized IPS and IDS systems or you want to have the outbound internet connectivity through the transit gateway. In that case, it makes sense to have a dedicated subnet so that you can have the corresponding routes attached to this private subnets. Okay, so the Availability Zone considerations for transit gateways. So when you attach VPC to the transit gateway, you must enable one or more AZs to be used by transit gateway so that the traffic can be routed to the VPC subnet in those particular AZs. So to enable each AZ, you specify exactly one subnet, typically in the range of /28, because you don't want to waste unnecessarily the IP addresses inside VPC. /28 still gives 11 usable IP addresses. Now transit gateway places network interface in the subnet using one IP address from the subnet, we know that. But remember that after you enable the AZ, traffic can be routed to all subnet in that AZ only. So resources that reside in the same AZ, where there is no transit gateway attachment cannot reach to the transit gateway, right? So that's one important consideration when it comes to the transit gateway. Remember, in whichever AZ you are creating the transit gateway attachment, only the subnets from that AZ will be able to communicate to the transit gateway; other subnets will not be. So that's it for the consideration of the VPCs and subnet for transit gateway. And now we'll see some more architectures for the transit gateway. Thanks for watching.