Hi. Now in this lecture, let's understand how Transit Gateway works with AWS Direct Connect. For those who do not know what is Direct Connect, it's actually a physical connectivity between AWS and your on-premises data center. Actually, we have covered the Transit Gateway scenarios and architectures in very, very detail, in the Direct Connect section. So in this lecture, I'm not going to go too deep into all this topic, but let's try to understand at very high level how you can use Transit Gateway with the Direct Connect. Okay, so very first thing, what if there is no Transit Gateway? How do you connect your on-premise network over a Direct Connect to AWS? Now, for that you have to typically use a Private VIF, and then Private VIF connects to the Direct Connect gateway, and this Direct Connect gateway can be connected to multiple VPCs in different AWS regions. Now, as of today, there is a limit of connecting maximum 10 VPCs, which means if you have hundreds of VPCs which you want to connect, then this architecture doesn't help. And exactly to solve that problem, you can rather use Transit Gateway. So in that case, the architecture looks a little different. So instead of using the Private VIF, you have to use something called Transit VIF. And as I said, we are going to cover this in very detail in the Direct Connect section. Okay, so what you do, you have a Direct Connect, you create a Transit VIF and you associate this Transit VIF with a Direct Connect gateway. And now you can connect Direct Connect gateway to the Transit Gateway in different AWS regions. And you already know that one Transit Gateway in a given region can be connected to hundred and thousands of VPC. So this architecture provides you that scale. And again, with respect to some limits and quotas, as of today, you can connect up to six Transit Gateways to the same Direct Connect gateway. And on a single dedicated AWS Direct Connection, you can create up to four Transit VIFs. So if you do your calculations, that means on a single AWS Direct Connect connection, you can connect up to 24 Transit Gateways in different AWS regions. Now, again, don't quote me for this limit numbers, they always change, but as of today, that's how they look. Okay, so this is much better architecture with respect to the scalability, again, they can be across different AWS account. That means your Direct Connect can be in different AWS account and your Transit Gateways and VPCs could again be in different AWS accounts. Okay, now before we move on to the next architecture, just I wanted to make a small comment. Whenever you use Transit Gateway, there is additional charge for per GB data processed by the Transit Gateway. So if you ask me, I'm not a great fan of using Transit Gateway when there is too much data being transferred over DX connection because there is per GB data processing charge. So I have covered this in detail in the Direct Connect section where I have shown different scenarios where I have made some suggestion around when to use Transit Gateway and when it is not recommended to use Transit Gateway. So do watch that lecture in Direct Connect section. Okay, now one more architecture, and this is with respect to the security of the network. Now, if you see this architecture, all the traffic from on-premises, which is reaching to VPC is going unencrypted. But maybe some enterprises have the compliance requirement to have the traffic encrypted at layer three or layer four, and in that case, this architecture doesn't support that. But if you just change this architectural a little, you can achieve IP-layer encryption. And for that, what you need to just do is instead of using the Transit VIF and connecting to the Transit Gateway like this, you rather make an IPSec VPN connection to your Transit Gateways. Now how that will look. Now for that on AWS Direct Connect, you should create the Public VIF. Now, Public VIF allows you to connect to all AWS public IPs. And if you know about the Transit Gateway VPN Endpoints, Transit Gateway provides a pair of public IPs where you can terminate your VPN connection. So in this case, from the Direct Connect, you can have that IPSec VPN connection terminated on every Transit Gateway. And in that case, the traffic between Direct Connect and the Transit Gateway will be encrypted. Now, I just added this because we have seen some questions around this scenario and that's where you need to know that. So I hope that is clear. Now with respect to Direct Connect, I think that's what you need to know at this moment. And as I said, there are more scenarios that we are going to cover in the Direct Connect section. So that's it about this lecture. And now let's understand about some additional features of Transit Gateway. Thanks for watching and stay tuned.