Hello, and welcome to this lecture, Multicast with Transit Gateway. Now, this is another topic which may come into your exam, but may not be into too much of detail. So it's important to just know about what is multicast and what are the features available in Transit Gateway for supporting multicast traffic. And then, that should be good enough. So, first, we'll start with very basics, what is multicast. And then, we'll see how Transit Gateway supports multicast traffic. So what is multicast? By the definition if you just Google it, right, you would know that multicast is like sending the packet to multiple destination at the same time. So instead of sending one-to-one message from source to the destination, which is typically a unicast, you are just sending the message once to an IP address and it gets delivered automatically to multiple receivers at the same time. So that's essentially is a multicast. Now, in case of multicast, there could be multiple sources who are sending these messages and there could be multiple destinations who are receiving those messages. So you can create kind of multicast groups. And then, you can define who are the sources, who are the destinations in that group. And then, message starts flowing. Now, for multicast typically there is a class D address that you allocate to the multicast group. And that address should be from the range 224.0.0.0 to 239.255.255.255. So you need to associate one group ID for your multicast group. And then, if you send a single message from the source to the multicast group IP address, then it gets delivered to all the receivers in that group. And the multicast protocol is connectionless based on the UDP. And it's one-way communication. That means traffic flows from source to the destination only. Now, few example of the multicast are like, you know, TV or media. So, you know that you can watch any channel and, like you, there are many people who are watching those channel on the TV. So media companies will use multicast to really deliver the content to all the subscriber of that channel. Similarly, conference calls, group chat, OTT platform. So it's everywhere basically, right. For updating the stock exchange information or transactions, to all the third-parties who are interested, you can also use multicast there. So it's important protocol. And then, AWS now supports multicast with transit gateways. Now, few components of the multicast are multicast domain, which is basically an umbrella under which you can then define multicast group. And then, within that multicast group, you can define members. So member can join the multicast group, they can leave the multicast group. It is kind of subscription to certain OTT platform, right. You can subscribe and unsubscribe. Likewise, you can join or leave the multicast group, so that you start getting the message or you stop receiving the message. And finally, it uses the IGMP protocol for this group memberships, which is Internet Group Management Protocol. So any member can use this IGMP protocol messages to join or leave the group. And we'll talk more about that shortly. So essentially, that is multicast. And if you now look at how AWS Transit Gateway supports the multicast, you have to enable the multicast feature while you create the transit gateway. That means after you create the transit gateway, you can't enable that. So remember this thing. It supports both IPv4 and IPv6 IP addressing for multicast. And then, it also supports hybrid integration with external applications, which means if you want to have the group members outside of, you know, AWS instances, you could also do that. So, you could have your sources of the multicast traffic outside of AWS, and then sending all the traffic to EC2 instances in the VPC, which are attached to your transit gateway. That is possible. Now, for membership of the multicast group, there are two ways typically, static membership and dynamic membership. For static membership, you can use AWS, CLI or SDK using an API call instance in the multicast group, can join the group or it can leave the group. Or if instance supports the IGMP protocol, then it can also use IGMP join or leave messages to, you know, join or leave the group. So now, let's look at how the multicast traffic flows into the VPC or how the architecture looks like, right. So this is a simple architecture that is a VPC. There are multiple subnets and across multiple AZs. And then, you have transit gateway which is attached to the VPC. And then, ENIs have been provisioned into every AZ. And while we created this transit gateway, we also enabled the multicast for this. Now, in this case, you first create the multicast domain, and then your subnet will be participating in this multicast domain. So one subnet can be part of only one multicast domain at the same time. And then, once you have those subnets defined, you can then have multicast group created. A group is nothing but a group of ENIs into your subnet. So you can say, I want ENI one, two and three be part of my multicast group. It's not necessary to have all the ENIs in the subnet to be a part of the group. So it is kind of, you know, your decision, which instances becomes part of your multicast group. And then, you have to also assign the class D address to your multicast group, as we just spoken about. And then, group membership can be configured using AWS, CLI or SDK, or dynamically using IGMP protocol. So you can send the traffic to multicast group. And then, all the members in that group will receive that traffic. And then, this works for across the VPCs as well. That means you could have multiple VPCs attached to the same transit gateway. And you can create a multicast group, which has instances across the VPCs, right. So that means one message can go to different VPCs and different, EC2 instances in those VPCs. And it works across multiple accounts as well. That means, not necessarily you should have just transit gateway and VPC from the same AWS account. So, that's about how the traffic flows in case of transit gateway multicast. Now, you could also do another thing, as I said, you can integrate transit gateway with external multicast services. So maybe you want to send a multicast message from your on-premises application to AWS EC2 instances. Maybe their subscriber of the, you know media or video files, right. Now, in this case, if you directly attach your corporate data center to transit gateway over Direct Connect, it doesn't help. Because transit gateway does not support multicast over Direct Connect or Connect attachment, right. For this, you need to do something different. And what you can do in that case, first, you connect your on-prem data center to VPC using any underlying transport mechanism. It could be VPN, or it could be DX. So let's take an example of Direct Connect, right, or over the internet as well. Once that connectivity is established, you can have your virtual router configured into your VPC. And this virtual router can then create a GRE tunnel with your on-premises router. Now, that is really an SD-WAN kind of network where you are extending your corporate data center to AWS. And once this GRE tunnel is enabled, you can then bring in the transit gateway, and can attach all these EC2 instances inside your VPC, ENIs to this transit gateway and create a multicast domain, and then, can create a multicast group. And now, this multicast router from on-premises can send the traffic to your virtual router, which are part of your multicast group as a source, and then, it'll send this traffic to the transit gateway, and then, transit gateway will then multicast it to all the members in the multicast group. So, that's how you can integrate your on-premise data center multicast services with AWS. So, essentially these are the two use cases. You can use multicast within the VPC and you can also integrate with third-party services. Now, exam perspective, few important things for you to know. So, first, transit gateway support routing multicast traffic between subnets of attached VPC. We just learned that. Now, one subnet can be a part of only one multicast domain at a time. Host, that means ENI in the subnet, can be part of either one or multiple multicast groups within the same multicast domain. Now, multicast group membership is managed using VPC console or CLI or using IGMP, which is dynamic, right. And then, multicast group member can use join or leave messages, which are supported by IGMP, to join the group or leave the multicast group dynamically. Now, in order to renew the multicast group membership, transit gateway issues IGMP query message to all the members every two minutes. And if members wants to continue to be a part of your multicast group, then they would respond to the join message. And then, their membership is renewed. Now, there are other things to consider that the members that do not support IGMP can still join the group using static membership. And that can be done using VPC console or AWS CLI. So in a nutshell, to join the multicast group there are two options. Statically using the AWS CLI or VPC, or dynamically using IGMPv2 protocol. So in case of AWS multicast domain supports few attributes and that defines the behavior how the members could join the group, or which members can send the traffic. So IGMPv2Support attribute determines how the group members join or leave the multicast group. If this attribute is set, then members can join or leave the message by sending these messages to the transit gateway. And if this attribute is not enabled, that means you would have to do that statically using AWS CLI or VPC console. There is another attribute called StaticSourcesSupport. Okay, if this attribute is set, then, in the multicast domain, you're defining that there is a set of sources in the group. Only they can send the message, right. Those are the machines who can initiate this multicast domain message. If this attribute is not set, then any member in the group can send the message, right. But if you want to restrict that, then you can set this StaticSourcesSupport attribute on the multicast domain, and you can designate, like these are the sources who can send the multicast message in the group. Additionally, multicast sender should be only Nitro System instance. Now, what is Nitro System? It is specially built hardware by AWS, which is much more performant. And it bypasses a lot of hypervisor level latencies. It is built by AWS ground-up. And you will see all next generation instances are based on the AWS Nitro System. So only a Nitro System instance can be a multicast sender. But any non-Nitro instance can be a multicast receiver. And in that case, you would have to disable the source/destination check on that instance, if it is non-Nitro instance. Multicast routing is not supported over AWS Direct Connect, or site-to-site VPN, or Transit Gateway peering attachment, or Connect attachment. We just talked about that. And that's where we had, you know, GRE tunnel configured from on-premises to AWS. And then, we could have the multicast domain across a hybrid network. Further, you also need to make sure that your network ACL for the subnets and the security group for the host which are participating in the multicast domain and group, should allow the respect to traffic for IGMP protocol, as well as sending and receiving this multicast traffic. Now, with respect to that, if you have the network ACL configured, then you should have the inbound rules in the network ACL, should allow the IGMP protocol two traffic from 0.0.0.0/32. And this traffic for IGMP query is sent to the fixed IP address. And this is a standard for multicast class D address, 224.0.0.1/32. And similarly, for actually sending the multicast traffic, you need to allow the UDP traffic from the remote host. Similarly, the outbound traffic from your subnets to the outside, right. If your host needs to leave the multicast group, then they need to send the request over IGMP2 224.0.0.2/32 IP address. And then, in order to join the group, they need to send a join message to multicast group IP address. Now, this group IP address is something that you designate when you create a multicast group. And then, finally, actual multicast traffic flows over to the UDP. Similarly, for the security group. For IGMP query, you should allow the inbound traffic from 0.0.0.0/32, and also allow the inbound traffic from the remote host which is sending the inbound traffic. And for the outbound traffic again, for IGMP leave message, you should be able to send that message to 224.0.0.2/32. And similarly, for joining the group, you should be able to send the outbound message from your host to multicast group IP address. And in order to send the multicast group message, you don't send it to individual hosts, right. You send it to a multicast group IP address, which you, again, allocate while you create the multicast group. So that outbound traffic over UDP should also be allowed. So remember this thing at the high level, that you need to, you know, have the right rules into your network ACL and security groups. Okay, and just one final thing. You can also share your multicast domain with AWS accounts inside your organization. Or if your organization unit inside organization, this multicast domain can be shared with those organization units as well. That means the VPCs and the subnets that participate in a multicast domain could be a part of different AWS account, different organization unit, or even the AWS account across different AWS organization, and not just yours. Just that for sharing this multicast domain with other AWS accounts, you need to be owner of this multicast domain. So, if someone has shared this domain with you, you can't further share with other AWS accounts. And then, multicast domain sharing also integrates with AWS Resource Access Manager, that is AWS RAM. And we'll talk more about AWS RAM later when we talk about the shared transit gateways. But overall, these are the thing that you should be knowing for your exam. So just a quick recap. AWS Transit Gateway supports multicast with IGMP version two protocol, which means that the subnets inside a VPC can be a part of multicast domain. And then, host with their ENIs can be a part of multicast group. And then, you can also integrate the multicast domain externally with third-party multicast services using GRE tunnel. And we have seen that architecture, how it works. So, that's it for this lecture. Maybe there could be a question around multicast in the exam, and with the information that we covered in this lecture, you should be able to answer that. So thanks for watching this lecture and let's move on.