Hello and welcome to this lecture. Now that you understood how transit gateway works, and we already covered different attachment types of the transit gateway. Now with this knowledge, we can definitely build lot of interesting architectures, and then these architectures can support different network routing scenarios. Now, one of such architecture is centralize the networking access through transit gateway, and you will typically come across this kind of architecture in the enterprises where there are a lot of VPCs. And then you want to have better control over the traffic which flows through these VPCs. And typically for that you will have a shared services VPC and all the traffic going to the internet or to other VPCs. You can route through this shared services VPC. So it looks something like this. On the left side you have application VPCs, and on the right side you have shared services VPC. Then you connect all these VPCs using the transit gateway. And now if you want to have centralized egress access, then all the traffic will be routed through this shared services VPC. So any of the application VPCs doesn't have their own internet gateway, but rather all the traffic to internet is routed to this shared services VPC. And similarly, you can also monitor all the traffic, which is going to internet or any traffic that flows between the VPCs through this network appliances, which you can deploy in shared services VPC. So here in next two to three lectures, we are going to talk about all such architectures. And for your networking certification exam, these are very important architectures because I'm sure there will be questions around such scenarios. So make sure that you understand all these architectures well enough. Okay, so first use case that we will talk about is how do you implement the centralized egress access using the transit gateway? Which means all these application VPCs when they want to reach to the internet, the traffic should flow through this shared services VPC. Okay, so architecture will look something like this. On the left side you have application VPCs, on the right side you have egress VPC, and then you connect all these VPCs to the transit gateway. Now, with respect to the traffic flow, the most important part here is how do you unfilter the route tables? And that's how the traffic will be routed to the right destination. So if you talk about the route table for this VPC, that is for the application subnet, we are saying that all the traffic to the internet will go to the transit gateway, which is obvious. Now with respect to the routing for this attachment of the VPCs. Now, typically all this spoke VPC attachment will have a common route table because routing requirements are the same. So this route table will look something like this. Again, we are saying that all the traffic going to internet will go through this egress VPC attachment, and additionally we have added this black hole route. Now, this black hole route right now is to prevent the inter-VPC communication. And shortly I'm going to talk more about this black hole route table entry. Okay, so this is a route table for this attachment in which you have route propagated for egress VPC attachment So I hope that is clear. Now for the route table of egress VPC attachment, typically all the traffic will flow back from the internet, and you need to route back it to respective VPCs. So as you might have guessed, this would have the route propagated from both this attachment to respective VPCs CITR ranges. So that's obvious. And now as the traffic from this VPC reaches to the transit gateway, ENI is here in the egress VPC, all this traffic has to be forwarded to the NAT gateway, and that's where there will be a route table entry for this subnet to forward all the traffic. Now for NAT gateway subnet, the route table entry will have default route to the internet, which is obvious. And for all the return traffic from the internet, it will send the traffic back to the transit gateway. And from there, as there is this route table here, it will be sent back to the respective VPCs. So this is how you will configure your route tables. So if instance A here initiates the traffic to the internet, the flow will look something like this, right? And similarly, the return traffic will come back from the internet and go to the originating instance. Now in this case, you know that transit gateway tries to maintain the traffic in the same AZ in which it is originated, so if instance B, for example, here initiates the traffic, then transit gateway will send it to the NAT gateway in different AZ. And doing that actually helps you with the high availability of the NAT gateways as well as your inter-AZ data transfer cost is saved. So this is better architecture where you are leveraging multiple availability zones. So just keep that in mind. Okay, so important thing to know about this architecture is that we have NAT gateways in each AZ, which provides high availability as well as it saves inter-AZ data transfer cost. And in this case, if any of the AZ fails, then also your traffic will be routed to another AZ automatically. Now, with respect to the NAT gateway performance, because we are now centralizing all the egress through a NAT gateway, it shouldn't happen that NA gateway is a bottleneck. And in that case, you should know NAT gateway performance. So as of today, it supports 55,000 simultaneous connection to a unique destination. And with respect to the bandwidth, it can scale up to a hundred GPS. Now, these bandwidth limits might change in the future, but this is how it looks as of today. Now, earlier I talked about the black hole route in the attachment route table. Now let's try to understand more about why we need that route. So this is the architecture. Now what if you remove this black hole route? Now let's try to press down, then what happens if VPC-A tries to communicate with VPC-B? Now with this route table, it'll go to the transit gateway. Now with this route table, it will go to the transit gateway. Now at this point there is only one route that is a default route, which goes to egress VPC attachment. So it will go here, it will go to the NAT gateway, and now because the decision is VPC-B here, NAT Gateway will use this second route here to return back the traffic to the transit gateway, and then it will go like this. Now, this is not very efficient in the sense that inter-VPC communication is also going through the NAT gateway. So you will pay additional cost of the NAT gateway. So rather, if you want to allow the inter-VPC communication, you should add the route table entries right here in this particular route table. So it will look something like this. Now you're propagating the corresponding attachment routes into the same route table, and now the traffic directly goes from one VPC to another through the transit gateway. It doesn't go through this shared services VPC. But in this architecture we did not want to allow inter-VPC communication, and that's where we had added that black hole route. So I hope that is clear. Okay, so this is one of the architecture that is very common, and we have seen questions around this. So make sure you understand all the routes that you see in this route table. And now finally, before we stop for this lecture, you need to also understand the cost element here. Now, centralizing access through the NAT gateway doesn't necessarily give you a lot of cost benefits. That's for the reason that transit gateway itself has two cost associated with it, one per attachment, and also data processing charge per GB. So if you make your calculation, it doesn't really make a lot of difference, but I would say this kind of architecture is more beneficial if you want to have more control over your traffic. And that's where you will see this kind of architecture more in the enterprises where there are hundreds of VPCs, and there is a separate team who manages the transit gateway and shared services VPC. Okay, so I hope that is clear. With that, we will stop for this lecture. So thanks for watching and stay tuned.