Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now, in this lecture, we are going to see how you can centrally inspect the traffic using the virtual network appliances. Now in the AWS world, AWS had launched a new type of the load balancer called Gateway Load Balancer, which works with this network appliances to transparently inspect or intercept your traffic, and then you can route this traffic to network appliances. And finally, that packet can be delivered to your destination application. So Gateway Load Balancer is a special load balancer for the reason that it uses the encapsulation protocol like GENEVE Protocol, and that's where the entire traffic load through the Gateway Load Balancer is transparent to you. And we are going to cover Gateway Load Balancer in more detail in the security section of this course. But in this lecture, let's focus more on the networking element with respect to the Transit Gateway and how do you configure the route table to enable this kind of traffic inspection? So quickly, if you don't know about the Gateway Load Balancer, so basically you can intercept any traffic whether you are receiving that traffic from the internet, or if two EC2 instances within different VPCs are communicating with each other, all those network traffic can be intercepted. Because what you can do is in your route table, you can say, the destination is Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, which are nothing but the private links. And then this private links takes your traffic to the Gateway Load Balancer, which has your network appliances as the target. So as of now, no need to get into more detail here, but just understand that we are going to use Gateway Load Balancer to send our all traffic to the network appliances. Now, in the previous lecture we already talked about how you can have the routing configured if you want to send traffic to the internet. Now there we are just adding one more traffic inspection layer, so it'll look something like this. Now this is the first scenario where we want to inspect the traffic when you send the traffic from one VPC to another. So what we are saying is this first VPC wants to send the traffic to second VPC here, but all the traffic should go through this network appliances. And for that, if you see on the right side, we have traffic inspection VPC in which we have Gateway Load Balancer end points, which takes our traffic transparently to the Gateway Load Balancer. And then Gateway Load Balancer uses GENEVE encapsulation protocol to send this traffic to the network appliances, right? So with that, let's see now how you configure the routing for this traffic to flow end to end. Now, very first thing, your VPC route tables, which are very similar to what we had seen earlier. So there is a default route to take all the traffic to the transit gateway. Next, if you want to talk about the attachment route table for this VPC, then there will be just one route, which takes all the traffic to the traffic inspection VPC attachment. And now here we don't have the black hole route because we want to actually enable the traffic between these two VPCs. But all this traffic should be routed through this network appliances, and that's where we have just this single route. Okay, now, if you talk about the route table for this attachment, then it is very similar to the earlier architecture where hidden traffic will go to the respective VPCs, right, so I hope that is clear. Now is the important thing where as the traffic reaches to this transit gateway ENIs in the traffic inspection VPC, we want to send all this traffic to the Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, and that's where you have the default route, which takes traffic to this Gateway Load Balancer endpoint. Now, once the traffic reaches to the Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, then everything is transparent, which means Gateway Load Balancer will take that traffic to the Gateway Load Balancer. From there, it'll go to the appliance, and appliance will inspect the traffic. We'll send it back to the Gateway Load Balancer to back to this Gateway Load Balancer endpoint. So at this moment, after the traffic reaches back to the Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, it has to now again send it back to the transit gateway so that it can be delivered to the right destination. So if you talk about the route table for this subnet in which you have Gateway Load Balancer and the appliances, then you just need this additional aggregated route to send the traffic back to the transit gateway. So now if you want to send traffic from this instance A in VPC A to the instance B in this VPC B, then flow will look something like this. So it'll go to the transit gateway. From there, it'll take this transit gateway route table for this attachment, it'll go to this ENI because there is this route propagation. Then as it reaches to the transit gateway ENI, it'll take this default route to the Gateway Load Balancer. At this point, it'll go to the Gateway Load Balancer to the appliance back to the Gateway Load Balancer, back to the Gateway Load Balancer endpoint. And now again, it'll take now this route table to take this back to the transit gateway and transit gateway will deliver through this attachment route table to the VPC B and to the target B, right? And similarly, the return traffic from instance B will go back to the instance A. Now, at this moment, if you remember the earlier lecture, we have to typically enable the appliance more for transit gateway at this point. That's because otherwise the traffic from this instance B, which is in different AZ, might go to this transit gateway ENI number two, and then to different gateway endpoint, and which creates asymmetric flow for the network appliances. And that might reject your traffic because for symmetric flow, it should see both the original request and the return packet. So if you enable the appliance mode, transit gateway will make sure that the return traffic will go to the same AZ or ENI in this inspection VPC. So return traffic will flow something like this. Right, so traffic ultimately goes back to instance A, and this is how you configure the Gate Load Balancer for inter VPC traffic inspection. So I hope that is clear. Now, let's add some more complexity to this architecture. Now what we want to do is we also want to monitor the traffic, which is going out to the internet. And in the earlier lecture, we already saw that we need NAT gateway in this traffic inspection VPC to send traffic to the internet from this traffic inspection VPC. So our architecture now will look something like this. So we have added two more subnets in two different AZs and we have provision NAT gateways, and then there is internet gateway. Now, with respect to the routing, there are few changes that we need to do. So most of the things on the left side are as it is. Now, if you see this appliance and Gateway Load Balancer endpoint route table, we have added one more route, which says if the traffic is going to internet, then it should go to the NAT gateway. And on the NAT gateway side, of course, we need to have the default route going to the internet, but the return traffic from the internet will go back to this Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, and that's where we have this aggregated route, which takes the traffic back to Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, and again, it does the traffic inspection for the returning traffic, and it sends it back to the destination inside the VPC. So again, if you want to trace down this traffic, then instance A here originates the traffic, but now we are sending it to the internet. So it'll go here. From there, it'll go to the transit gateway, to the transit gateway ENI in the traffic inspection VPC. Now using this route, it'll go to the Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, and now the traffic inspection happen. So Gateway Load Balancer endpoint sends it to the load balancer, to the appliance coming back from the appliance, goes back to the Gateway Load Balancer endpoint. And at this moment, Gateway Load Balancer uses this route to send the traffic to the NAT gateway. Then NAT gateway uses default route to send it to the internet and it goes out to the internet. Now, similarly, for the return traffic, the traffic will come back from the internet, again to the NAT gateway. Now we know that NAT gateway keeps the internal table with which it knows that from where the original request had come. So it might have the IP address of instance A here, and that's where NAT gateway now will use this route table entry that is 10.0.0.0/8 and send this traffic back to the Gateway Load Balancer endpoint. And again, Gateway Load Balancer will send this traffic for inspection to the load balancer, to the appliance, back from the appliance and back to the Gateway Load Balancer endpoint. Now, at this point, Gateway Load Balancer will now see again in the root table, and because there is this aggregate route for the VPC CIDRs, it'll send this traffic to the transit gateway. And again, using this route table, the packet will be delivered back to the instance A, right? And that's how entire flow happens. So I hope that is clear to you. So I know that there are a lot of route tables in this architecture, but if you carefully look at the traffic flow, I'm sure you will understand why these routes are configured in this fashion. And to be honest, if you understand this entire network flow and you can come up with similar design, then I think that you really understand AWS networking well, and you can definitely crack your AWS exam. Okay, with that, let me just cover few more things around this architecture. And more importantly, this is all about the Gateway Load Balancer because as I said, they are special. So in this architecture, we used Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, which ultimately routes traffic to the Gateway Load Balancer, and then we don't need to do anything further for traffic engineering. Gateway Load Balancer encapsulates the traffic using GENEVE protocol, and it uses the UDP port 6081 to send traffic to the network appliances. Now, with respect to the Gateway Load Balancer, it is important that you maintain the traffic flow. That means originating traffic and return traffic has to be handled by the same network appliance. And that's where if you enable the appliance mode in transit gateway, you get that stickiness of the session. So you typically will use Gateway Load Balancer with appliance mode with transit gateway, right, so I hope that is clear. Now, if you're interested in diving further deep into this architecture, then I'll suggest to go through this interesting blog on AWS site, which walks you through all the steps to configure this network architecture. So I'll leave it up to you if you wanna explore it further. So we will stop here for this lecture, and we are going to talk about more such architecture in the following lecture. Thanks for watching and stay tuned.