(upbeat music) Instructor: So we saw how we can remove, replace, and add keys to a dictionary. Let's now take a look at how we can perform those operations on a list. So I've got a deployment configuration here, and at the bottom of the deployment configuration, I've got one container with the name of nginx and an image of nginx. And it's important to understand that the container section expects a list. So that's why you see that dash before the name. So you can have more than one container. I only have one in this case, but you can have as many as you'd like. So let's see how we can change the name in the image of this specific container here. So if we take a look at our kustomization.yaml file, we're gonna have the target as usual that's gonna target this specific Kubernetes object by providing the kind and the name. The patch section under operation, we're gonna have a replace operation 'cause we're gonna replace the name and the image. Now, this is where it gets interesting, the path, right? To get to containers, you have to go under spec, then template, then spec, then containers, and then something interesting happens. We have a zero. So what does this zero mean? Well, the number at the end of the path represents the index of the container you wanna change. So remember, this is a list, so you can have more than one container, and the index is going to represent which item in that list you wanna update. And so if you've ever worked with a programming language, you know that when it comes to a list or an array, the first item in that list is always going to be have an index of zero. So it starts counting from zero. The second one is going to be a one, the third one is going to be a two, and the fourth one is gonna be a three, and so on. So we only have one container, but that's going to be both the first and the last container. And since this is the first container, it's going to have an index of zero. So this is going to tell customize, I wanna change the first container, which is gonna be that nginx container. And then I specify the new name and the new image under the value section. And if you take a look at the final result, we can see that is now changed to haproxy for both the image and the name. So let's now take a look at how we can replace a container or replace an item in a list using a strategic merge patch. And so I've got the same deployment configuration with the same nginx container. And so I wanna update the image of this container. So I've got my kustomization.yaml file that's going to point to the label-patch.yaml file. And if you take a look at the label-patch.yaml file, you'll see that under the container section, I specify the name of the container that I wanna change, which is going to be nginx. And then I provided the new image of haproxy, and that's going to update the image. So let's now take a look at how we can add an item to a list using a Json6902 patch. So once again, I have my deployment configuration with one container and that's gonna be my nginx container. And I wanna add a second container to this list. So how do I do that? Well, in my kustomization.yaml file, the first thing that I'm gonna need to change is the operation. So it's going to be set to add because I wanna add a container. And then the next thing that you probably have noticed that's probably sticking out a little bit is that at the end of my path I have this dash. So what does that mean? All right, it looks like a typo, but in fact I want that there. So what the dash means is, well first of all, at the end of the path, you have to specify where do you wanna add the container in the list. So where in the order? The dash just means I wanna add it at the end of the list. So it's going to put it in after the nginx container. But I could also specify a specific index for where I wanna add it to. So if I wanna add it to the front of the list, I would provide an index of zero. 'Cause remember, arrays and lists start with an index of zero. If I wanna make it the second item, I would give it a value of one, an index of one. But since the order doesn't really matter in this case, I'm just gonna add it at the end. That's why I have the dash. Then we provide the values as usual. So I'm gonna set the name to haproxy and the image to haproxy. And then finally, when we take a look at the final configuration, you can see that we now have two containers, one called nginx and one called haproxy. Adding an item to a list using a strategic merge patch is going to be just as simple. So once again, we've got one specific container here with the name of web and an image of nginx. And I'm going to use a separate file to list out my patches. So I've got my label-patch.yaml, and all we have to do is just specify the new container we wanna add. So here I'm adding a new container with the name of haproxy and an image of haproxy. So when we merge the two configs together, it's going to see that there's a container from the original configuration called web, and then there's a container from the patch called haproxy. These are two containers, so it's gonna merge it together and we're gonna end up having two containers in our array. So now let's move on to deleting items from the list using a Json6902 patch. And so I'm gonna start off with two containers and I wanna delete the container with the name of database. So in my kustomization.yaml file, I'm gonna change the operation to be a remove. And then I'm going to provide the index of the container I wanna remove. So we have two containers and I wanna grab the second one. So that's going to be an index of one. Remember, we always start counting at zero. So the web container is going to be an index of zero. The second container, the database one, is going to be an index of one. And then we don't need to provide a value because this is a remove operation. And if we take a look at the final result, we can see that we just have one container. Okay, so now let's see how we can delete an item from a list using a strategic merge patch. So once again, we've got two containers and we wanna delete the container called database. And so if we take a look at our label-patch.yaml, you're gonna notice something a little bit different. If you take a look at the container section, you're gonna see this interesting symbol, you're gonna see the $patch and then delete. So when you're dealing with the strategic merge patch, right, we're listing out all of the Kubernetes configs that we wanna change. Well, how do we list out that we want to delete something? If I don't include it, then customize just thinks that I don't wanna do anything. So how do I tell it I want to delete something? Well, I have to use the delete directive, and that's what that $patch is. So I use $patch, and then I say delete. And then under it, I give it exactly what I wanna delete. So I wanna delete the container with the name of database, and that's going to delete that container and we're gonna end up with just one container at that point.