Welcome to the next section where we're going to talk about securing access to your data that's stored in Amazon S3. Now, securing your data in Amazon S3 is of the utmost importance. First, it's going to protect our intellectual property. A lot of valuable data, such as things like intellectual property and sensitive business information, is going to be stored on Amazon S3. Any kind of data breach could lead to significant financial loss and a competitive disadvantage for your organization in the marketplace. Now, data security is also integral to maintaining customer trust. Now, with these data breaches becoming increasingly common, almost seems like every day ensuring data security in Amazon S3 is really going to be crucial to maintaining customer trust and safeguarding the reputation of your business. Now, of course, data security can also mean regulatory compliance depending on which industry that you're in. Many industries are required by law to secure customer data. Now, data security in S3 helps companies meet these legal obligations and really helps avoid all those potential penalties. Now, data security also helps us mitigate financial risks. The costs associated with these data breaches that we're talking about, including fines, notification costs, lawsuits, loss of business. It can really be crippling to organizations. So implementing a strong data security posture in S3 can really help mitigate those risks. And finally, digital transformation, everyone's favorite buzzword. As more and more organizations embrace this digital transformation, the volume of data stored in services like Amazon S3 definitely increases. Strong data security is really a prerequisite for successful digital transformation. As organizations continue to revamp their business and go completely digital in terms of providing services for their customer. So let's talk about Amazon S3 security. Now, in this course, I've broken up security topics into two separate topics. This section that we're talking about now is securing access to your data. And we're really talking about how to apply permissions object and bucket settings, access control, policy conditions, all of those different features that you would configure yourself in order to secure access to your data. Now, in the next section, we're going to talk about protecting your data. And that's a little bit different after you secured access to your data, determining who can access it, what groups is it publicly accessible? How do we actually protect our data when it's stored in Amazon? S3 So in that section, we're going to be talking about encrypting your data. We'll talk about data recovery, talk about replication versioning things, really focus on protecting your data. I've split it into two categories here, and we're going to be talking about securing access to your data in this section. Let's break it down and talk about the threats to data security in S3. Now, I would say one of the largest threats to data being stored in S3 is misconfigured buckets, misconfigured bucket policies, ACLs, all those good things. One of the most common threats by far to data security in S3 is going to be these misconfigured bucket policies which can leave data exposed and accessible to the public. You may want to make some data accessible to the public, but I would say the majority of people do not. And so we've seen time and time again that you've had all these data leaks. A lot of times in the media you'll see it called a breach or a compromise. Well, it's really that somebody has accidentally exposed data by mis configuring, say, an Amazon S3 bucket and made that accessible to the public by accident. So that is probably one of the number one reasons why organizations accidentally expose data. The second threat to security is access management errors. So incorrectly granting permissions, not removing old user credentials or just failing to manage roles correctly can lead to unauthorized access. Now, that could be unauthorized access within your organization. So you may have folks in your organization that, well, maybe they're accessing data that they shouldn't. Maybe it's HR related, maybe it's legal holds, maybe it's executive documents that shouldn't be accessed by everyone. Access management errors happen incorrectly. Granting those permissions to different users within your organization Insider threats is another threat to data security, whether it's due to malicious intent or negligence. Insider threats definitely pose a significant risk to organizations. Now, these may include employees, contractors, or just anyone with. Authorized access to your S3 data that's doing something with that data that they shouldn't do. So that's insider threats. Now, another threat is malware and ransom attacks. If an attacker is able to upload malicious software to an S3 bucket, well, they can potentially compromise data or hold it to ransom. Definitely something that we don't want to happen. And the last threat I mentioned on here are data leaks and accidental deletion human errors. Generally, it's going to be a human that's going to be configuring buckets. Now, you may be automating that with something like TerraForm or CloudFormation or something like that, maybe even the API. But human errors happen and sometimes those human errors cause accidental deletion of your data and that can lead to data leaks or loss of data which may significantly impact an organization. So here's just a number of different threats to keep in mind when we're going through this section and understanding how all these different features of securing our S3 buckets may come into play to help prevent these threats that we're talking about from happening within your organization. When we're talking about security in AWS in general, well, you're not alone. AWS plays a role in securing your data. So AWS has the responsibility for security of the cloud. They are responsible for securing things like storage paths, edge locations, their data centers, all that good stuff. This includes the protection of all the underlying infrastructure, like all the hardware, software and networking and facilities that run all of AWS services. Now you as the customer, have a responsibility of security in the cloud. And while AWS manages the foundation, you as the customer are responsible for security in the cloud. Now, this involves safeguarding your data, managing identities, access management and managing client side data encryption. Among other things, you are responsible for taking advantage of all the features and security options that AWS makes available to you. So we have this shared responsibility, and it's really your first step in mastering AWS. S3 security. It's between you and AWS. It's a cooperative effort where both and customers have roles to play in order to ensure complete security in AWS. So we take a look at the shared responsibility model here. AWS has responsibility of all the foundational components compute network storage, the data centers, the regions, all those good things. Now, in this case, of course, they have responsibility of managing storage, managing the AWS S3 platform. They are responsible for securing that platform as a whole. However, you as a customer are responsible for things like server side encryption. Amazon makes those features available to you and it's up to you to take advantage of configuring those. You as a customer are responsible for things like client side data encryption. If you want data integrity authentication, you as a customer must take advantage of the feature set that makes available to you in order to configure that correctly. Platform Applications, Identity and Access Management again things you are responsible for. And finally, customer data. Obviously, if you are bringing customer data to AWS, you have to be comfortable with using the security features that Amazon S3 provides you. If not, you can actually encrypt your data before you place it on S3 If you don't want to take advantage of things like server side encryption. Again, shared responsibility model takes care of part of it. You as a customer are responsible for the other half of it. Now, when we talk about securing access to your data, it's really a matter of managing permissions and leveraging the security features that the service offers. Your data security largely depends on proper management of things like permissions, ensuring that only the individuals that have access to the data are the ones that do have access to that data. S3 integrates with things like Iam, and that really enables you to set up user permissions and policies to control who can access your data and the actions that can perform with it, such as read, write, delete. ET cetera. Additionally, S3 also provides you things with ACLs and bucket policies to manage access to your S3 buckets and all the objects inside of them that offers you an additional layer of security. It also offers different layers of encryption options in order to secure your data at rest and of course in transit, which helps safeguard all that data from unauthorized access. And lastly, AWS provides logging and monitoring tools which are really crucial for detecting things like unusual activities. Establishing auditing logs and troubleshooting errors. And this really helps further fortify all this data security. So while we're going to mainly focus on security aspects that allow or deny access to your data, but you can use all these features and controls to create this really comprehensive security strategy for your data that you're going to be storing in Amazon S3. Let's talk about the basics of managing access now. Buckets and objects are going to be our primary Amazon S3 resources that we're going to work with. We've already learned about buckets and objects. By default, only the resource owner can access these resources. And the resource owner really refers to the AWS account that created the resource. So for example, the AWS account that you used to create a bucket and upload objects would own those resources. Now if you upload an object using an Amazon Iam user or role credentials, well the AWS account that that user or role belongs to will still own that account. A bucket owner can grant cross-account permissions to another account. So for example, users that live in a completely separate accounts and those users can upload objects to the bucket. Now, in that case, in the case that a user in another account uploads an object into a bucket, the AWS account that uploads objects own those objects. So if I have a bucket in my account and then I provide you with permission to upload objects into my bucket, whenever you upload objects into the bucket that lives in my account, your account would actually own those objects. Now, there are a few exceptions to that. So if the bucket owner pays the bills, the bucket owner can deny access to any of the objects or it can delete any of the objects in the bucket, regardless of who does own them. The bucket owner can also archive any objects and restore any archived objects regardless of who owns them. Really. Archival in this case refers to the storage class that's used to store our objects. So a little bit about basics of managing access. Remember, whatever accounts or user within that account uploads or creates an object, whether it's a bucket or objects in that bucket, that account is going to own the object itself or the resource. Let's see how we provide access to S3. So we've kind of broken out into resource based security and then we have user based security. Now under resource based security, we have things like bucket policies. These are bucket wide rules that are configured directly in the S3 console. Those apply directly to the bucket and you can write bucket policies to every single bucket that you want to and their bucket wide rules. We have object ACLs, which are fine grained controls that we can use to manage access. We have bucket ACLs, which those are also bucket wide rules that are configured directly in the S3 console. However, those were kind of deprecated a long time ago, so they're rarely used today and that's really the same with ACLs, but we'll talk about that. We also have a way to manage bucket ownership. We just talked about bucket ownership before. Remember when I said whoever creates the object, whether it's a bucket or it's an object, owns that object? Well, we can actually modify that. We can actually say, okay, I want the owner of the bucket to own all objects inside of the bucket. Regardless of who uploads that object, we do have that option. And finally, we have user based security. So the four on the left are really security features that are configured inside of Amazon. S3 Then if we want to control access to Amazon S3 resources using Iam, we can actually do that as well. We can use our traditional Iam policies to control what should be allowed for a specific user or a role directly from Iam. So we have that option as well. So these are all kind of the categories that we're going to talk about in this section and we're going to go over each one of these and showcase how each one of these helps us provide access to our resources in Amazon S3.