The next topic that we're going to talk about is bucket policies. Now, bucket policies are really going to provide the option for us to grant permissions to our S3 resources. So let's take a look. So let's go over an introduction to bucket policies. Again, these bucket policies are a feature of Amazon S3 that allow us to grant permissions to Amazon S3 resources. And again, when I say resources, I mean buckets and objects. Now, policies are going to really be made up of different statements, and these statements can permit or deny actions for an Amazon S3 resource in the same account where you're creating it or cross-account access. You can have users within your account that are accessing the bucket, or you can use a bucket to provide cross-account access, meaning a user in another account. And that other account could be one of your accounts, or it could be my account, just depending on the security settings that you set up. Now bucket policies are going to be attached directly to an S3 bucket. You're going to go into S3 and modify or add your bucket policy, and these bucket policies will apply to all the objects within the bucket unless they're overridden by these object level ACLs that we'll talk about later. Policies can be used to control things like read and write, access delete. It can be used to restrict access based upon an IP address or a VPC. We can use policies to enforce SSL. We can use policies to determine what storage class we want different users to write to. There's a lot of different types of features within our policies that we can use to really provide fine grained control over what they can access inside of our bucket. Now bucket policies can be up to 20 K in size. If you compare that to our traditional Iam policies, which can only be five K in size, it's really four times as less bucket policies can be pretty large. So this size limit may be useful for you if you have large policy statements. Since these bucket policies are designed to gate access at the resource level, the increased size of the policy statement allows you to add many more controls to your policy. That's a reason why they were up to four times as large as a traditional Iam policy. Let's take a look at bucket policies. Meet the policy. These policies are written in Json. These policies are well, they're very, very similar, almost identical to your traditional Iam policies that you may be used to writing already. The purpose of bucket policies to manage access to your S3 bucket and the location directly attached to the bucket itself. So we're going to modify the bucket policy. We'll write on the bucket. So let's take a look to see what this looks like. Now, again, notice this policy statement looks quite similar to what a user might apply in an Iam role or user. This is the neat part about bucket policies is they allow the user to use the same policy statement format but apply for permissions on the bucket instead of at the user role. That's why we were talking about that. A bucket policy is a resource based security feature versus a user based feature because we're writing this policy directly on the bucket itself. So let's break down this one really quickly. First thing we have is the resource. What do we have access to? Well, in this case we have a bucket called Amazon S3 Deep-dive forward slash star. And the star applies to every object in the bucket, including any prefixes that we may have in that bucket. So the next one is the action block. And the action block is going to signify the set of actions that we're going to allow or deny. So in this case, we're saying, okay, the action is S3 get object, which is since read an object and also put object, which is the keyword for write. So in this case, if we were to apply this policy to a bucket, well, whatever user this applied to would be able to read anything in the bucket and it would also be able to write anything to this bucket. Now the principal block here really defines what account or user this applies to. Now, in this case, we just have a star here. A star indicates anybody, meaning public access. It can be unauthenticated users like users on the Internet, or it could be anybody inside of our account. Now, the effect block here will signify if these actions should be allowed or denied on the object itself so we can have either allow or deny here. Now, the SED up here at the top is just. Optional is just a descriptor for our rule here. So it's really an open string that we can write anything so you can make that meaningful for you if you want. That's kind of the anatomy of our bucket policy. Kind of broke it down and showcase all the different configurations here, all the different blocks or stanzas that make up our bucket policy. So with our example here, let's take a look. We have a bucket and our bucket is Amazon S3 Deepdive The region is US East one and then we have a user. This user wants to access our objects in our bucket and this user is at home now. In this case, this user does not have credentials for our account. So we need to ensure this user can access our bucket across the public internet. So in this case, we're going to take the policy that we just looked at and we're going to apply that bucket policy directly to our Amazon S3 Deepdive Bucket. And once we do that, the user will be able to access our objects or upload objects across the Internet without having to authenticate. So that's how this bucket policy is going to work and that's how we can make objects publicly accessible if we need to using a bucket policy. Now, of course, a bucket policy doesn't have to always make an object publicly accessible where we had the star back there for the principle, well, we can have roles, we can have our internal groups, we can have users, and we would only allow authenticated users within our account access to our bucket. So bucket policy can allow access to a bucket for our internal users, maybe members of our organization that can have access into our AWS accounts and bucket policies can also provide access to objects that are publicly available, meaning anybody can get access to it. So how do we develop bucket policies? Well, personally I like to use just Microsoft vs Code. You can use any editor of your choice there. Now, in this case, just showing what it looks like in VS code. I've got a couple different Json files here which are our bucket policies. I use the VS code extension called Prettier by the way, and that makes it a lot easier to manage all those open curly braces and brackets and things like that makes it easier to determine which ones are open, which ones are closed and all that good stuff. Now another place that you can go ahead and add bucket policies is, well, you can just develop them straight in the console if you want to. If you're in the AWS management console in the S3 console, well, when you are editing your bucket policy, you have an open text box and you can type them in right there. You can also use a sort of a tutorial or a wizard by clicking add new statement over there on the right. Now, the last place I want to showcase where you can develop bucket policies is this website and it is a policy generator. Now at the top there you see select type of policy. There are about 4 or 5 different types of policies that you can use. This policy generator to help you write, but one of them happens to be an S3 bucket policy. So if you are more comfortable using click ops, if you want to use something in the UI in order to create your bucket policy, maybe you're just starting out and you're just starting to understand how to write policies. That's totally fine. Everyone's got to start somewhere. It's probably where I started as well, but you can simply go down to step two and start adding your statements. Do you want this effect to be allow or deny you click the checkbox. What's the principle? Do I want to allow a specific user or a role in my account? You would simply add that there or do I just hit star there? And it's a policy that provides public access to whatever resources I'm going to add under actions. You can select that dropdown list and you can choose things like get object, put object list, object list buckets. It's got all of the API actions specifically for Amazon S3 for you to choose. And then finally at the bottom you can choose the Amazon resource name, the Arn of the resource that you want to manage access to our bucket, more than one bucket. You can actually put a bunch of different options in there if you want to. So if you have four buckets that you want to allow access to, you can add those arms down there at the bottom that are separated by a comma, and it would simply create your policy for you. So once you fill all that out, you hit add statement and it's going to create your policy for you. And once you hit finish, it's going to pop up a box. It's going to allow you to simply copy that. Then you can go into the AWS console and go into S3 and simply paste that inside of the bucket policy configuration. Again, three ways to develop. You can develop directly using your favorite editor. I like vs code. You can do it directly in the management console and the S3 console where you're going to edit the policy. Or you can use this policy generator here. We've talked a lot about policies, but what. Actions can actually allow. We saw two examples before where I had both git object and put object, and those are very common user based actions. So we have things like git object, put object, maybe list buckets, list objects, delete objects, create multi-part upload, upload part. Those are really common user based actions. I'm going to provide those permissions to a user or maybe even application in order to perform these functions. Now keep in mind I called it user based options because these are things that someone would do when they're interacting directly with an S3 bucket and not something that somebody would do if they were performing like administrative work on an S3 bucket. I didn't include Create Bucket or Delete Bucket or those kind of things. I'm only talking about common user actions that we would maybe apply to a bucket policy to allow a user or an application to do something with a bucket. Now the last thing I'll point out here is the URL down here at the bottom that showcases our Amazon S3 API operations. That's going to list out every single API action that we can perform on an S3 bucket. Again, on the slide. We're just showing common user actions here. So what about our effect options? We know what actions we can allow. Now what about effect options? Well, we have the option to allow or deny very, very simple here. Note that if you don't explicitly grant access to a resource like using an allow, access will be implicitly denied. If you don't go in there, say, Hey, this user in my organization has access to it. By default, that user will be denied access unless you explicitly grant access to that. Now, what about resources? Well, our resources, like we said, define the buckets, the objects, the access points and jobs for Amazon S3 resources that the policy will apply to. In this case, we're going to use the Amazon resource name to identify resources. Way back earlier in the course, we talked about the different types of object names that we may run into when we're working with AWS, specifically with S3, we talked about there's an Arn, there's different URLs, all that good stuff. In this case, we're going to use the Arn to identify the resources. Now you can list more than one resource in a policy. You just want to open a square bracket and you would have each one of your resources in quotes separated by a comma. So you would have as x x, you would have the first arn y y, you would have a second and Z, you would have a third arn in that case. Now, some examples of what the options may look like. The first one here is just a simple bucket applies to the bucket. So if you were to create a bucket policy and you just said Amazon S3 deep dive in there, well, it's only going to apply to the bucket itself. That's some of the actions that may apply to a bucket itself. May be things like list bucket or list buckets. So you can actually see the list of buckets in your account. It wouldn't necessarily apply to objects inside of that bucket. Now the next one is going to be the Amazon S3 deep dive forward slash star. Now that means it applies to all objects inside of the bucket. And finally at the bottom here, we have Amazon S3 deep dive slash Bryant Jpeg. If we were to put this inside of our policy, it's going to apply to a single object. Again, we can apply bucket policies that only apply to a single object. We can create a bucket policy that applies to all objects in the bucket or just a prefix. Or we can have bucket policies that apply directly to the bucket itself. Let's take a look at an example where we have a policy that provides access to a specific prefix. So this is a prefix based access policy. So it looks very familiar to our other one. We've got a set of allow access to dev objects. The effect is allow. Now notice our principle here is not a star. Now what we're doing is we're limiting access to a user called Brian in the account of 001234567890. We have our action of S3 get object and we have a resource in this case of just arn S3 Amazon S3 Deepdive slash development slash star. So in this case the user Brian in the account of 001234567890 would have access to get any object that's inside of the bucket named Amazon S3 deep dive that's inside of the prefix called development. Any file beyond development this user would have access to get that object. So let's take a look at one that's a little bit more complex here. So we've got our policy here. And in this case, what we have is multiple actions listed in our policy where before we just had get object. Now we have multiple actions. For our user Brian here. So we've got git. Object git bucket location list bucket list objects delete object. Notice that all those actions become a list of strings inside of our action block. And at the bottom here, we actually have multiple resources as well. So not only are we applying this directly to the bucket, but we're applying it to all the objects in the bucket itself. So again, a little bit more complex, not too crazy, but again, I want to showcase how we continue adding more and more to our policy to get more fine grained controls specifically for our bucket and maybe objects in our bucket and of course limit the actions that a specific user can perform on those resources. The next thing I want to talk about is adding a condition. Now a condition gives us the ability to grant permissions to our resources in S3, but provide even finer grained permissions than just what the actions provided us before. Before we had just git objects or list objects or put objects or whatever. Well, what if we wanted to restrict from a certain IP address? Maybe we want to only permit uploads through TLS. Maybe we want to restrict uploads to a specific storage class or even require a minimum version of TLS. These are things that we can use a condition for to not only permit users and roles access to our bucket, whether they're reading or writing, but also either provide finer grained controls based upon things like IP address and all that good stuff. So let's take a look at some of these examples to better understand it. So we've got our policy here. We've got our principle of Brian again. So we're just giving this one user access to our bucket. In this case, we just have S3 put object. And so we're only allowing this user to place objects, not even read objects. Now, in this case, if this user is going to place objects inside of our bucket called Amazon S3 Deepdive, but maybe we only want this user to place objects in our standard storage class. We don't want this user to use standard S3 because maybe this user has a specific use case for S3 and we want to save on costs. We want to say, you know what, this user can only upload objects into our bucket named Amazon S3 Deepdive, but only if they specify that the storage class is going to be standard, i.e. the user. Brian in this case for this account would have to specifically choose standard IA as the storage class when it's uploading. Remember when we talked about storage classes that Standard S3 is going to be our default. So this user, whether it's a API or CLI or just in the UI, this user would have to specify standard IA before this policy permits them to upload objects to the bucket. So that's limiting the storage class as an example. The next one is going to be enforcing secure communication. Now I don't know if you know this, but Amazon S3 actually supports both Http and Https connectivity by default, but maybe we don't like that. Maybe we want to make sure that all of our data is always encrypted in transit using Https, using a TLS certificate. So what we can do is we can write our policy like this. We can say, okay, you know what? You're allowed to write data to our Amazon S3 Deepdive bucket. However, if you come to our bucket on a non secure protocol, then I'm going to deny that upload. You must come to me using Https. That data must be encrypted using TLS. So you can see that we have two rules here. The first rule at the top here is going to deny any actions on our bucket that are not using a secure protocol. And the bottom one is going to allow us to put objects into our bucket, getting a little bit more complex, but more finer grained controls here. So the next one we want to look at access based upon object tags. So in this case, again, still working on a single user here again where it says principal and the one user, you can have users groups, you can have roles there, you can have anything inside of your account to provide access to it. Again, the action here is S3 get objects. So that means we're going to read objects inside of our bucket named Amazon S3 Deepdive. However, we only have permission to read objects that include a tag of environments with a value of development. Maybe in this case, Brian is a developer on our team and we say, You know what? You can access our bucket, but you can only access data that has been tagged with environment of development. If there happens to be data in that bucket that says environment, production, environment, QA, environment, whatever, they would not be able to read that. It would only be able to get objects that are specifically tagged with an object tag of environments with a value of development. Again, this one is access based upon object tags here. The last one here is a little bit different. We're still playing around with conditions, but in this case this is user based security restriction. Now the examples I've showcased already are all bucket policies. Those are resource based security where we are applying those bucket policies directly to an S3 bucket. In this case, this is a user based security where we are applying this Iam policy directly to a user or a role in Iam and not necessarily in S3. So keep that in mind. Now this one actually allows us to create a bucket. The user can create a bucket, but only if the bucket is created in US East one. So it has a location constraint here. Again, this is not a bucket policy. It would be applied to a user whether you are a role logging in through Amazon CEO or you're just a user logging in as Iam or something like that. If you have this a policy applied to you, you would be able to create buckets, but only if that bucket lives in US East one. So again, another example of a condition. Just wanted to make sure that I provide a bunch of examples in this course for you. That way, if you are going to your own environment, you say, You know what, I need to provide finer grained controls for my organization. I want to provide plenty of examples for you that you can pick up and use immediately. By the way, all of these policies are committed directly to my GitHub that's attached to this lecture. Go ahead and go to GitHub, grab the code, don't try to copy it or retype it from the slide. Go to GitHub, grab the code, use that as a good starting block for your own policies. So that wraps up everything around bucket policies. Of course we're going to showcase this in AWS and next we're going to move over to ACLs, so I look forward to seeing you in that lecture.