All right. In this demo, we're going to play around with bucket policies and see how they apply to our users. So we're in the Amazon S3 console here. But what we want to do is we want to start at Iam because we want to start working with our user. So I'm going to go over here, I'm going to go find Iam. Now in this account I have a user and this user is just called Doug and this user currently has no policies attached to him. So this user has absolutely no permissions inside of AWS. Now what we want to do is showcase what happens when this user logs into AWS. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go open up a new incognito window and I'm going to grab the Iam. Address from right here and we're going to plug that into our chrome. All right. And then I can log in as Doug's account. So, Doug. And put it into password here and we hit enter. All right, cool. So what we can do is we can just go to S3 and let's see what happens. And we go to buckets and we don't have any permission to list buckets. All right. We can't do anything really in this account because we don't have any permissions. So first things first. Let's go ahead and give Doug at least permissions to list our buckets. So we'll go back over here. And what we're going to do is create a new policy. So I'm going to do create policy. And just for the fun of it, we'll just use the policy editor here just because it's fast. So I'm going to click on S3 right here and then I'm just going to give all list permissions for our user and we'll go down here. I'm going to click any any and I'm going to click next, and then I'm going to give this policy a name. S3 dash list only. All right. And I'll scroll down. We have full list and that's it. We don't have read. We don't have anything else. So we have our new policy. Let's go back to our user, Doug, and then what we're going to do is we're going to add permissions. We're going to attach the policy directly. I'm going to type in S3 and then we're going to scroll down and find our S3 list only hit next and add permissions. All right. So our user, Doug, now has just the one policy attached to it called S3 list only. And of course, if you expand that, we only have list permissions on our buckets. All right. So let's go back over to Doug and we're going to refresh the screen here. And now you can see, hey, we can actually see our buckets now. All right. So if we click into our Amazon S3 dive, you can see that we can list our objects, right? We've got our objects we've been working with. Now, if I click on Avatar dot PNG and I click on Open, well, we get an access denied, right? Because we can only list. We cannot read our objects that are inside of our bucket. So we can actually do is if we don't want to change that with our Iam policies, we can actually apply a bucket policy in order to do that. So what we can do is we can modify our bucket policy to enable that. So let's go back over here and I'm going to go to S3. I'm going to click on our Amazon S3 Deep-dive bucket here. I'm going to click on Permissions and you can see that I did go ahead and move that block public access policy in here so we don't have a bucket policy at all. So I'm going to click on edit. And now what we want to do is provide a bucket policy that gives our user Doug actually more permissions. All right, So what we can do is go over to VS code here and I've got it pre-written out, but we can take a look at it. We've got two sets of permissions in here. Allow, read, write. So effect is allow. Our principal is actually our user. Doug All right. So to comply directly to our user, the action is S3 get object, S3 put object and the resource is simply our Amazon S3 Deep-dive bucket. Like anything inside that bucket, we can read and we can upload objects. Now, the other rule that we have is specific to looking at the bucket, right? So list bucket. Actually, we don't really need this anymore because we provided the Iam policy already to Doug, but we'll just leave it on there for now. All right. So I'm going to select everything and we're going to go back over here and we're going to paste this into our bucket policy. Again, same exact policy. We have our user, Doug, give him access to get object and put object any object inside of our bucket. So I'm going to scroll down, I'm going to click on Save Changes. And now we have added our bucket policy. Now let's go back over to our user, Doug. We're going to refresh the screen again. All right. So again, we already know that we can list objects for Doug because our Iam policy permits that if we click on Avatar dot PNG again and we click on open look at that, we actually can view and get the object inside of our bucket. So this is a combination of using Iam policies to just list things, but then we can also modify the permissions inside of our bucket directly. It's a resource based policy to allow certain users to access our objects directly inside of a bucket policy. So we're going to close that out and just to showcase that our user doesn't have any additional permissions, what we can do is go back over here, go back to Iam. Go to our user, go to Doug. And then again, we only have our list only, right? So this list only policy would not permit us. We go into our bucket and we go to permissions and then we go delete our bucket policy from our bucket and say delete. And then what we'll do is we'll go back over to Doug, go to Buckets, we'll refresh it. All right. We should still have lists because it permits us to list. But if we go into here and click on Avatar and now do open. Now we're back to Access Denied. All right. So showcasing how we can combine both Iam and our S3 bucket policies to permit or deny access to certain objects inside of S3.