This section, we're going to dive into access control lists a little bit. So before I get started, I just want to notate that ACLs are legacy in Amazon S3. Now Amazon recommends that you disable ACLs on your S3 buckets and you use what's called object ownership instead. So rather than using ACLs, if you need to dictate who owns different objects inside of your bucket, you would use object ownership instead. If you need to modify permissions on your bucket rather than using ACLs, well you should be using bucket policies. So in fact ACLs are so legacy that in April 2023 Amazon actually started disabling ACLs on all new buckets by default. So in this section we're not going to dive too deep into ACLs because it is a legacy concept. However, I just want to make sure that you understand what they are and where they are used. Now, when you're using what's called object ownership, which is going to be a topic of discussion shortly. ACLs are going to be disabled and bucket policies again should be used to control access to your Amazon S3 resources. Now there still may be some specific use cases where an ACL is required. An example of this is granting permissions to certain AWS services like CloudFront. You may still need an ACL to do that. So that's why I want to make sure I discuss ACLs at a high level, but we're not going to go super deep like we did in bucket policies. So what are ACLs? It's important to understand what they are. Well, they're access rules that are attached to every bucket and every object, very similar to bucket policies. Now ACLs determine who gets access and what kind of access they have to that resources. There are two flavors of ACLs. We have bucket, ACLs and object ACLs and just by the name you could probably gage on what they are used for. Obviously bucket ACLs are applied to S3 buckets where object ACLs are applied directly to individual objects inside of a bucket. Each ACL clearly defines the permitted AWS accounts or the groups that have access to that resource. Now when you are using ACLs, you can actually still use bucket policies and in fact you can use them in tandem if you need to. When you're using both of them together, the principle of least privilege is always going to apply. We're going to have an implicit deny on our policies. That means if you do not explicitly grant access through a bucket policy or through an ACL, well, your access will be denied. An explicit deny inside of our ACL is going to overrule and allow every single time, anytime we specifically say this person or this group or this role is denied, well, it's going to be denied even if a bucket policy permitted that access. Now, if an Iam policy gives a thumbs up, but the bucket policy does not, well, the access is going to be denied. Again, an explicit deny always overrules and allow if there are no rules that allow access. Well S3 is going to default to deny we have that implicit deny. The golden rule to remember here is that if there is no deny specified and at least one rule will allow the action, well then the access will be granted. If you have an Iam policy or if you have a bucket policy that say, yes, this user can perform this action against this resource and there's no deny on the ACL side, then that user will be able to perform that action on the resource. Let's take a look at the order of operations. When we do have a combination of ACLs and bucket policies, we're going to start with a deny. The decision always starts a deny because we have that implicit deny. Then what we're going to do is evaluate all of the applicable policies. That means bucket policies, Iam policies and ACLs. If there's an explicit deny in there, well, we're going to go to an immediate decision of deny. If there's not an explicit deny and we evaluate the policy and say, okay, well do one of these policies allow this action? If it is Well, the final decision is allow if there's no allow in there, we get to that implicit deny in the final decision is deny. We have to remember we take the culmination of our Iam policies, our bucket policies and our ACLs. We're going to evaluate all those policies and we're going to walk through this workflow. Is there a deny in there? Okay. Well, you get denied. There's no deny, but. Is there an allow? Okay, there is an allow. Cool. You can go do what you need to do, but if there's no allow, we get to that implicit deny where you say, okay, if there's no explicit allow, then you're going to be implicitly denied. So the decision is denied. So that's the order of operations that you would follow if you have an ACL. Now, in the lecture, we're not going to go through all the details around ACLs again because they are legacy. However, we will jump into a lab and I'll showcase where you would configure ACLs and I'll go ahead and showcase how we add an ACL to one of our buckets or objects there, just so you understand where to do it. But again, we're not going to dive deep into understanding ACLs because it is a legacy construct for Amazon S3.