All right. Back in the console, we're going to showcase how we can use this iam policies to manage permissions for S3 buckets and objects inside of those buckets. So back in S3, let's go ahead and look at our deep dive bucket here, look at permissions. And we still have a bucket policy applied here. Let's go ahead and get rid of that. So I'm going to click on delete and we're going to delete that because we want to manage everything through Iam. All right, so let's go back to Iam. Click on this. All right so we're in Iam let's go ahead and create a new policy that we will assign to our user. Doug So I'm going to go to policies here. I'm going to create a new policy and in this case, instead of using the policy editor, I'm going to use Json. So I'm going to click on Json. So let's go over to VS code and let's grab our policy here and we'll go back, we'll paste that in and we will check it out. So the first thing I have is just list Bucket, we have S3 list Bucket and we have our specific bucket here. And then our next part allows access to our objects. We have S3 get object, S3, put object and S3 get object tagging and that of course is on any object inside of our bucket. All right. So if we click on next and then we're going to scroll up, we're going to give it a name, so I'm going to call it S3 policy for Doug. And then we'll scroll down and click on Create Policy. So now we have our new policy called S3 Policy for Doug. So let's go over and add our new policy to our user. Doug So go to users, click on Doug here and you can see we still have our old policy on there. So we're going to click on that and do remove and yes, and then I'm going to add permission. I'm going to choose attach policy directly. I'm going to I'm going to filter it down. Just type in Doug and select our policy we just created next and add permission. So now our user, Doug, has our new policy called S3 User for Doug. So let's go back over to the console where Doug is at and we're going to refresh the screen here and we're going to click on buckets here and wait a minute, we don't have permission to list buckets. I thought we added list buckets. Well, let's look at our policy real quick. We only allowed list buckets for a particular bucket. We didn't allow list all my buckets permission. All right. So we only have the ability to look at this one bucket. Not everything. So if you go over here, we don't get a list of everything because we don't have the permission. You can see right here, S3 lists all my buckets action. However, because we did add the permission for that one bucket, one cool thing we can do is actually go up here to the URL and after buckets, if I type in Amazon S3 deep dive and hit slash and hit enter, well, we actually can see our one bucket because we do have the permission to view this one bucket. We don't have permission to view any other buckets. So that is obviously one way we could do it. Now, obviously the other way would be to go in here and add the resource, change that to star, and you can say list all my. Buckets, right? So we could change our policy to this and we would be able to see all the buckets in the account. But we'll leave it at this for now. All right. So based upon Iam, we know that well we should be able to get any object in this account. All right, so we click on course cover for example, here and click on Open. Uh oh. We got another issue right. Our policy does not allow access for us to use the KMS key that's being used to encrypt our objects. So when you're using AWS and you are using KMS to encrypt your objects at rest, well, the user must also have the ability to decrypt objects using that key. So you need the ability to decrypt using that KMS key. All right. So let's go ahead and fix that really quick. I'm going to close this out. We'll go over to Iam and we'll modify our policy again. All right, So I'm going to click on S3 policy for Doug and go ahead and open that up. Click on Json. We're going to click on edit. All right, So what we're going to do is add the permission for that KMS key. So in here, we already have one set of rules. We have another set of rules. All right, So what I'm going to do is just going to copy this, just make it a little bit faster, put a comma here, copy that out. Of course, the formatting is crazy, but that's okay. Now what we need to do is allow and the Ssid is just describing you don't have to actually add it, but allow access to the KMS key. Decrypt. All right. Now allow now the action that we actually want is KMS and we're going to add a few of them on here. We're going to do describe key. All right. And we're going to have a couple of actions here. So we're going go ahead and put it inside of a string and the next one is going to be kms decrypt. All right. We're going to add that. And because we have the ability to put objects, well, we must also be able to use the KMS key to encrypt. So we also need KMS encrypt at this point. All right. So after that, we're going to go ahead and close out our list of strings here. All right? And we'll put a comma here and we should be good to go. Right? So we have added the new rule here for allowing access to use the KMS key. We're going to describe the key. We're going to do encrypt and we're going to be able to do decrypt. However, the resource here should be our KMS key. So we need the key Arn So if we go back over to AWS, it should be easy. If we scroll down here, you should be able to find it right here, all right. Under the encryption rather than having to go into the KMS service. So I'm going to copy that and then we will paste that right in our resource. So we'll be able to use this particular key to describe the key, to use it to decrypt and to use it to encrypt. All right, so that's all that we need in order to use the KMS key. So I'm going to click on next, I'm going to click on Save Changes. And we have added that. You can see we have S3 permissions and we have the KMS permissions. So let's go back into Doug and we're going to refresh the screen again. So again, we're back at the course cover object and let's open it and look at that. We get access to the course cover for this course. All right? So that means we can actually use that key to decrypt the object and actually view it. And obviously the Iam permissions are permitting us to perform the get as well. All right. Now remember that this S3 bucket does not have a bucket policy. All right? And we can't even see the bucket policy because we don't have permission. But if we go back over here into S3. And we click on Amazon Deep Dive and we go to and we go to permissions. You can see that we do not have a bucket policy. And that means that all of the permissions for our user, Doug are being driven by our Iam policies. All right. So hopefully that was useful for you to understand how you can easily assign Iam policies to users to permit them certain actions inside of S3 And of course you can limit to a certain bucket, you can limit based upon tags, you can limit based upon an IP address or anything like that. You can use those conditions that we talked about and you can write policies in order to restrict access to certain objects and buckets inside of your account.