The last part of this section is I wanted to talk about making objects publicly accessible. Up until this point, we've talked about, well, how not to make objects publicly accessible. But there are cases where buckets need to be public or objects inside of a bucket need to be public. So what does it actually mean to be public? Well, it means that objects that are placed inside of our Amazon S3 bucket are accessible by, well, anyone on the Internet, anyone who has an Internet connection and anyone that knows the URL. Anyone in the world that has that URL for your bucket or your object, well, they will be able to access that data that's stored in your bucket without having to authenticate directly to your Amazon S3 account. So keep that in mind that if you do mean to make data public, anybody in the world will be able to access that. Now, one thing to keep in mind is while there are specific use cases where public buckets are necessary, such as things like static website hosting or public data sets, it's generally advisable to keep your buckets private and carefully control access using the appropriate mechanisms like Iam policies, ACLs or bucket policies to help ensure data, confidentiality, integrity and availability for your organization. Now making a bucket public exposes the content to anyone with a bucket URL. As I mentioned before, now if you accidentally do this again, it can lead to unauthorized access, data breaches and potential misuse of sensitive or confidential data that's stored inside of that bucket. Publicly accessible buckets are more susceptible to malicious attacks, data leaks, unauthorized modifications and obviously just viewing data that they shouldn't view. So depending on the nature of the data that's stored in your S3 bucket, there also may be legal or compliance requirements that mandate strict control over access and ensure data privacy. Publicly exposing things like sensitive or regulated data can ultimately lead to violations of these data protection regulations that your organization must abide by industry standards or your contractual obligations to your customers. All right. So let's understand why I would actually need a bucket to be public. So I have a couple examples of here. Well, the first one is static website hosting. Now we're going to talk about that in this course. So if you want to host a static website using Amazon S3, well, you need to make that bucket public. People on the Internet need to be able to access the data or the files that are stored in that bucket in order to access your website. These users can directly access it and view your website's HTML, CSS, JavaScript or whatever static files are going to be stored inside of this bucket as part of your website. Now, the next one here, maybe public file sharing. If you want to share files publicly and provide download links to users, you can definitely make a bucket public to do this. Now, again, this allows anyone with the link to access and download the files without requiring authentication. Again, maybe you want to purposely do that to, I don't know, allow customers to download your software. Maybe you're a software company and you want customers to download your software so they can use it. Maybe you have example code on there, maybe you have some data sets or something like that that you want, that you want the public to be able to download and actually consume. And you're totally fine with that. That may be a reason why you make a bucket public. The next 1st May be content distribution and making your bucket public can be useful for distributing publicly available content such as things like images, videos, documents. By allowing this public access, you can serve these files directly from the bucket without additional authentication requirements. And finally, the last one here I mentioned before, public datasets. You know, in some cases you may want to make certain datasets or files publicly accessible. I don't know, maybe for research or analysis or collaboration purposes. Again, by making the bucket public, you can provide open access to this data for authorized users. Now, it's important to note that you should exercise caution when making buckets public to avoid exposing sensitive or confidential information. I can't stress that enough. Always ensure that you have reviewed and understand the security implications before making a bucket public and consider implementing additional security measures such as access restrictions or encryption depending on your specific requirements. So again, up until this point through this course, we've talked about how to protect your data. In this case, there are reasons why you would want to make a bucket public or the content inside of that bucket public. Just make sure you understand the security implications of doing so. What are the prerequisites? Well, first of all, S3 Block public access must be disabled. We talked about this feature before, and that's the whole point of using that feature. We don't want our buckets public. Well, in this case, maybe we do. We need to go ahead and actually disable. Some of those features in order to allow us to create a bucket policy that permits access to our bucket. The next thing is our bucket policy, as I just mentioned. The bucket policy is either created or update to permit public access to our resources. Now you can configure this with ACLs if you need to, but I recommend to use the bucket policies because again, ACLs are a legacy construct. So we want to stick with bucket policies instead. So what does a public bucket policy look like? Well, we saw this example before, but we have the principle here, which is star. And the star means anybody. It means anybody in the world can access this data. In this case, we only want to read the object because what would we ever really want the entire public to just write data to our bucket? No, probably not, because, well, we're probably going to get a lot of data on there that we don't want, and it's going to cost us a fortune on our bill. So we never want to put an S3 put object in there for our public facing buckets. It's always going to be like get object or maybe even list object, but most likely it's going to be just get object. And finally, the specific resource and this particular example, I am only allowing access to a single object inside the bucket. In this case, I have a cat.jpeg object inside of my bucket and I'm making that one cat.jpeg publicly available. If you need the entire bucket to be public, you would simply have just the bucket name slash star and then you can access anything inside of that bucket. But again, this is just an example of showcasing how we can provide access to only a single object. Hopefully that was helpful for you to understand how you can actually make a bucket or the objects inside of a bucket publicly accessible. Again, be very, very careful on doing this. Make sure you understand the security implications of doing this. Make sure you're very careful about what access you're providing and what data that you are making available publicly to everyone in the world. That's it for this lecture, and we'll see you in the next one.