All right. Welcome back to the AWS management console. We're going to showcase pre signed URLs here and see how we can create them to access our objects. Now, of course, we've got our list of buckets here and we already know based upon our previous labs, that our Amazon S3 Deepdive public bucket is well, public. And of course it shows us right here that we have objects that are publicly accessible. However, our Amazon S3 Deepdive bucket is not public. So let's take a look at that. If we go into the bucket, we click on permissions and we scroll down. A we already know that. Block All public access is turned on, which means that none of the objects inside of our bucket are going to be public. Additionally, if we look down at our bucket policy, well, there's no policy to display. There's no policy attached to our bucket. So we know that none of the objects should be publicly accessible. And of course, to prove it, I can click on objects, I can click on our avatar and click on our object. And of course, we get access denied as expected. However, what happens if we want to provide access to one of these objects? But we don't want to modify our block public access settings and we don't want to add a bucket policy to our bucket to make them publicly available. Well, what we can do is use our pre signed URLs. So what we can do is we can go into one of our objects here. So let's just look at our course cover. So we're going to click into our object here. And of course we have things like our Uri and all that good stuff. Again, if we click on the URL, we get an access denied as expected. However, if we want somebody to be able to access it, we can go ahead and create a pre signed URL. Now to do that underneath object actions up here on the top right, we can simply click that and say share with a pre signed URL right here and it's going to pop up and say, hey, anyone can access the object with this URL until it expires. All right. That's cool with us. That's exactly what we want. Now, the only thing that we have to specify about our pre signed URL is the expiration time, so we can specify that in minutes or hours. So in this case, maybe we want to have our URL expire in five minutes. So we're going to add five there and then we're going to create the pre signed URL. Now it's automatically copied to your clipboard, but you can also see it up here in the top, right? So if we were to open up a new tab and add our URL and with our pre signed URL, we can access our objects inside of our bucket because we can use that pre signed URL. Now if you look at the URL at the top, we have Amazon S3 Deepdyve and then we have course Cover.jpg. But after that we have all the additional things around security token and all that good stuff that are part of our query that are basically created by us hitting that pre signed URL. Okay, so if we exit out of here and we hit the object URL without the pre signed URL, of course we get an access denied. So we would need to use that pre signed URL in order to access this object that is not publicly facing. All right. So this is an easy way that you can do it straight in the AWS management console. Now, if you're going to use a pre signed URL in your environment, I'd be willing to bet that 99% of the creations of pre signed URLs and the distribution of those URLs is going to happen inside of some application. We talked about our training company and giving users access to our content that lives on S3 and we probably want to put a time limit on that access, right? Maybe their subscription renews every day, every week, every month or whatever, and we don't want to give them long term access to our content because if they are no longer a subscriber, maybe they don't have access to our content any longer. Now it's the same thing. If you are a mobile app developer, maybe you have assets in your S3 bucket that you want to give your subscribers or your paid subscribers access to. In this case, your app would internally generate a pre signed URL against S3 and of course the application can use that URL in order to access certain assets that live inside of your S3 bucket. So that's how you're probably going to find pre signed URLs use the majority of the time is within an application. However, if you're working with a partner rep or something like that and they need temporary access to something inside of your bucket, well this is a super easy way to do it. Of course you can log right into the AWS management console, click on the object, click on object actions like we did before. Grab that URL, send it to your user, and of course they can access your data.