So let's have a look at the capabilities of Amazon recognition. The first one is around label detection. So here we provide a picture, and we're able to have object detections. For example, this is a building, this is a person, this is a skateboard, and here we have cars. And within the cars, we even have wheels. So all these things are detected. And on top of it, we have results that are giving us some extra information such as a road, a street, transportation, and so on with the confidence score on the right hand side. So this is very handy, and you can do this as well on the other sample image and see that we define, we detect a tower here and so on. And you could have custom labels if you wanted to have your own labels for the own objects in your dataset that you wanted to recognize. Okay, next, we have image properties. So it's to find some information around an image. For example, this one, we can get the dominant colors, the image quality, the foreground properties, and background properties. For image moderation, we can have a look at whether or not some images should be authorized, if they're authorized or not. So it would be blurred, for example, based on the moderation labels that it detects. Obviously, these images are fine so far. Facial analysis, so we can have a look at facial attributes. So this looks like a face, and it appears to be female. We get an age range, we get some smiling attributes and appears to be happy and so on. We get facial comparison, where we can look if two people are very similar, and these people are very similar. But if you take Bezos and that person, they are not similar. Face liveness, so this is for your camera. Celebrity recognition. So here, we have Jeff Bezos. And here, we have Andy Jassy. And text in image. So to recognize some text in images, which is helpful to extract it. So it has a similar use case of text tracks, but of course here, this is a different methodology. So here, "It's Monday but keep smiling." Super good. And finally, personal protective equipment detection to see if face covers, head covers, and hand covers are appearing in images, which is a very specific use case. So remember that modern recognition is around really analysis of images and has several capabilities. And you can also build your own custom moderation type of detection if you wanted to detect specific use cases for your business and your own custom labels as well if you wanted to extend the labels to things that are more relevant to your business, and you can train the recognition model just by adding your own sample data sets. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.