So now let's talk about EBS volumes and EC2 instance store. So first, EBS volumes are network drives. And you attach them to one instance at a time, except with a EBS multi-attached feature that I will show you very, very soon. So they're linked to a specific AZ, and if you wanted to transfer them between a different AZ, you need to first snapshot them, and then restore them into that other AZ. Your volumes can be resized, but only up, so you can increase the volume size without detaching the EBS volume first. You need to make sure also to leverage the EBS volume as much as you can to choose an EC2 instance type that is going to be EBS optimized to enjoy maximum throughputs. So in a diagram here, what it looks like, so we have one EC2 instance, it may have an EBS volume attached to it of 10 gigabytes and another EC2 instance that will have maybe two EBS volumes attached to it. Now for volume types, you have different types of volumes. For EBS, you have the gp2, gp3 family, and g means general. So general purpose SSD volumes that will balance a good price and performance and fits most workloads. But if you want extremely high performance, very high throughput, very low latency, then you need to look into the i family, so the io1 and io2 block express. If you have a need for a low-cost HDD that is going to be designed for frequently accessed and throughput-intensive workload, usually sequential reads, then st1 one is going to be a great choice. And if you want cold storage for less frequently accessed workloads, then sc1 one is going to be a good use case for you. The EBS volumes will have general characteristics, but they will be characterized in terms of size, throughputs, and IOPS, which is IO Operations Per Second. And when you're in doubt, of course, always look at the AWS documentation. In terms of boot volumes, which is where your operating system can be for your EC2 instances, then it can only be on gp2, gp3, or io1, io2. Okay, so now snapshots. So they're very helpful to transfer EBS volumes between AZ. And they're incremental, so you only backup the changed blocks behind the scene. Then the backups will use IO. And so that means that because the volume's going to be read by AWS, if you are running an application that is also handling a lot of read traffic, and you are on top of it doing a backup, then you may experience decreased performance. The snapshots are going to be stored in S3 in the backend, but you're not going to be getting direct access to them. And it's not necessary for you to detach a volume to do a snapshot, but it's recommended because if your volume is being actively used while you do a snapshot, you may get an inconsistent state. You can copy snapshots across AZ, yes, for sure and again, restore snapshots, sorry, across AZ of course, but you can also copy snapshots across region for disaster recovery purposes. So it's a really good practice to snapshot, for example, data in one region and then copy it to another region in case you wanted to restore the data for disaster recovery purposes. Now it's also possible for you to make Amazon machine images from your snapshots using the AMI feature. And this is very common, for example, if you bootstrap an application and then make an AMI out of it. Now when you restore an EBS volume, especially large ones, then you need to prewarm them. That means you need to read all the blocks to have the maximum performance. And to do so, you have two ways of doing it. The first one is using a newer feature of AWS because that was a very popular request. It's called the Fast Snapshot Restore, which is FSR feature. And the idea is that this feature is going to read your EBS snapshot entirely and then give it to you. This way, when you restore it, it's going to be prewarmed. But if you wanted to do it the old way, then you need to just attach this restored EBS volume to your EC2 instance, and then you would issue the fio or dd command directly from within the EC2 instance to read the entire volume. Next, there is a service within EBS called Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager, which is used to automate the creation, retention, and deletion of EBS snapshots and EBS-backed AMI. So it's a way for you to schedule backups, do cross account snapshot copies automatically, or to delete outdated backups using a policy. Use resource tags to identify the resources you want to back up, for example, EC2 instances or EBS volumes. And so here is an example. We can tag an EBS volume with environment prod to make sure that it automatically gets backed up by Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager, or we can tag directly an EC2 instance with this environment prod, and then the instance itself will be, and its EBS volumes will be backed up. So it goes into Data Lifecycle Manager, and we can create snapshots and AMIs out of it. It cannot be used to manage snapshots or AMIs created outside of DLM. So everything has to be contained within Data Lifecycle Manager, and it cannot be used to manage instance-store backed AMIs. So a question you may have is what is the difference between Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager and AWS backup? So you use Data Lifecycle Manager when you want to automate the creation, retention, and deletion of EBS snapshots, whereas you're going to use AWS backups to manage and monitor backups across all the AWS services you use, including EBS volumes, from a single place. So it's about scope, and it's about ease of management. Talking about EBS volumes, we have also EBS encryption. So there is an account level setting to encrypt your volumes because by default, new EBS volumes are not encrypted. But if you turn on this setting, then automatically new EBS volumes and snapshots are going to be encrypted. So in the UI, it looks like this. There is a EC2 dashboard setting, and when you set it, you can always encrypt new EBS volumes. Just so you know, this setting, even though it's an account level setting, needs to be enabled on the per-region basis. Now there's a feature called EBS multi-attach, and it's only available for the io1 and io2 family, which goes against what I told you, but it gives you the ability to attach the same EBS volumes to multiple EC2 instances in the same AZ. And each instance will have full read and write permissions on the volume. So it's only for a specific kind of applications. For example, the ones that need higher application availability, for example, Teradata that has a native support for this feature or applications that must manage concurrent write operations for this very specific use case as well. Now the file system is a little bit different. It's not going to be XFS or EX4 and so on. It's going to be a file system that's cluster aware, and it's not the kind of things you deal with every day. So it's a very unique feature for very unique use cases, but you need to know that it exists. And so the architecture looks like, well, you have one, for example, io2 volume with a multi-attach feature, and it can be attached to multiple EC2 instances at a time. Now when you consider your local EC2 instance store, this one is not a network disc, it is a physical disc that is going to be attached to the physical server where your EC2 is. And while we do this, well, you get very, very high IOPS because well, the disc is attached to your EC2 instance. Now what you get on the right-hand side, for example, for the i3 family is a lot of write IOPS and a lot of read IOPS as you can see. Now the disc can vary in size, and this is just indicative, it can obviously increase over time, but the disc can go up to, for example, 7.5 terabytes. And if you strip them, so if you have them in parallel, you can reach, for example, 60 terabytes. And so you get a lot of IOPS. It is still a block storage just like EBS, okay? But it is a physical device, not a network device. And it cannot be increased in size. And in case your EC2 instance fails or gets shut down, you will lose your data because it is a physical disc attached to your EC2 instance. So if you compare EC2 instance store and EBS volumes, while the instance store is physically attached to the machine, it is considered ephemeral storage, whereas the EBS is a network drive, which is considered a persistent kind of storage. Now the pros of using the EC2 instance store is that you get a lot better IO performance. So the EBS gp2, for example, will have a max IOPS of 16,000, io1, 64,000, and io2 Block Express, 256,000. But we saw that the instance store can have IOPS in the millions. Now it's going to be very good if you want to have a buffer, a cache, scratch data, or temporary content. Remember it is ephemeral storage. And in case you reboot your EC2 instance, your data will survive. But if you happen to stop or terminate your EC2 instance, then all the data on the EC2 instance store is going to be lost. And that means that you need to manage the data. So you need to back up the data automatically to make sure that if you want to keep it, you have a mechanism to do so. And because it is an EC2 instance store, and it's a physical storage, you cannot resize it. Whereas for EBS volumes, of course you could resize it. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.