So now let's talk about EFS, your Elastic File System. So it's a managed network file system or NFS, and the power of it is that it can be mounted on many EC2 instances at a time. So it works for EC2 instances that are going to live within the same region but in different availability zones, so that's why it's called a network file system. And it's also going to work for your on-premises servers if you mount them, and first, you need to connect your on-premise environment, of course to AWS, using direct connect or VPN connection. It's highly available, it's scalable. It's quite expensive. It's about three times the cost of gp2, and you're going to pay per gigabyte use, which I think is quite a cool model, whereas for EBS, you have to pay per gigabytes provisions. So your EFS file system will be living on AWS, and you'll have a security group attached to it. And your EC2 instances, for example, across three different AZs, if you set up the security groups correctly, can mount and access your EFS file system. So if we look at it, the use cases for EFS are going to be content management, web data serving, data sharing. WordPress is a really good candidate. And for it to work, you need to have a Linux-based AMI. So Windows does not work with EFS. It's very important to understand this from an exam perspective. And overall, the file system that you're going to use must be POSIX-compliant, which is a good use case for Linux. It uses the NFSv4.1 protocol. And to control access to EFS, you must use security groups. You get encryption arrest using KMS, and you can only attach it into one VPC, and you create one mount target, one elastic network interface, ENI, per AZ. So as I said, it's POSIX file system, so that means Linux, and it has a standard file API. The file system will scale automatically, which I think is really, really nice. So you can scale from one gigabyte to terabytes, of course. You pay per usage, so you only pay for the number of gigabytes you have in your file system. So there is no capacity planning happening behind the scenes. Now, the very important part about EFS is to understand the performance and storage classes. Then we have different performance and storage classes. So the first, the scale about EFS, you get thousands of concurrent NFS clients and 10 gigabytes plus of throughputs, and you can grow to a Petabyte-scale network file system automatically, which is really nice. You can also set the performance mode at the EFS network file system creation time, and you have several options. The first one is General Purpose, which is a default. It's used for latency-sensitive use cases such as a web server, a CMS, et cetera. But if you wanted to maximize throughput, you have Max I/O, which is a higher latency kind of network file system, but higher throughput, and it's highly parallel. So it's great if you have big data applications or media processing needs. Now, throughput mode, you have different options. The first one is Bursting. So you have one terabyte, means that it's 50 megabytes per second plus burst up to 100 megabytes per second. So that's the kind of bursting you get. You don't have to remember the numbers, but just to give you an idea. Provisioned is when you want to set your throughput regardless of your storage size. So the previous one was growing in throughput as we have more storage, but with Provisioned, you can have one gigabyte per second for one terabyte of storage, that is fine because you have de correlated your throughput from your storage. And finally, to make things a little bit simpler, you have Elastic, to automatically scale the throughput up and down based on your workload. So, for example, you can get up to 3 gigabytes per second for reads, and one gigabytes per second for writes based on your workload. And this is going to be a great fit when you have unpredictable workloads. Now for storage classes, we have several options. We have Storage Tiers, which is a lifecycle management feature to allow you to move files to different source tiers after a certain number of days. So you have the Standard tier which is used for frequently accessed files, and then you have the EFS-IA tier for infrequent access, which gives you a cost to retrieve files, but a lower price to store these files. And then you have the Archive storage tier. This is for rarely accessed data, so you only access, for example, data a few times a year, which is going to be a lot cheaper to store the data on that tier. To move your files automatically between your storage tiers, you can implement lifecycle policies which will allow to define after how many days a file should be moved to which tier. So here's an example in which we have files in EFS standard, and one of these files hasn't been accessed for 60 days, then by setting up the right lifecycle policy, we can move it to a new storage tier such as EFS-IA. Now, in terms of availability and durability, Standard is going to be great when you have a multi-AZ setup, so, your EFS across multiple availability zones, which is great for your production workloads so that you're resistant to disasters. But if you just want to do development and want to have cheaper options, then you choose One Zone, which is going to give you only one availability zone, and you will still have backups on it. And it's also compatible with the IA type of storage tier, so you have the EFS One Zone-IA type of option. Overall, by using the right EFS storage classes, you can do up to 90% in cost savings. So this is very helpful. Now, EFS has a way to be mounted for on-premises servers and has VPC peering. So, your EFS has ENIs, okay, they're redundant across multiple AZ. And then your VPC elsewhere can be peered with your VPC of EFS for your EC2 instance to access your EFS drive, or also on-premises servers through direct connect or VPN, for site-to-site VPN, can also access your EBS volumes, okay? And you can build redundancy, for example, by having direct connect to direct connect or direct connect to VPN. Now, when your on-premises server need to mount your EFS drives, they need to mount using the IPv4 of the ENIs, okay, they cannot use a DNS, whereas your EC2 instance could use a DNS. So make sure that when you have on-premises servers, retrieve the ENI IP, and then use that for mounting your NFS. Now, another feature you need to know about is around EFS access points. So this is to easily manage application access to NFS environments and enforce greater security. So for this, using these access points, we can define a user and a group on the POSIX file system when accessing the file system. So, this is going to allow us completely to restrict access to a directory within the file system and optionally specify a different route directory. And you can restrict access to these access points using IAM policies. So to make it very clear, here is my EFS file system, and it has the data file folder, the secret file folder, and the config folder directly within the route. Now, if I set up an Access Point 1 with UID 1001 and GID 1001, which is just a user ID and a group ID, and the path is slash config, then the users who have access to this access point using IAM, will only get access to the config directory within your EFS file system. But another group, for example, that has the analytics user groups, a different access points, so 1002 and 1002 for UID and group ID, then they only have access to the data file, and they can only access the data within this data folder, okay? So again, all of this is managed through IAM permissions. Also, you can get file system policies and they are the same as S3 bucket policies, they're resource-based policies. And by default, you have full access to all clients. But here, for example, I can say that Stephane can only do mount and the write, okay, and must use secure transport, so must encrypt the connection into EFS. Next, we have cross-region replication for EFS, which allows you, of course, to replicate objects from an EFS file system to another AWS region. And this works for existing file systems as well as a new file systems. So you don't need to recreate one if you wanted to enable this feature. So you would have an EFS file system in us-east-1, and you would replicate it, for example, into eu-west-2 as a destination. It provides you RPO and RTO of minutes, which is great for disaster recovery, and it will not affect the provision throughput of the EFS file system. This is something that happens in the backend. So the use cases for cross-region replication is to meet your compliance and business continuity goals by having a second file system as an exact copy in another region. Okay. That's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.