Okay so, finally let's get into some solution architecture around Amazon S3. So a common question is how do you expose static objects to your clients? A option that's very simple would be to have an EC2 instance that's going to be publicly accessible, and maybe you'll have an EBS volume or maybe it'll be an instance store, and the data will be stored on it. It's cheap, it works, it doesn't scale very well it's not very highly available, but it works, it's one way of doing things, a more scalable way, what's a more global way, would be to have CloudFront in front of this. So CloudFront talks to EC2, talks to EBS, and CloudFront gives us a really good benefit is that now our data is going to be cached across the global edge network of AWS, which gives us clients to all around the world, some ability to get the objects maybe a little bit closer to them. So this has a better global availability, still in the back end, it's not perfect because in case our EC2 instance fails then CloudFront will report it that it's unavailable if it's not cached in its edge network. So it's an improvement, but not perfect. Then we can go to a full blown solution where we have cloud fronds in front of an application load balancer, that has a fleet of EC2 instances behind another scaling group. And then these EC2 instances need to share some data, they need to have the same access to the same files so EBS does not work in this file. In this use case, sorry. And then we have to use something like EFS as a network file system. The cool thing about EFS, that's an network file system, it's POSIX compliant, it does only works for Linux, so it scales. So this works but this is quite expensive, I would say, and I would say the last kind of solution that you would run into would be CloudFront directly in front of S3. And this works great. If you have static objects in S3 that are pretty big. And that doesn't require them to be updated very often. So as you can see there's different ways of exposing static objects, and there's not right way of doing it, obviously I think the preferred way is going to be the one with CloudFront and S3. But still, depends on your architecture, your requirements, and the way your application is going to be designed. Moving on with S3, as I said, there is no indexing facility in S3 so you cannot search your S3 buckets for an object. And so the right way of doing things would be to index objects in DynamoDB. So you have rights into Amazon S3, and then maybe through some S3 event notifications, your Lambda function is being triggered, it will read part of the file row, the entire file, but most likely part of the file using a byte range fetch, and then it will insert some metadata, some information about your file into DynamoDB table. And it's really good to have DynamoDB table because from there, we could create an API to search for object metadata. For example, if you have the right index you can search by date, you can look at the total search used by a customer, you can list all the objects with an attribute, and you can find all the objects uploaded within a date range. So having the data in DynamoDB opens up a lot more solutions to search into Amazon S3 and they're a very very good combo, usually linked with a Lambda function. So finally some of the best practice we have on Amazon is to separate the dynamic content from the static content. I think this makes a lot of sense but it's good to outline incorrectly. So if you make a DNS request to Route 53, you can be redirected for the dynamic content to for example, your REST API your HTTP server. So this could be an ALB bus EC2, API gateway plus Lambda. It really depends. We've seen this at length already in this course. But the idea is that you get all the dynamic content through this route, there's little to no caching, maybe, and you get access to some fresh, small data. So you can have the database layer to be DynamoDB, you can have a caching or session layer index in DynamoDB. This is just one architecture with the idea I want you to remember is that it's going to be a more dynamic route where there's going to be tons of requests, and for the static content, things that doesn't change very often, then usually you go through a CDN layer, such as CloudFront to cache a content at the edge and save some costs and improve the performance, there's going to be more for your HTML files your big files your videos and so on. And all the static content needs to be stored onto a layer that scales really well, such as Amazon S3. It's very possible that your dynamic content has to interact with Amazon S3 by uploading some files directly in it, it's possible, definitely. And then as I said, we can react to changes happening in our Amazon S3 bucket, using a Lambda function that reacts to these events, and the Lambda function could index, all the data into DynamoDB, which could in turn help the dynamic route. So that means that, you know, even it's though static and dynamic, they can be definitely linked to one another. Finally, we don't have to go through CloudFront to get access to our S3 bucket, unless we set up an OAI. But if we haven't, then we can use a pre signed URL to access our S3 buckets and get the content right away from it. And we've seen this when we were trying to upload files efficiently, directly into our S3 bucket when we were trying to download files as well, in a more performant fashion, without going for some proxies, et cetera, et cetera. So that's it for S3 solution architectures, but hopefully it starts shedding some light into how you should think as a solution architect professional, the exam will ask you stuff like this so it's good that you visualize these infrastructure and architectures is as much as possible. And remember, separating dynamic and static content is some of the best practices. That's it. I will see you in the next lecture.