So let's talk about AWS Data Exchange. And Data Exchange allows you to find and subscribe to third-party data in the cloud. For example, you can have datasets from Reuters, which curates data from over 2.2 million unique news stories per year in multiple language. Or if you want to get, for example, Change Healthcare, and they process more than 14 billion healthcare transactions and $1 trillion in claims annually. Or you want to buy and use datasets from Dun and Bradstreet, who have 330 million global business records. Or Foursquare, who maintains a database of 220 million unique customers and more than 60 million global commercial venues. So the idea is that these datasets you can buy through AWS. And AWS, of course, Data Exchange. And so once you're subscribed to a data product, you use the Data Exchange API to load it directly into Amazon S3 and then you can use whatever service you want to analyze this data or do machine learning on top of it. So, for example, let's say we want to get all the data from Foursquare into Data Exchange, which will then dump the data into Amazon S3, and then we can use, for example, something like SageMaker to perform machine learning on top of the dataset from Foursquare, all of this from within AWS. And there is a little browse catalog search function to look to across, for example, over almost 4,000 data products available from within the Data Exchange. Other features of Data Exchange are Data Exchange for Redshift, where you subscribe to third-party data from Data Exchange again and then you load it directly from within an Amazon Redshift data warehouse and you can query the data directly from within Redshift. And then that means you can all also do the other way back. If you have data in Amazon Redshift, you can license the data through AWS Data Exchange. So it goes both ways. And you have Data Exchange for APIs. So you find and subscribe third-party APIs consistently using the AWS SDK and then it's consistent with AWS-native authentication and governance, okay? So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.