In this video, we'll dive deeper into the architecture of Aurora and learn about the different end points that it uses. And we're going to start with the cluster or writer end point. So with Aurora replicas you can have multiple instances. You can have the primary and the replicas. All of the application writes take place on the primary, but reads can be pointed to any of the replicas. So the cluster end point always represents the primary instance of the cluster. And think of this kind of similar to the DNS name that we learned about with RDS. So the database client doesn't know the IP address of the database server. It knows it by the cluster endpoint. And if that primary instance fails, the cluster endpoint can be updated to point all of the database activity to one of the replicas, which is now going to take over as the new primary. This all happens automatically. You don't have to manually fail over. So let's kind of ignore the primary instance for a moment and remove it from this diagram. Reads can be pointed to any of the replicas, and we have this end point called a reader end point. The reader end point provides load balancing for read only connections to the replicas. This eliminates all of the read workloads on the primary instance. And if the cluster contains only a primary instance and it doesn't have any replicas, the reader endpoint would connect to the primary instance in that case. So the reader endpoint is going to load balance connections, not the individual queries, but but the connections that are performing reads. And so because of this with RDDs, we had to take our database client and point it to a specific read replica. So if I had four replicas, I would have to individually configure my database clients, and maybe one client would point to this replica and another client would point to this replica. And with RDDs, I could have multi-az on my read replicas. So I would have to enable Multi-az on this read replica and Multi-az on this read replica in order for it to be highly available. This is a huge difference with Aurora, because the reader endpoint is going to receive all of these database client connections that are going to be doing reads, and it's going to distribute those connections across all of these read replicas. So now if one of these read replicas fails, it's no big deal. The database client still continues to use the same reader endpoint, and the reader endpoint will just send those connections to the replicas that are still working. We can also have custom endpoints. Custom endpoints are intended for advanced users with specialized kinds of workloads, where it isn't practical to keep all of the replicas the same. So here we see an Aurora cluster, but we've got different instance types mixed together in the same cluster. And in that case, I could create a custom endpoint that's going to load balance traffic across certain instances within my cluster. So in this case I've created a custom endpoint that's sending traffic to only the instances in the cluster that are the R7G extra large instance type. So in this scenario, maybe production traffic with higher priority gets load balanced across these more powerful instances. And then I can have another custom endpoint for my lower priority workloads that is distributing traffic across the less powerful database instances.