In this video, we'll learn about aurora storage and caching. Now we've got a couple of different options here for storage, and it's sort of similar to concepts that you might be familiar with for S3. So if you're comfortable with S3, you understand that S3 has S3 standard and S3 infrequent access. This is going to be very similar to that. There's going to be a storage class for Aurora called IO optimized, and IO optimized is going to be more expensive, but it's going to give better performance. IO optimized is ideal for IO intensive databases. This is the best choice when your IO spending is 25% or more of your total Aurora database spending. And with IO optimized, you're not paying for reads and writes versus Aurora standard. This is a more cost effective option for databases that have moderate IO usage. You're going to pay per million IO operations. And so the first option is going to give you unlimited IO operations. But it's going to be more expensive per gigabyte. Aurora standard is going to be less expensive per gigabyte. But you're going to pay for all of the I o operations that hit it, and you can always switch from one to another. So if you find that, hey, I've used Aurora Standard Storage, but I need Aurora IO optimized. You can switch once per 30 days so you're not locked into a specific storage type. So let's take a moment to talk about caching now. And I'm going to start with a bit of an analogy here. Let's say that we have a math problem that we want to solve. And if I need to solve this problem I could use a calculator. And it'll take a little bit of time and work on my part, and I'll come up with a solution for it. And let's say that I take the results of this problem and I write it down on a piece of note paper. That's kind of like storing the results in a cache. If somebody else asks me that exact same math question, I don't need to break out the calculator. I don't need to do any math. I've already got the results stored here in my cache and I can provide them instantaneously. So the benefits of this are number one, I can provide a result faster. And number two, every time that problem is presented to me, I have less manual effort because I've already figured out the result. That's kind of like caching for a database. And Aurora automatically has a built in right through cache. So whenever data is written to my Aurora database, the cache is updated. Now there's only a certain amount of space in this memory cache, and the amount of space is limited to the memory provided by the instance itself. Different instance types come with more memory, and the cache is going to consume some of that memory. But now let's imagine that a query is created and sent to my database. This is going to consume resources on the database. And therefore the database needs to be able to handle all of those queries that are coming in. But if I have a cache that is storing many of those query results, let's now imagine that that same query comes in again. Well, now the database doesn't have to figure out the results of that query. It's already done it, and it's already stored the results of that query in its cache. So therefore future queries that are identical all won't require the resources of the instance. They will be stored in memory, and they'll be provided much more quickly.