In this video, we'll learn about some of the concepts of Aurora security. And specifically we're going to focus on network security and authentication. And so aurora clusters are always launched within a VPC. So here we see our VPC. And just like RDS the aurora cluster is launched inside of a VPC. And they should be placed in a private subnet in most cases. So the private subnet is going to have no direct internet access. And in this case the database instance is not going to get a public IP. And I might have things like EC2 instances and application servers or web servers that are internet facing. So the EC2 instance, maybe this is my web server that can be in a public subnet that could potentially be accessible from the internet, but the database itself sits in a private subnet, and that database is never going to be directly accessible from the internet. We're going to have to go through the EC2 instance to get to it. And so I should lock down my database and only allow connections from the appropriate ports and from this specific EC2 instance. And the way that I can do that is similar to RDS. I can use a security group. The security group can specify the source of traffic. So for example, the source in this case is this EC2 instance. The security group is only going to allow database traffic on the correct port from this EC2 instance. Or the EC2 instance itself could be in a security group, and that could be the source that is allowed. So I could allow all traffic from that specific security group on a specific port. All right. So now let's take a moment to talk about Aurora IAM authentication. So you could take the same approach as with a standalone database instance. You could just set up database authentication with username and password. And that's pretty straightforward. Or we could create an IAM role with the necessary privileges and assign that role to an EC2 instance. The role is going to be used by the EC2 instance to get an authentication token. And we will then create a database user account that uses that authentication token. This is very similar to what we saw with RDS. So in this situation we've actually assigned a specific role to the EC2 instance. And the role is essentially allowing the EC2 instance to get this particular token. This is how the EC2 instance is authenticating to the database. Once it has that token, there is a user associated with the database that allows the EC2 instance to now have access to that database. And the big benefit of this is I do not need to embed database credentials into the EC2 instance. This is important for a few reasons. Number one, I don't want to store my database credentials inside the operating system of an instance because that's a security risk. If somebody were to compromise this instance, they could potentially get access to those security credentials for the database. And the other benefit of this approach is I don't have to manage usernames and passwords inside of my EC2 instance, so I may want to change my database credentials every so often. If I have many database clients that all have those credentials stored. Now that's a manual operation to go into all of those instances and change those credentials. So I am authentication can allow us to avoid that and just allow the EC2 instance to assume a role and get access to the database based upon that role.