In this video, we'll learn about how Aurora database clusters can be made highly available across multiple availability zones. And so in this diagram here you can see an aurora cluster. And we've got a primary instance in availability zone one and then an availability zone two and three. We have replicas. Now. Replicas, as we've talked about before, are different with Aurora than they are with RDS. These replicas are read only, just like read replicas with RDS. However, they are in different availability zones and we can fail over to them. So let's assume that the primary availability zone here fails goes down. Well, we can fail over to one of these other replicas. But before we even talk about failing over to the other replica, I just want you to notice the cluster volume. And so the cluster volume spans all three of these availability zones, and the primary is constantly writing data to the cluster volume resources in the same availability zone that it is in. But it's also performing all of those writes on the storage resources in those other availability zones as well. And that way, when an availability zone failure occurs, there's not going to be any data loss because all of the data has been written to storage devices in all three availability zones. So the cluster volume by default automatically spans multiple availability zones. There's nothing that you have to do to enable that. It just happens. Even if I don't have any replicas, that happens. So what about the instance itself? So now we've had an availability zone failure. One of these replicas now is going to take over as primary. And typically this outage will last less than 60s. If you don't have any replicas, let's say that all you had was a primary RDS instance with no replicas. At that point, a new replica will be created automatically and it'll use the existing cluster volume. So even if I don't have any replicas, the failover will still happen. The only big difference in that scenario is that the failover process is going to take somewhere around ten minutes, maybe a little bit less than that. You can count on it taking about ten minutes. So having replicas makes the failover process much faster because a replica doesn't need to be created if the primary goes down. And you can set different priorities on the replica. So maybe we want the replica in Availability zone three to take over. If Availability Zone one fails, that can be our top priority. The replica in Availability Zone two could have a lower priority. So I can control which one takes over in the event of a failure.