In this video, we'll learn about Aurora global databases and how they can be used to create a database that spans multiple regions. This enables a couple of important options. Number one, we can have database clients in multiple regions reading from the replica that is local to that particular region. And it also can help to allow recovery from region wide outages. Now in one region, we're going to have what we call the primary database cluster. And then we can have up to five secondary regions. All of the rights to the database will occur in the primary region. But data is going to be replicated to all of those secondary regions, typically with a latency under one second. So let's take a look at a diagram that explains how all of this works. So in region one we're going to have our primary database cluster. This is an Aurora database cluster really just like any other Aurora database cluster. The big difference is now we are going to have another Aurora database cluster in a separate region. And you can use different instance classes in different regions. You can have up to 16 replicas in a secondary region. And so now we can support read operations in either of these regions. And that's really a good thing if let's imagine that I have a database client that is sitting in region two. And so I've got a database client sitting here maybe running on EC2 or something like that, that needs to be able to read from these Aurora database instances. Well, now I can keep all of those read operations local to one particular AWS region. All of the writes are still going to occur in the primary region. And as those rights are carried out, they're going to be replicated to the secondary region. Now there is a way that we can allow right operations to occur in the secondary region using an option called write forwarding. But that's not how this works by default. By default, the primary database cluster in the primary region is the only one that is writable, and the replication is occurring at the storage level. It's actually handled by the storage volumes themselves. Now, what happens if the primary region fails completely? You can execute what's called a global database failover and failover to the secondary region. You can even do a global database switch over. If you have some kind of planned maintenance. So maybe we want to do some sort of maintenance in the primary region. And we want to fail over to the secondary region to make that happen. You can do that with a global database switch over. So in the unlikely event of a complete region wide failure, a secondary region can be promoted and can start handling read and write capabilities in less than a minute. Now, if I want to set up a global database, I can create a new Aurora global database and create new clusters within that global Aurora database. So I can create a global database kind of from from the beginning here. Or I could pick an existing Aurora database cluster, as long as it supports all of the requirements for for global databases. And I can add a second region to it. That's going to do the exact same thing as creating a global database. So if you already have an existing database cluster, you can enable this feature. And it doesn't just have to be two regions. We can have up to five secondary regions where we support those global databases. So imagine a situation in which you have an application that is available globally all over the world. You have users in many different geographic areas. Well, now I can have a database that spans all of those geographic areas. And these global databases support snapshots as well. So I can still restore a snapshot of a global database and create a new aurora cluster based upon that snapshot. So if I were to have some kind of catastrophic problem here, I could use my snapshot and restore and create a new database cluster based upon that snapshot. Then I could add an additional region to it to create a global database. And during that restore process, the cluster that I create, first, the cluster that I restore to is going to assume the role of the primary cluster for that global database. I can then add regions after the fact. And so I'll have to configure my database clients appropriately. Like if I have a client in the secondary region, I will configure it to perform reads using the reader end point in that particular region. But any write operations, I'm still going to have to send those to the primary cluster. Now there is a way around that, but it's a rather advanced feature and one that I'm not going to spend a lot of time on here. But if I don't want to do that, if I don't want to send those write operations back to that primary region, I can set up what we call write forwarding, where writes can actually be handled within this region, and then those rights are subsequently forwarded back to the primary region. Again, though, that's a little bit beyond the scope of what we're going to be working with here. Now let's take a moment to talk about the failover process here. And what I find interesting is that the failover process is kind of similar to promoting a read replica with RDS. So let's say that we have a region wide outage, right? Region one is down. Well we can now perform a failover. We can perform either a managed failover or an unmanaged failover. There's two options a manual failover or a managed. Failover. Managed failover is ideal. So when we perform a managed failover we are failing over to this secondary region. Essentially the database cluster in this secondary region, it's going to take one of its nodes and make that a node that can now receive writes. This is going to have a write end point. It's going to be able to receive write operations. And this is going to take a few moments. But this is now going to basically become an independent database cluster. And so now this cluster in a secondary region becomes the new primary. And we are going to have to configure our database clients to now start sending traffic to these new endpoints. So if I have applications that are going to be writing to this database, the endpoint is going to be different here. But yeah, as soon as one of these nodes gets promoted and becomes writable, now this other region can handle all read and write operations for the Aurora Global database. I just need to change the endpoint for my applications to point to this new endpoint. And with a managed failover, when the primary region comes back online, we can always fail back to it. But we're going to want to do if that situation occurs, is we're going to want to allow time for replication. So for example, let's assume that region one is down and it's down for two hours. I go ahead and I failover to region two. Now I've got database clients that are writing to the cluster volume here in region two. And so now if region one is back and and we want to go ahead and bring this back over write. We want to make region one the primary again. We can do that. But we have to wait for all of the data that's changed on this cluster volume and region two to replicate to the cluster volume in region one. Once that replication process is complete, I can do a switch over and we can get everything back to the original region. So that's how Aurora global databases can be used primarily for two main purposes. Number one, to be able to fail over from one region to another, or to be able to support read operations in multiple regions.