In this video, we'll learn about Aurora serverless and how it can be used to dynamically change the amount of CPU, memory, and network throughput based on the current demand. So let's start with an example. Use case. Let's say that my company hosts an online gaming platform, and this game that I'm hosting runs on a set of servers. And on the back end, we have a database that stores all of the data related to this game. And so as my users make progress throughout the game and they get different scores and they get to different levels, all of that progress is tracked within my database. And let's say that what we're seeing here is normal circumstances. So we have a typical number of users and we have a typical workload and everything works just fine. But now let's say we're releasing this awesome new feature for our game, and we expect a big increase in the number of players and the amount of time that they're going to play the game for. Well, this might require scaling of our servers and scaling of our database systems as well. And if I have a provisioned cluster in Aurora, that might be an issue because in a provisioned cluster I have a specific number of instances. I have a number of replicas, and they are going to be specific instance classes that I've chosen. And so if I'm going to have this big increase in workload, I may need to increase the number of replicas. And if I make it too big, I'm kind of wasting money there. My costs are going to go way up if I have too many instances, but if it's too small, then the game performance is going to suffer. And so in the situation where we have variable workloads. And we may have large increases in demand. A provisioned cluster can can be a significant challenge to maintain. Serverless can help us with that. So with a normal provisioned cluster, you have to scale it. You have to determine the right amount of CPU and memory. What do we actually need to handle the database's requirements? If you go too big you're spending too much money. If you go too small, you're not going to get the performance that you need. And Aurora serverless solves this problem by automatically adjusting the databases, CPU, memory, and network capacity based on the actual usage. So when we have a whole bunch of users. It automatically scales to provide the necessary resources. But let's say now it's the middle of the night and there's not as many people playing my game. Well, Aurora, serverless is going to scale down to save you money during those times of lower demand. So with a serverless cluster, you'll create the cluster. You'll specify the minimum and maximum resources. And from there you'll pay for the compute capacity that you're actually using. So during those slow times, you're not paying for compute capacity that's not being used. Aurora. Serverless version two is available for MySQL 8.0 and Postgres 13 compatible instances of Aurora. And this was actually an important enhancement with serverless version two. Now you can add a serverless instance within a provisioned cluster. So you might have a cluster of provisioned instances. You can add serverless on top of that to handle your scaling. So let's look at a couple examples of mixed configuration clusters. Let's say that you need more write capacity than an Aurora serverless version two writer can handle. Now we can set up a provisioned writer using one of the more powerful instance types, and in that case, the readers could be serverless and could be scaled as needed. So if I know I'm going to have a certain number of writes coming in and I need a really powerful instance to handle that, maybe I'll provision that. But if the number of reads are variable, then I can use serverless readers, and the readers will adjust to whatever the demand is at any given time, or let's say, in a different situation. Maybe the read workloads are very steady, but the writes can change drastically over time. Sometimes there's a lot of writes, sometimes there's very few. Well, in this case, I don't want to pay for a powerful writer instance during those times where the workload is very low. So maybe I'll have a serverless writer and then a bunch of provisioned instances for readers. Or I could just go serverless across the board. We could have it all be serverless. And now all of the capacity for my cluster, all of the CPU and memory resources are being managed by Aurora, serverless and our dynamically scaling as I need them to. Well, what about this situation? Let's say I've already created a provisioned cluster, but we want to see, hey, maybe serverless can help us here. And so in this diagram here I've got a provisioned writer. I've got an Aurora instance that is my primary and my cluster that is handling all of the write operations. And I've also provisioned two replicas. Maybe they're in two different availability zones. Those are handling all of my reads. They're giving me high availability. So if the writer fails, we can fail over to one of those provisioned readers. But maybe I want to add on top of that, an Aurora serverless database instance to the existing cluster as readers. And if we see, hey, these are constantly scaling up and then scaling down and then scaling up, then that's a good thing because they're absorbing all of the extra workload and you can even take a serverless reader and promote it to become the writer. To see how it handles performance when I replace a provisioned writer with a serverless writer. So that's one of the great things about serverless, is it's not an all or nothing thing. I can mix and match serverless and provisioned instances within the same cluster.