In this video, we'll learn about the different instance classes that are available with Aurora. And when you create an Aurora cluster, you can create it as a serverless cluster or as a provisioned cluster. So when you set up a serverless cluster, Aurora is going to automatically adjust the compute, memory, and network resources for you dynamically as the workload changes. So let's start with a basic diagram just to explain what I mean by this. So when I create an Aurora database cluster there are going to be instances within that cluster. I'll call this first instance instance one. Now this is a provisioned cluster meaning we're going to have servers database servers. And I can have one instance. Or I could have multiple instances using replicas within my cluster. And and there's a number of different instance types that I can choose from. But that's the basic concept of a provisioned cluster is I'm going to have these database servers that are provisioned with a specific amount of CPU and memory, and network and storage bandwidth that are in this cluster and that are handling all of the database operations. When we start talking about a serverless cluster, that's no longer the case. That CPU and memory is all going to be adjusted based on the current workload. So with a provisioned cluster you're more kind of setting in stone. Hey, here's the resources that I want. And within that cluster I can choose from different instance types and the different instance types have different performance characteristics. So here we are within the AWS documentation. Specifically we're looking at the user guide for Aurora. And you can see a URL for this documentation shown here on your screen. This is going to walk us through the different instance classes. And again we're going to start with serverless. So this is a special type of database instance that is going to automatically adjust the compute memory and network resources. If I am creating a provisioned cluster instead of a serverless cluster. What I'm doing is I'm adding memory optimized instance types. Or there are other instance types as well. But typically when you see the ECS family of instances or the R family of instances, these are memory optimized instance types. The number that comes after that letter is the generation. So let's specifically look at these db r instances. We've got db R7R means memory optimized, seven means the seventh generation, and g means that it uses AWS graviton processors. And you can see the newer generation of instances has newer processors than the older generation of instances. And so I can choose from these different instance classes and I can create database instances using those. Or I can use the Burstable performance instance classes. These are not going to give me the same level of performance as the memory optimized instance classes will. And again the naming convention is similar T stands for Burstable for that's the generation G means it's using graviton processors. And as we look at some of the older generations, they don't have that G behind them. Those are typically using Intel processors. And depending on the type of instance that you're using, it may or may not support these different database options. So you can see a nice little chart here showing all of the database engines and their versions that are supported for the different instance types. And you can see some of these instances like specifically the R 416 x and eight x and four x large instances. Those do not support Postgres. So you need to choose instance types that are compatible with your database engine. And now let's take a look at the pricing. Because the instance type that you choose will have an impact on the price that you pay. And so specifically we're going to look at Aurora pricing. And again we have different options here different types of instances that we can choose from. Let's start by looking at MySQL specifically with provisioned instances. And you can see the price is shown here. Now one of the things that you may notice as we look at these different instance types and specifically let's look at the DB R7G large. This is the seventh generation. This uses graviton three processors. And you can see the price per hour shown here. And down below I can see hey here's an older generation. This one's a little bit less expensive. And it's going to give me a little bit less performance. And if I look at some of the older generations even going down to like the R five large, that's where you may see something that's kind of interesting here. The R five large is the fifth generation. That's $0.29 per hour. The are six large. That's the sixth generation. That's $0.26 per hour. So it's $0.03 per hour less. And you may notice that from time to time, sometimes the newer generation of instances is actually less expensive than the older generation of instances, even though the newer generation of instances will typically outperform the older generations. So as you're designing your Aurora cluster, you want to be sure to choose the instance class that matches up with your use case and your performance requirements. But you also want to keep an eye on the pricing, because sometimes you may be able to go to a faster instance type and actually pay less money.