In this video, I'll show you how to add serverless to a provisioned database cluster. And so here you can see I've got the Aurora cluster that I created in the previous video. I'm going to click on actions and I'm going to choose Add Reader. Now I'm adding an additional reader instance. And I'm just going to call this instance identifier serverless. And rather than choosing this t for g medium that I did for the rest of the cluster, I'm going to choose serverless version two. And then I'm going to set my minimum and maximum acres, which are aurora capacity units. And so this serverless instance is going to scale automatically if I want to set a maximum or a minimum for here, I can or I can just leave it at the defaults. And then a lot of the configuration from here is going to be stuff that we've already seen. This is not going to be publicly accessible. I can pick which availability zone to put it in. I'm going to put it in US East two a I'm going to stick with the same database authentication options that I've chosen before. And I can set the failover priority for this instance. So if my other instances are tier zero or tier one, if I make this tier three for example, this will be the lowest priority for failover. And then I'm just going to scroll all the way down to the bottom here. And I'm going to click Add Reader. And what it's now doing is it's adding a third instance to this cluster. That's going to be a reader instance that is going to be serverless. And so this is how you would add serverless capacity to an existing provisioned cluster. And so I'm just going to pause my recording while this additional instance is created. Okay. And so now you can see my additional database instance is ready. My serverless instance is ready. And if I take a look at the cluster itself notice I still only have two end points. All of the reads are going to be directed to the reader end point, which will spread the workload across both of these reader instances. So now at this point, I have successfully created a mixed cluster. I have normal on demand instances here provisioned and I have a serverless instance provisioned. Let's say that I now want to make this cluster completely serverless. Or maybe I just want to make the writer serverless. There's a couple of different ways that I can go about that. Now option number one, I could just click on the writer instance here, and I can go to modify and under modify. If we scroll down here you can see that we can change the instance configuration. So I could change the writer instance from this t for g medium to a serverless instance. And I could just scroll to the bottom and continue this. And I could change the instance type of that writer instance. However, for the other option that I also have available here is I can fail over. So let's take a look starting with this reader instance that is an on demand provisioned instance. And let's go to modify and take a quick look at this instance. And specifically what I want to look at here is the failover priority. And I've configured a failover priority of tier 15 on this particular instance. That means that if a failure of the writer instance occurs, this has the lowest possible priority. So I'm going to cancel this. And you can modify your instances the same way. You can see I've also modified this other instance which is serverless. If we go to modify here I changed the priority of this one as well. And for this one I changed it to tier one. And so the effect of that is that now if my writer instance fails, if this primary instance fails, what's going to happen is that this serverless instance should take over. So we really have two options of how we can do this. I can just change the writer to serverless, and then I'll have a serverless writer, a provisioned instance and another serverless reader. Or I can fail over. And this provisioned instance that is currently the writer will become a reader and the serverless instance will become the writer instance. So let's do that. Let's fail over. So I'm just going to click on actions here. I'm going to choose fail over and I'm going to click fail over. And this will take a few minutes to complete. So I'm just going to pause my recording while the process carries out. And now you can see the results of the failover. The serverless instance had the highest priority and therefore it took over as the writer instance. Both of my provisioned instances are now readers. So that's another way that I could just change a reader instance that is serverless, make it the writer instance. And now I've got a mixed cluster where the serverless portion is handling all of the writes, and the provisioned instances are handling all of the reads.