-: In this video, I'm gonna walk you through these solutions for the Readiness Probe Lab. So for the first question, it's just letting us know that an application has been deployed and to go ahead and inspect the pods and services. So if we do a kubectl get pod, we can see that there's one pod called simple-webapp-1. And if I do a kubectl get service, we can see that there's two different services. The next question is just letting us know that if we click on the web portal icon it's going to open up the application in a new tab. And so that's going to be our web app right there. I'll hit Okay, we'll move on to the third question. And so there's been a test script provided. That's going to send requests to our web application. And you can access this script by doing a ./ and then calling curl-test.sh. And so you can see the response that's coming from the web server. For this next question, a new pod has been added to help scale up the application. And it's telling us to go ahead and run the script again just to see if we notice anything that's been changed. So if I do a kubectl get pod, we can see that now there's two pods, Pod 1, Pod 2. And then if I run the same script again, which is by running ./curl-test.sh, okay, so everything looks the same. But then now you can see that there's a couple of failures. I'm gonna stop this, I'm gonna hit Okay. Next question is just telling us to notice the fact that, you know, there have been some failures. So if you actually take a look at the output, it looks like anytime the request goes to webapp-1 everything is working. But when things go to webapp-2 for some reason it's failing. And so to address this, the next question is telling us to set up a readiness probe for webapp two so that we don't send a request to it when it's not ready. And so the requirements are we have to keep the same pod name, same image name. But we have to send a HTTP GET readiness probe to this /ready path on port 8080. So let's get that done. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna do a kubectl get pod. And then I'm gonna do a kubectl get pod simple-webapp-2. I'm gonna do -o dash YAML. So this is going to get the configurations currently so that we can use the same configs. I'm just gonna pipe it to a file. And I'll call this webapp2.yaml. And then I'm gonna do a kubectl delete pod simple-webapp-2 'cause we're gonna redeploy it. And once that's deleted I'm gonna open up that new YAML file that we created. And we wanna go under Spec and then Containers. And then we can add the configuration anywhere there. I'm just gonna put this under Ports. It doesn't actually matter where as long as it's under the container. And we wanna add a readiness probe. And it's gonna be an HTTP GET. The path is gonna be /ready, and the port is gonna be 8080. And that should be all that we have to do for the readiness probe. So I'll save that. And we're going to then deploy this by doing a kubectl apply -f and then webapp2.yaml. And so after that's been deployed we'll run the validation. And it looks like it's successful. So we'll go to the next question. The next question is just telling us to run the script again. So I'm gonna run the curl-test.sh. And we can see that the script is working. But all requests are going to the same exact pod. We can see all of them are going to webapp-1. We'll hit Okay, we'll go to the next question. And so the reason why all the requests are going to webapp-1 is because the pod isn't ready. Pod 2 isn't ready, so let's wait for Pod 2 to get ready. And then we're gonna run the script again. And we should see that traffic should be load balanced between the two pods. All right, and so now we can see that traffic is successfully getting load balanced between the two pods. The next question provides us a script that's going to crash one of our pods so that we can take a look and see what happens when one of our pods crashes. So we can run the script by doing a ./crash-app.sh. And so this is going to crash simple-webapp-2. And if we run the same curl-test.sh command, you could see traffic is getting load balanced to one at the moment. And if I do a kubectl get pod, you can see that it did in fact restart web app two. And we're just waiting for this application to be in a ready state. So because it crashed we're automatically going to restart it. So the answer to this question is the container inside the pod was restarted. And the next question is just telling us that, you know, when the application has gone down, web app two specifically, all the traffic is gonna be redirected to web app one. And we saw that when we ran the script all the requests go to web app one. The next question is telling us to run a freeze-app.sh script, which is actually going to cause one of the pods to freeze so that we can inspect and see what happens. So I'm gonna do a ./freeze-app. This is going to freeze one of the pods. And then we're gonna run the same curl script. So let's see what happens. And so we can see that there's several failures as well as a couple of successes. So once again, it looks like we froze Pod 2. And any of the requests that go to Pod 1 is okay. But anything that goes to Pod 2 is gonna fail. So the correct answer is gonna be new users are in fact impacted. For the next question, we need to update both pods to include a liveness probe in the scenarios where one of them freezes. So let's first get the configuration for both pods. And I'm gonna do a kubectl get pod -o yaml. And I'll call this webapp.yaml. And then I'm gonna do a kubectl delete pod. Instead of going one by one, I'm just gonna do a --all. And after those are deleted we'll open up the webapp.yaml file. And now what we wanna do is we wanna add a liveness probe. So we're under web app one. And so I'm gonna go just find a place under the container section. And I'm gonna add a liveness probe. And this is going to be an HTTP GET. And the path is gonna be /live. And the port is gonna be 8080. Then we're gonna set the period seconds to be one and the initial delay seconds to be 80. And what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna copy that for now. And we can paste this into web app two as well. So we'll scroll down to web app two. So here we're at web app two. And we're gonna go under Container. And I'm gonna just put this in the same section, so under Ports. And so we've got that added in there. And so now I'll save this. Okay, we've got no pods running. And I'm gonna do a kubectl apply -f webapp.yaml. And so let's run the validation now. And everything passed, so we'll go to the next question. For the next question it's telling us to run the freeze script so we can freeze one of the pods and then run the curl test again to see if there's any difference in impact. I'm gonna run the freeze script again. So this is gonna freeze one of the pods. And so if we do a kubectl get pod now, we can see that simple web app two was in fact restarted. We see one restart that happened 93 seconds ago. And now if I run the curl script you see that there's no loss. And so that's going to wrap up the Readiness Probe Lab.