Hello and welcome to this lecture, AWS Network Firewall. So, as of now we have seen a couple of firewalls already. You know how security group works and you know how the network ACL works. And we briefly talked about AWS WAF and AWS shield as well. Now, considering that we have so many firewalls already in AWS, then you must be wondering why this new firewall, that is AWS Network Firewall. Now, before we really jump into the details of AWS Network Firewall, I want to let you know that there are two types of firewalls typically, right? And we also talked about this in context of security groups and network ACL. So, one is the stateful firewalls. Now what the stateful firewall means? It means that it filters the traffic based on network packet context, as well as connection state. But what does that mean, right? So the context means that it involves the metadata of the packet including the IP addresses, ports, packet length, information about, you know, reassembly and defragmentation flags, TCP sequence number. So it's not just about source IP addresses, source port destination IP addresses, destination port, and protocol, right? It is much more than that. It actually looks at your connection, its state, if you're using say ICMP then, is your packet allowed to be defragmented, and similar things. So that's a context of the packet. And state refers to the connection of the state. For example, during the TCP handshake, you know that there are SYN flags and acknowledgement flags are set, right? And then the handshake complete. So stateful firewalls can also look at these flags and can decide whether you want to allow that traffic or not. And opposite of the stateful is stateless firewall. So when we talked about network ACL, we said that network ACL is a stateless because network ACL rules operate in isolation. That means it doesn't care whether it's a traffic, is a part of a connection, which is already approved. It always looks at the packet in isolation and apply all the rules that you write there. So at high-level, these are the two types of the firewall that you will find. And if you talk about AWS Network Firewall, it supports both stateful rules as well as stateless rule. But overall, you can consider the AWS Network Firewall as a stateful network firewall, and which is also an intelligent intrusion detection and prevention service for your VPC, right? So if you look at this architecture, you know that inside VPC you have subnets and then you launch EC2 machines, and then you want to put a firewall. The first thing you will use is a security group, which works at an ENI level. And if you want a subnet level protection, then you will put network ACL. Now, this is very simple. The traffic which is coming from or going to the EC2 instance, it has to pass through both these firewalls. So this works well. But if you look at these two firewalls, right? Network ACL and security group, they just allow you to, you know, provide the source IP address range or a destination IP address range for outbound rules and then the port numbers, right? The ports of the EC2 machine where the traffic can reach, or the port number of the destination machine, where the outbound traffic can reach. It doesn't really consider, you know, the payload of the data, the header information, all this is not checked by these two firewalls. And that's where you can't really do the deep packet inspection with these two firewalls. So the solution to that is of course, AWS Network Firewall. The way it works is you provision the network firewall endpoint inside your VPC. And when you say VPC, that means again, there are subnets and then all the traffic which is going to your machines inside your VPC, it should be routed through this firewall endpoint. So first the traffic will land into firewall endpoint, it will then go to AWS Network Firewall. It will inspect your packet as per the rules that you have written, and finally, the traffic will reach to your instance. And same applies for the return traffic as well, or the outbound traffic, which initiates from your EC2 instances, right? So this is how the network firewall works at very, very high-level. And now let's try to answer the question, why one more firewall, right? So you already have security groups, you already have network ACL, you already have WAF, but then what is different about AWS network firewall? So first thing protection at, at which level it provides the protection, security group, EC2 instance level, or you can say at ENI level, network ACL provides the protection at subnet level. WAF is an endpoint which protects you at load balancer and CloudFront and you know that it works at layer seven. However, network firewall will provide the protection for all inbound and outbound traffic to and from your VPC, right? Stateful or stateless, you know that security groups are stateful, which means that any traffic which is coming in it allows the return traffic and in case of network ACL, you have to look at the packet in isolation. That means it's stateless. WAF is also stateless and network firewall allows both stateless and stateful rules. So, OSI layer security group and network ACL works at layer three and layer four. WAF works at layer seven. Network firewall will work from layer three to layer seven. Now if you talk about the features, again, security group allows you to filter traffic based on the IP port and protocol, same with the network ACL, and in case of WAF, you can write various rules, right? Whether cross-site scripting or blocking particular IP address or rate-limiting rules, but in case of network firewall, it is much more intelligent. So you can write a stateless rules or stateful rules. You can block access to a particular domain, or you can detect the protocols like whether it's a TLS connection or not. And it can also allow you to have a large IP blocks to be, you know, whitelisted or blacklisted. So network firewall will give you all this protection. Now with respect to the flows, security group allows, or you can apply the security group for both ingress and egress traffic, same with the network ACL. In case of WAF, as I said, only the ingress traffic is filtered. And in case of network firewall, again, you can apply the firewall rules in both the directions and it is applied at the perimeter of VPC. That means whether traffic is flowing through internet gateway or virtual private gateway, or whether DX or VPN, or between the VPC to VPC communication, right? So if you look at this network firewall has much larger scope than the other firewalls. Okay, so I hope that is clear. And now let's look at quickly, what are the features of network firewall? So it filters the traffic at the perimeter of the VPC, such as the traffic going to or coming from the internet gateway, NAT gateway, over a VPN or a Direct Connect. And for stateful rules specifically, you can use something called Suricata which is an open source rule set, which has been developed by the community. So Suricata is an open source-based intrusion detection system and intrusion prevention system, in short IDS and IPS. And you can use all the Suricata rules into your network firewall. It also allows you to filter the domain names. That means if you don't want to allow access to any other domain than to aws.amazon.com, you can do that with the network firewall. Also it can block access to the bad domain. You can also use wildcard into a domain name, and it also allows you to do the deep packet inspection. So what that means is it does not only just look at the packet header, but it can also look at the packet payload and maybe edit out information about the packet, right? So that kind of deep packet inspection you can do with the network firewall. Okay, next is about the protocol detection. So you know that when the traffic is going over 443, then you assume that it's an HTTPS protocol, but that isn't necessarily that you can run different services also on the 443, but the network firewall can intelligently detect that the protocol is really an HTTPS and that's where you can say any other traffic than the HTTPS you want to drop it, right? You don't want to allow that. So this is possible with network firewall. And finally, you can import your rules which are written in a common open source rule format like Suricata, as well as, if there are third party partners, you can also integrate network firewall with them and you can, you know, import those rules from those solutions as well. So in short, that is what the network firewall is. And now let's look at the firewall components, routing, VPC architecture and how to write those rules. So, thanks for watching.