Hello and welcome to this lecture, network firewall components. And in this lecture, we will see everything about a firewall policy, rules, the stateless rules, stateful rules that AWS network firewall provides. So, this is the important lecture, if you want to really understand how network firewall works. So, at very high level network firewall contains the firewall. So, again, it's a regional service that you can create. So, ultimately firewall connects the VPC that you want to protect to the protection behavior that you define using the firewall policy. So, firewall will come with firewall policy. And in firewall policy, basically, you configure what are the rule groups that you want to include in this firewall policy, right? And this rule groups could be a stateless as well as stateful rule groups. And then there are some other settings, for example, in case of stateless rule groups, what is the default action if there is no match for, you know, incoming packets, if none of the rule matches, then what action it should be taken, whether traffic should be allowed or dropped, or it should be forwarded to a stateful rule group? So, you can define that kind of configurations for firewall policy. And remember that you can associate each firewall with just one firewall policy. However, one firewall policy can be attached to multiple firewalls. And the third component is of course rule groups. And rule groups are nothing but a collection of stateless and stateful rules that define how to inspect and handle network traffic. So, at high level, there is a firewall, firewall policy, and the collection of the rule groups. If I want to show that in a diagram, this is how it would look like. You would have firewall, you would have firewall policy. And inside policy, you will define the stateless rule groups as well as stateful rule groups. Now here, if you look at this, the incoming traffic that you want to inspect, first, the stateless rule groups will be applied and we'll see if there is any match. Now, if there is a match, then it can take further action whether the packet has to be dropped, or it has to be passed, or it has to be forwarded to the stateful rule groups. And we'll understand more about this. Now, one more thing to understand, that in case of stateful rule groups that are just standard 5-tuple rules, like you know, source address, destination address, source port destination address, and a protocol, right? Because they are the stateless rules. And in case there is no match for any of these tech lists rule groups and the rules inside those, then there is a default action that you can set inside your firewall policy. It says if traffic doesn't match any stateless rule group, what actions should be taken, whether the packet should be dropped, or it should be passed, or it should be forwarded to the stateful rule groups? So, ideally you would want to for only to stateful rule groups as well, so that, then you can apply, you know, IPS and IDS rules. And once it reaches the stateful firewall rule groups then you can define multiple types of the rules, the standard 5-tuple rules similar to the stateless rule group. And then you can also define domain list rules where you can whitelist or blacklist particular domain. And then most important is Suricata based rules that you can define. And we'll learn about these rules as well. Now, for stateful rules as well, there is action like you can drop the packet if it matches or pass the packet, or you can just send an alert which can be logged into the firewall logs. So, this is how the flow of the packet will look like while using the firewall and the firewall policies. So, I hope that it's clear. Now, let's understand what stateless rule groups offer. So, it inspects the each packet in isolation that we learned about the stateless firewalls already. And it does not take into consideration factors such as direction of the traffic, or whether the packet is a part of an existing or approved connections. And it provides the standard 5-tuple connection criteria, like, what should be the protocol? What is in source IP address range? What is a source port range, destination IP address range, and destination port range? And if there is a match then appropriate action is taken. The packet can be passed, or dropped, or it can be forwarded to the stateful rule groups, right? And when you write the multiple rules in the stateless rule groups, you can prioritize the rules. The lower the number, the higher the priority of the number. And they'll be evaluated in that priority order. The action it supports is a pass, drop, or forward to stateless. And it also allows some custom actions. If you want to just send CloudWatch metrics regarding your rule match, you can also do that. So, you can consider this stateless rule group similar to the behavior of network ACL because network ACL's are also stateless. They don't consider the flow or the direction of the traffic it's flowing through. So, in short, that's a stateless rule group. Now, how the rules in stateless rule group look like. There are 5-tuple as I said. There is a priority. There is an action. And then rule match setting should have protocol, source IP, source port range, destination IP, and destination port range. Optionally, there is also a TCP flags. That means, if you know the TCP flags, like for example, in a handshake there is a syn and acknowledge, and RSD kind of flags. Those are set. You can also try to match those flags in your packet. So, this is what does stateless rules look like. Now, let's understand the stateful rule groups. As I said, it takes into the consideration the context of the flow and the state of the connection as well. And it supports the Suricata compatible rules, which is an opensource intrusion prevention system. And it also supports the domain list filtering rules as well. Also, about the order of the processing, it's not like a stateless rule, but, first, it looks at the actions. So, pass rule will get the highest priority followed by the drop rules, and then alert rules. And then within every rule groups, like for example, you have five pass rules, then the priority of those rules will be looked at, right? So, it's a two level of the, you know, the ordering that it follows. So, the behavior of stateful rule group is similar to security group, but as you might have understood already, it's much more intelligent than the security groups. So, one thing to understand, by default, the stateful rule groups engine allows all traffic to pass. It's not like a security group that there is no inbound rule by default, but for example, you just create the stateful rule groups and you don't add any rule. Ultimately, that traffic will be allowed, right? So, that's different than the security group. Now, let's look at the stateful rule groups. 5-tuple rule you already know it's similar to the stateless. And there is also a domain list rules. Or it means that you can write both allow and deny list of the domain names. So, you can actually whitelist or blacklist the domain names using these rules. So, if you allow rules, and if none of the specification matches the domain name, ultimately, the traffic is denied. And deny is for blocking the particular domain name. And match settings, you can provide the domain list. For example, example.com, or you can use wildcard as a forced character. That means .example.com, but you cannot use example.something.com, right? The dot should be the first character. And protocol, it supports its HTTP and HTTPS. So, for HTTPS traffic, as you know, it's an encrypted traffic. So, it uses the SNI, server name indication, so that it knows that what is the domain name it is using as a part of SNI. So, this is how it works. And in case of HTTP traffic, it uses just plain headers to get the domain name. Next is the Suricata rule that it supports. Now, this is the most important one. Now, understanding Suricata rules in detail is out of scope for this course. And I would request to just go to this open source document and read more about it. But ultimately, every rule consist of the signature. Signature means you are writing the rules to, you know, avoid some attacks, right? So, what's that attack signature, right? That you define in the rule. So, again, in Suricata rules, you have actions which tells what to do when the packet matches that signature. The action could be again pass, or drop, or alert. Now, signature would also have header which defines which protocol it is, IP addresses, ports, and direction of the traffic. And then also there is a additional options that you can define in this rules. So, just an example, this is one of the rule. And if you look at this rule, there are various components. So, the first in red that you see is basically an action. Then comes the header, that's all this green part, and it defines the protocol, the source IP address range, source port range, destination IP address range, and destination. Then there is an options. Now, if you look at this very closely, the protocol is here, TCP. And then you see these two things, $HOME_Net and $EXTERNAL_NET. Now, these are basically the variables that you can use in your configuration file of Suricata rules so that you don't have to really modify your rules directly, but you just add those IP address ranges to this two variables, and then it will automatically dissolve runtime. And then there is port as well. You can define any, or you can define those specific port range here. And finally, there is a direction which says in which direction we want to apply this rule into and only supported arrows are right arrow. And you know, both these arrows that use the rule will be evaluated for both the traffic coming in and going out, or a written traffic. So, this is how the Suricata rule signature looks like. And finally, if you look at the evaluation order of your rule, you understood that incoming packet will be forced intercepted by network firewall endpoint. If it allows, then it is passed. Otherwise, the packet will be dropped. And same applies to the outbound traffic from your machine to the outside world. Now, if you look at closely to the rule engine consists of two types of the rule as you understood, the stateless rule groups and the stateful rule groups. The same has been shown here. Incoming packet will first get into the stateless rule engine. And then according to the priority of your rules, they will be evaluated. Any matching rule, it will take an action. Action can define on the rule level, whether you want to pass that traffic. In that case, rest of the rules are skipped, right? Then it doesn't go into the stateful firewall or any other rules if there is a match. And if the action is pass, the packet will be directly go into your VPC. But if the action is dropped then packet will be dropped there, and then no further evaluation would happen. And in certain cases, you want to just pass it to the stateful firewall. In that case, it will be routed here. Now, in stateful firewall as well, rule processing will happen according to the action force. That means force the pass rules will be evaluated then the drop rules and then all alert rules, right? And if there are multiple rules inside the pass action, then of course the rule priority will be looked at again. And in case of stateful engine, again, the action could be pass, or drop, or alert. Now, alert is something like, you know, you can log that entry so that later you can analyze what traffic was, you know, dropped or passed in my stateful rule engine. So, this is how the traffic flow looks like while using the AWS network firewall. And now, we will see AWS network firewall in action, where we'll set up few rules in the form of stateless and stateful rules. And we'll see how the traffic is allowed or denied in that case. So, thanks for watching.