Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now that you understood how AWS network firewall works, let's try to implement this on our own. And you know that network firewall works differently and you have to modify route tables for your subnet as well as for internet gateway and all these we'll see in this lab. So what is the objective of this lab? We want to host a web server on EC2 instance, that's the basic requirement. And then using the network firewall, we want to implement few rules. For example, we want to add stateless rule block to block the ICMP that is a ping requests to our web server, right. And then we also want to add the stateful rules so that from my web server I can only go to a certain domain name for example, aws.amazon.com, that's my outbound request, and that's to only using the TLS connection. So I shouldn't be able to use a plain HTTP outbound connection to this domain name and then all other traffic should be blocked, of course. Now this scenario is based on the AWS block, which is here. I just slightly modified this requirement here and accordingly I also modified my rules. So I'll talk about that as we proceed with the labs. So this is high-level requirement. And now if you look at the architecture that we want to build to achieve this, it should look something like this, right. You should have a VPC, in that VPC you would have to subnets in one subnet, which is here, it's a public subnet in which you would have public web server. And then there will be a firewall subnet in which you will provision the AWS network firewall endpoint. And there will also be internet gateway, of course. Now, if you look at the route tables for this three components, of course, for the public subnet, all the outbound internet traffic will go through the firewall endpoint. Now, in case of firewall endpoint, all the traffic will go through the internet gateway and for the internet gateway ingress traffic for the web server, the traffic should also be routed through the firewall endpoint. And this is an ingress traffic because your internet gateway will do the knotting. It will map the public IP of FIPs over to the private IP and this private IP is from this subnet and that's where you see this entry. So at high level, these are the route tables that you need to configure for your network firewall to be able to intercept that traffic. So I hope that it's clear and now let's understand which rules you want to add here in case of stateless and stateful rules. So for stateless, I will add one rule which will drop the ICMP traffic, and then rest of the traffic, I want to route through the stateful rule groups, right. Because then I want to take decision in the stateful rule groups where I want to allow the TCP traffic or not. And here in case of stateless rules, I will attach the priority as 10 and 20 so that the first rule that is a drop traffic will be evaluated first. Now, in case of stateful rules, I have added four rules. The very first rule is for allowing the SSH, that is because from this web server, we want to test the outbound connectivity so I also want to SSH to this machine. Second, I'm only allowing the HTTP traffic, that means I have a web server so I should be able to reach to web server over port 80, that is an HTTP traffic, and I should only be able to access my web server using the AWS provided DNS name. And that's where you see that, you know, the DNS name ends in dot amazonaws.com. That means I cannot access my web server using the public IP of the web server but only through the DNS name. Third, I will add this entry which allows the outbound request from this web server to only the domain name that is aws.amazon.com. And additionally, the traffic will only be the TLS traffic. That means I cannot use plain HTTP traffic or a TCP traffic to reach to this aws.amazon.com domain name. And finally, I have the rule which is drop all other TCP traffic so that there is no other traffic that can flow in and out of my web server. Now you'll be wondering if that is the case then how you are allowing the, you know, this HTTPS traffic to the aws.amazon.com. Because when the PCP handshake happens at that moment, the traffic is not DLS, right, it starts with TCP. Now, in that case, this drop rule should be applied and your traffic will be stopped. But for handling this use case, we have added this flow.established as a parameter, which allows the traffic to be dropped only when it is not an established traffic, that means for this TLS the TCP handshake has already happened and that's where it won't use this route to drop that traffic. But any other traffic, which does not meet this requirement will be dropped by this fourth rule. So overall, these are our requirements for firewall rules. Now, if I want to set this up, I need a basic setup to start with, right. That means I will need a VPC, I will need EC2 machines and all. Now, if you follow AWS blogs, everything can be set up using a cloud formation template, but here I have done that manually. So if you want to start, this is very simple. There is no AWS firewall, right, I'm just creating two subnets and one subnet would be public in which I launch a web server and then there will be a route table where the traffic goes to the internet gateway. So there is nothing fancy here, right, it's all, you know how to create this setup. Just remember one more thing that enabled the DNS hostname and DNS resolution on your VPC, because otherwise AWS won't locate the public DNS name for your EC2 instance. So in order to handle that, please enable these two settings because in our firewall rules, as you have seen, we are allowing HTTP traffic only for the web server where the DNS name ends in amazonaws.com. Okay, so for simplicity, what I've done is I already created this VPC and this subnets and internet gateway and I'll start from there. Now, once I have that set up, I will just SSH into this web server because there is no web server, as of now, it's just an EC2 instance, and I will install the HTTPD web server there and we'll start the HTTPD service. Now by launching EC2 machine, I also need to provide the security group, but I will just allow everything in the security group so that I know that traffic is not really getting blocked at the security group level and I'm not touching the network ACL as well. Now then verify that you are able to access the web server or a browser using the EC2 instance IP and our public DNS. Then also verify that you are able to ping to EC2 instance using the public IP or the public DNS. Now, this is a simple setup where there is no network firewall. Then we will create the network firewall in its designated subnet. And then we will also add corresponding stateful rule groups as well as stateless rule groups. Finally, once the firewall has been added, we need to modify the route tables, right. As I said to you, a route table has to, you know, take all this traffic through the firewall whether, you know, going to the internet or coming from the internet. And finally, once that is done, we will test the ping to the web server from local machine, it shouldn't work. And then we'll SSH to the web server, which should be successful because we have added that in our stateful rule. And from there, we will try to get some data from say, aws.amazon.com or HTTPS, which we should succeed, but any other domain names shouldn't work, right. That would be our final test. So if this works, that means our firewalls are working well. Now, as I said, for route tables you need to have the route table, something like this for your public subnet where your web server site, you will have the route table entry. You'll say is all the internet traffic will go through the firewall endpoint, for firewall subnet, all the traffic will be routed through the internet gateway and for internet gateway, any traffic that is going to your protected subnet here, it will go through the firewall endpoint. Now, as of now we haven't seen the route table for the internet. Now this is an ingress route table for the internet. And how you do that is you have to first go to the route table, you have to create the route table, and then when you associate the route table, there is an additional entry there which is age association, and at that moment, you can sell it internet gateway there and then that route table is associated with the internet gateway. Otherwise, if you go to the AWS console and go to internet gateway, you don't see an option to add a route table to the internet gateway, right, so just remember that. So with that, let's get started and now I'll just jump to my console. Okay then, you can see that I already created this demo VPC with DCIDR 10.0.0/16. And in this, I created two subnets, one subnet for the firewall and one subnet for the web. And this CIDRs are 10.0.100.0 and 10.0.0.0. Now, for the subnet for the web server I just modified the route table to add entry for internet gateway and this is very simple, I'm not adding the firewall as of now, as I told you, right. So it's a public subnet, and I haven't touched this firewall sub-net as of now. And then if you see the route tables, I have two route tables, one for the web server and I have the route to internet gateway and then I also attached to the corresponding subnet. Now for the firewall, also I created a route table and I just also need to attach it to the firewall subnet here. So I'm just doing that. Now, I'm not really launching anything in the firewall subnet as of now, so it doesn't really matter, but the setup is really very simple. Then what I additionally did is I launched a web server inside my VPC in the web server subnet and I associated the public IP as well. And on the VPC level, I also have the enable DNS resolution and the hostname setting steps where it also got this public DNS. Now, what I did is I just connected to this instance or an SSH and now I'll just install the web server. So let's do that and then also let's start the web server. (keyboard clacking) And finally, let's just create one dummy file so that we can access this web server and some web pages displayed. This is my web server, that's it. And now if I access this web server or an IP address, it should work. Right, it works. And similarly, if I get it public DNS name, it should also work. So using this DNS name I can also access my web server. Okay, so that's the test that we did. Now, our setup is ready with the starting point and now let's get into the, you know, mood where we want to set up everything else, right. So we want to create now firewalls and corresponding group tables and everything. So let's do that now. So I'm going back to my console and AWS network firewall is part of the VPC console, so let's go there. There's already one firewall, I'm not going to use that, so let's create a new firewall and let's give it a demo as the name and VPC, we want to choose the one that we created, which is demo one, the easy, I want to just have one easy and the subnet we have 10.0.100.0, this one. Okay, and we want to create a firewall policy which is empty. To start with, let's give it a name demo firewall policy and also just let's change the name to demo firewall here, that's it and let's create the firewall. So it will take a couple of minutes for this firewall to be ready, by the time I'm just pausing this video. Okay, you can see that the firewall status is ready and now let's go to the network firewall rule groups. And there're older rule groups, I'm not going to use those. Let's create the stateless rule group, and let's call it demo stateless. And you have to mention some capacity, how many rules you want, so let's keep it 100. So you can add a priority, as you know, the lowest the priority the rule will be evaluated in that order. So, first we want to have the rule with ICMP and here let's give the priority as 10 so that we can insert a rules later as well. And the source is anything and the destination is anything. And I want to drop all this traffic, right. So I'm just adding this rule and then I'll add another rule, which say priority 20 and all protocols for any IP address, I want to just forward this traffic to my stateful rule groups, and let me just add that. So just this two rules for the stateless rule group and we are just creating that now. And now also let's create the stateful rule groups, and in that case, let's select the stateful, let's call it demo stateful, define the capacity as 100. Now, in this case, we are not using the 5-tuple format, we are not using the domain list, but we are using the Suricata compatible IPS rules. And you can grab this from the downloadable content or you can also just type it here. So let me get this rules from my presentation. So I have this four rules here I'm just copying those and I'll just put it here. Okay, you can see that first rule is about allowing the SSH. Second is for allowing the HTTP traffic so that I can access my web server or the browser. And third rule is for connecting to aws.amazon.com from my web server. And fourth is to drop anything else, which is our TCP traffic. So let's create this and now I have this two rule groups, but understand that as of now, we haven't added these rule groups to our firewall policy. So let's go to the firewall policy and let's add this two rule groups. So the first one is the stateless, so let's select that. And similarly, let's also add this stateful rule group here. So I'm just adding the demo stateful rule group here. Okay, so on the firewall side, we are good, everything is set up and now what's remaining, if you know, is our route tables, right, we need to modify all these three root table so that traffic can flow through this firewall endpoint. So first let's modify the route table for a public subnet. Now, in this case, all the traffic to internet should go through the firewall endpoint. Now, for that, we need to first get the firewall endpoint. So if you go to the firewall and go to it's details, you will find the firewall endpoint there, and we will need this firewall endpoint for our route table so I'm just copying this firewall endpoint. Right, now let's go to the route tables and the web route table, routes and I'm just now modifying this. Now this is a public subnet when we created earlier, but here instead of internet gateway, I want to use my firewall endpoint and just save the changes, so that is done. Now for the firewall route table, I want to have all the traffic going through the internet gateway, right. So let's do that and save the changes. If you're confused, just look at this architecture and you should be able to understand what I'm doing. Now, the third thing which is new to you is having the route table for the internet gateway. Now, in order to do that, let's create a new route table first. So let's go to the route table and create a route table, say demo igw route table in the VPC, and just create that route table and then as in routes, we will again add, if the traffic is going to the web server subnet, which is $10.0.0.0/24, again it has to take the route through the firewall endpoint and save the changes. But as of now, this route table is not associated with the internet gateway. In order to do that, as I said, you need to go to the age association and then you need to attach this to the internet gateway. So remember, this is important step, right, and save the changes. Okay, so I think we are done with the architecture that we want to try. Now, let's verify what's happening here, right. First of all, let's verify if we are able to access the web server using the IP address. If you just refresh, this is not working. Now, this is because in the stateful rules, we said that only HTTP traffic for the domain name which ends in amazonaws.com should be allowed. Now, if I refresh this page, ideally it should work, I can also test this like this and this is working, right, that means our stateful rule groups are working. Also let's verify if ping is working or not. We had blocked all the ping requests so let's go to the command prompt and let's say ping to the IP address and it is not working. Also, let's ping to this public DNS and you can see this is also not working because in a stateless rule group we have defined that block the ping request. Now, one more thing we want to try is we want to log into this website or our SSH and then we want to see if we can reach to, you know, aws.amazon.com or our TLS connection. So let's go to this session, I'm just going to duplicate this and you can see I'm able to log into the web server or SSH that's because I have allowed that in our stateful rule groups. Okay, so I'm here, now let's try to do something like this curl, first let's try, http://aws.amazon.com. Now, even though it's an aws.amazon.com DNS that we have white listed in those stateful rule groups this one work, because we said the condition has to be the TLS. That means it should be an HTTPS connection. And if I do that, I get the page of aws.amazon.com. And at the same time, if I do something different, maybe let's try to do https://google.com. So it won't work because we are white listing only the domain name that we are interested in. So this is what we wanted to achieve and I think this is working perfectly as we expected. And that's it about the Network Firewalls. So I hope you enjoyed this lecture and you understood how these things work. Now, make sure that when you do this exercise, you delete all your resources because everything is charged, right. There is an EC2 instance, there's a network firewall everything has a price. So make sure you delete all those resources. So thanks for watching and stay tuned for more exciting stuff. Thank you.