Hello and welcome to this lecture, gateway load balancer. Now, this is one of the most important service that AWS launched recently in the networking domain and this service was launched during the re:Invent 2020. Now, before gateway load balancer, there wasn't a standard way or a good way to really deploy third party virtual network appliances in AWS and then the ability to route all ingress or egress traffic through that third party virtual appliances. There are some architectures that we are going to talk throughout this lecture but then there wasn't a very good way which will give you the high availability as well as scaling capability and that is what exactly the problems, this gateway load balancer that solves. So whether your traffic is a north-south, that means it's going to the internet or coming from the internet or the traffic between multiple VPCs, which we typically call east-west traffic. You can put a gateway load balancer as a transparent gateway in between and then all the traffic can be then inspected using the gateway load balancer endpoints. Now, when we say traffic can be inspected, it is not just about, say a firewall or IPS or IDS system but maybe you want to do some analysis of that traffic, or you want to mirror that traffic. So there are so many use cases that you can implement using the gateway load balancer. So with that, let's get started and see why gateway load balancer was introduced and what problems it solves. Okay. So if you go a few years back, we had hardware-based network appliances and typically any organization wanted to have the same policies or same network traffic inspection policies whether they're operating on premises or in AWS Cloud. Then the only option was to host this network appliances in on-premise data centers. Now, in this case, if you look at this architecture, there needs to be a VPN connection between a cloud and your on-premise network. And then any traffic that lands into your cloud application first has to get routed back to your on-premise network appliances, do whatever analysis you want to do, and then the packet comes back to the applications. So this is an architecture that people use to implement because one, the appliances were hardware-based. They were not virtualized. And second, the companies wanted to have same policies across both the networks. Now, if you look at this architecture, it's complex, there is a lot of routing and re-routing involved here because as the traffic lands here, you have to force this traffic to on-premise data center network appliances then you have to route that back to your applications. So you can imagine, you know, there are very complex routing policies involved there. And of course, there would be a high latency because packet has to flow from AWS to your on-premise data center and come back, so this clearly is inefficient. And in order to solve some part of this problem, what AWS did in 2019, again, launched something called ingress routing for your VPC. Now what does that mean is, from internet gateway, if there is an ingress traffic that is coming to an internet gateway from outside, you can route that traffic to your on-premises via your virtual private gateway. So you can associate the route table to internet gateway and you can say if the traffic is for your application server, it has to first go through VGW and in VGW, you have already an VPN connection which will take that all the traffic to on-premises and from there, traffic will come back to the VGW and to your application server. So this is, again, the same problem of latency is there but now routing is becoming simple for you at the AWS end because you are using the VPC ingress routing. So in this case, routing is simple but still is the high latency. So how do you solve that problem? So the partners of AWS or that are known companies which operates in the appliance world for the network, like Cisco Juniper and so many there are checkpoints, right? They virtualize their network appliances which means that now you could have the network appliances running on the virtual machine inside your VPC on EC2 machine, right? So now instead of having hardware-based network suppliers, you could have EC2 based network appliance and now as you learnt about the VPC ingress routing, you can configure the internet gateway route table and say, if the traffic is going to your application subnet, it has to go first to the ENA of your network appliances. So this is what VPC ingress routing can do, right? Now, you host your network appliance on this EC2 instance and then if you look at, say an ingress traffic flow, as the traffic comes from the internet, it looks at this route table and if the traffic is for your application. So, you know, that internet gateway also does the natting and it would send the traffic to 10,0,10,0,24 subnet because application is there and it is having a public IP of itself and before sending it to this, it will directly send it to the ENA of network appliance and then once it lands into the network appliance, it knows how to send this traffic to the application because it has the destination IP, application would receive the packet and then it will respond. While responding, it will also look at its own route table and here the ingresses, if the traffic is going out, it has to again go through the network appliance ENI. Now that ENI is of this network appliance here and the traffic comes back. Again, it looks at its own route table, it says traffic is going to the internet, it has to go through the internet gateway and that's where the data and traffic also goes out. So with VPC in this routing, you can see that you can use network appliance for any ingress or egress traffic, right? So you can inspect the traffic centrally via this network appliance. So this is a good solution and a lot of companies are using this on AWS. But do you see a problem with this architecture? Now, if you go to the AWS documentation or best practices, it always says that your application architecture should be highly available and this architecture isn't highly available for the reason that there are no multiple AZs. We are still talking about single AZ or availability zone. Now, if you bring in another network appliance in another AZ, typically what you would have to do is to add one more route table into here in the ingress routing table and say the traffic has to go through another ENI. But if one of the network appliance goes down, the route table will still send traffic to the same ENI which doesn't exist. That means your traffic will be dropped. Now this is not what you want, right? And that was the problem. That means with this architecture, you cannot have a change, neither you can scale your network appliances. If there is so much traffic coming to your application and suppose there is a bandwidth limit of this network appliance, or say a packet processing limit appliance then you are bound by the highest capacity, right? You can't horizontally scale this network appliances. So that is what exactly the problem was and in order to solve this problem, AWS introduced the gateway load balancer. So in the next lecture, let's see how gateway load balancers solve this problem and how the architecture and traffic for gateway load balancer looks like. So, stay tuned. Thank you.