-: Okay, so in this lab we'll get introduced to deployments. So let us begin. The first question is, how many pods exist on the system? So let's run kubectl get pods command, and we see there are no pods. And the next one is to identify the number of replica sets, and there are none. So the answer is zero. Okay, and now it's a number of deployments, so get deployments, and that's zero as well. So it's a clean environment. There are no pods, no replica sets, or deployments at the moment but some changes have been made. So we'll now check the deployments again. Okay, so there is one deployment. Okay, so the answer is one. Now how many replica sets exist on the system? Now we know that there's one deployment. We do not know how many replica sets. So let's just run the get rs command again to check the number of replica sets. So that's one replica set. So basically the deployment called front end deployment has now created a replica set named front end deployment, dash, some numbers. So that's the name of the replica set that the deployment has created. And then let's also check the number of pods now. And there are four pods. So basically that's what we're trying to understand here. There was nothing before, but when we created a deployment, it's created a replica set, and then it's also created four pods. Now, out of all the existing pods, how many are ready? So if you look at the status here. Out of four pods, zero are ready. So let's select zero. And what is the image used to create the pods in the new deployment? So let's take a look at one of the pods in a bit more detail. Describe pod front end deployment. And maybe we'll just pick one of the pod. And we see the image used is busy box 888. So let's select that. Now I know that there's a little bit of repetition but we're in different exercises here, but this is mainly to get you familiar with some of these commands, right? The get commands and the describe commands. And I promise that we have more fun stuff coming up in the upcoming labs. So we're just getting started. Okay, so why do you think the deployment is not ready. And as before, we know that it's because the image busy box 888 does not exist. So let's select that. Okay, so the next task is to create a new deployment using the deployment definition one file in root. So we're already in root, so let's check this file. So let's try to create the deployment using the file. Okay, and it didn't go. It didn't go through. So there is some kind of error. So it says no kind deployment is registered for version apps slash v1. So if we look at the file, we see that the API version is app slash v1 which seems to be correct, but the kind is deployment, which is also right, but the issue is that it's case sensitive, right? So the first character has to be a capital letter. So that's kind of the standard for kind. So the reason we have these kind of exercises is just to help you understand and learn how to, you know, know what the issue is when you come up across these errors. So oftentimes you'll face these kind of errors because of these kind of typos or, you know, a word's not being spelled correctly or not in the right case. And you should know what those mean when you see these kind of errors. So there are possibilities that you may mix up the API version or kind. And we don't want to spend a lot of time during the exam just not knowing what those are. So that's the reason for these kind of exercises. So I've just fixed that and let's proceed with the creation. Okay, so that went through. And the final task is to create a new deployment with the below attributes. So you have the name, you have the replicas, and you have the image. So to create an object, we know we can run the kubectl create command. And this time we wanna create a deployment. And let's take a look at the help for that. And we see there are different options. So you can create a deployment, specify a name with an image. So we have a name and we have an image where we also wanna specify the number of replicas. So there is a command just for that. So you have the name, the image, and the replicas. So that's what we're going to follow. So run the kubectl create deployment command and specify the name, which is httpd front end. And the image is, and it's good to create a practice of just copying and pasting from the question as that will also help you in the exam if you are learning this for the purpose of giving the exam. And the replicas is number three. Okay? And also make it a practice, always verify if what you did is right. So kubectl get deploy. We have the httpd front end deployment and we also wanna make sure that it goes to a ready state. Yep. So three out of three are ready. Check our work. Okay. So that's done. And that's the end of this lab.