Hello and welcome to Apache Spark Programming on Databricks Course. In this first lecture, I will give you a very high level introduction of Apache Spark. We will try to understand what is Apache Spark, what it can do, what are its capabilities and why Apache spark. So let's start. Go to your browser and try to search Apache Spark. We will try to understand what is Apache Spark. Most likely your search will give you first result. Apache spark official website. Spark Apache. Let's go there and try to understand how they define Apache Spark. What official website says? What is Apache Spark? So what is Apache Spark? Apache spark is a multi-language. What does it mean? It supports multiple languages, for example Python, Scala, R, Java. At least four languages are very popular for spark programming. So Apache Spark is a multi-language engine for executing data engineering, data science, and machine learning on a single node machines or clusters. Let's try to understand it a little bit in more detail. So Apache Spark is a multi-language engine. It is also a framework. They don't say it here, but for our understanding, we understand that it is not just a engine, but also a framework for developing or executing data engineering pipelines. If I want to complete that. So what is data engineering? Data engineering is all about collecting, extracting and preparing data for analysis, machine learning, AI and other things. So Apache Spark is a engine and framework for developing data engineering pipelines. Data engineering pipelines means collecting, extracting and preparing data for analysis, machine learning, and AI work. Apache spark is also a framework or engine for developing data science or for doing data science work. What is data science? Data science is also extracting and analyzing information from large data sets. Data engineering is collecting, extracting, preparing data for analysis, and data science is extracting and analyzing information from the data. So data engineering is first part and then data science is second part. So Apache Spark also allows us to do that. And machine learning. What is machine learning then? Machine learning is all about developing systems that learn from data to predict responses. So Apache Spark is a kind of very powerful and unified platform that allows us to do data engineering means collect, extract, prepare data, do data science one once it is collected, extracted and prepared, and also do machine learning on the data engineered using Apache Spark. And all this can be done on a single node machine means on your laptop or on a server in your organization, on a single machine, or on the clusters. What are clusters? Clusters means a group of computers combined together to execute your application in parallel, Right. So that are the clusters. So Apache Spark is a multi-language engine for executing data engineering, data science, machine learning on single node machines or clusters of computers. So that's what high level means. What is Apache Spark? Now let's try to understand what are the Apache Spark's capabilities or how Apache Spark gives us capabilities to do all these things. So here is the list of Apache Spark capabilities. I have just pasted the same definition. What is Apache Spark? From the website we can do data engineering, machine learning and data science. But how what Apache Spark gives us to do that? Apache spark gives us NC SQL capability. So we can use SQL. We can write SQL, execute SQL on the data using Apache Spark. We can use batch processing APIs. So Apache Spark gives us a batch processing API, which can be executed to collect large volumes of data, prepare and process large volumes of data on a distributed cluster. So batch processing APIs, stream processing APIs. Apache spark also gives us stream processing APIs, which can allow us to collect, process, produce data in near real time. That means within seconds or minutes. So Apache Spark also gives us stream processing APIs. These three things together can be used for data engineering, data science, and Apache. Spark also gives us machine learning APIs so that we can use Apache Spark itself to implement machine learning solutions on the collected data using these three NC SQL batch processing APIs and stream processing APIs. Data collected using these three things. So these are the capabilities. Who is using Apache Spark? Thousands of companies, including 80% of the fortune 500 companies, are using Apache Spark. So that's about what is Apache Spark, how it gives us those capabilities. What are the capabilities offered by Apache Spark? Who is using Apache Spark? Now let's try to understand why Apache Spark, why not something else? So here are five points in support of Apache Spark. Why Apache Spark? Apache spark offers us a layer of abstraction through SQL, through APIs, so that we don't have to worry what is happening behind the scene, right? How my program is executing and doing the actual task. Instead, we use high level APIs that gives us abstraction from the complexities and that makes it easy. So spark is easy to use. So ease of use is another reason. Unified. So Apache Spark is a unified platform engine and framework right and unified for doing SQL, doing batch processing, doing stream processing, doing machine learning and integrating artificial intelligence capabilities, LLM capabilities also. So it's a unified platform that gives you a complete solution for developing and maintaining data applications. It is open source. That's another point in its favor. And it has a huge ecosystem. Apache spark is itself an ecosystem, but there are many other tools, many other vendors, many other companies. They provide supporting tools and other tools that are or other capabilities that are not offered by Apache Spark alone itself. So it has a huge ecosystem. It integrates with almost every system that can work with the data, or that needs to work with the data. So these are five reasons why we should be using Apache Spark for doing data engineering, data science and machine learning, for doing batch processing data, and for doing real time or near real time stream processing of the data. So that's all about what is Apache Spark. I'll see you in the following lecture and we will start learning Apache Spark programming. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.