Welcome back. In this lecture I will talk about Spark system architecture or Spark's internal system architecture, simply known as Spark architecture. Why do we want to learn about Spark architecture? Knowing spark system architecture helps us to know spark in a better way and become a better spark programmer. So it is important to understand how Spark system itself is designed or structured. So let's start talking about spark system architecture. This diagram represents the spark system architecture, the whole spark system. But to understand this we will have to start from the center from the middle which is known as spark core, the core of the spark. Above that core, there are so many things below that core. There are so many other things. But in the middle we have Spark Core, also known as spark RDD APIs. RDD stands for Resilient Distributed Data Set. It's explained later what it is, but for now, you can simply understand that a spark core is the main or the core of the spark, and it is nothing but a set of libraries and APIs written in Scala language. Simple, right? So when you write a spark program and when you execute spark program, ultimately Scala language code or the libraries and APIs written in Spark Core in Scala language are executed. So that's done. Once this Spark Core was developed later, the spark creators decided to make it available in multiple languages, some other popular languages to increase the adaptability of the spark system. So they started writing wrappers wrapper libraries in four other languages. Python. Scala was already there because Spark Core was written in Scala, then Java wrapper and then R wrapper. So these four wrappers are written on top of the Spark Core RDD APIs. And these wrappers facilitate or these wrappers were written for four different libraries. They are also considered for different programming interfaces for the spark. So as a spark programmer or spark developer, we will be using one of these four libraries. The first part is SQL and data frame APIs SQL. You know, SQL is itself a kind of language. You can write SQL and execute it and it will do your work. In spark. The SQL is known as spark SQL, which is Ansi compliant. So most of the spark SQL syntax is same as Ansi SQL syntax. So if somebody already knows SQL well they already know spark well, right? They can do a lot of work using SQL on the spark system. So that's one thing SQL. Then data frame API. These two are kind of paired together. Spark data frame APIs are programming interface. They are language programming interface. Data frame APIs are available in Python, Scala, Java and R. SQL is a language itself. So spark DataFrame API. You can write it in Python, Scala, Java R and do your spark programming. One important thing about all these four different types of libraries are that they are finally converted and compiled by spark into Spark Core RDD API. So Spark system is a kind of compiler. Also, you write code in SQL that SQL code is converted into data frame API internally automatically at runtime. Those data frame APIs are compiled or converted into a Spark Core APIs. In Scala, you write it in Python, it is converted into spark core Scala code and then Spark Core Scala code runs. So first interface SQL and DataFrame API both together. We mix in together while programming also and do our work are available in all four languages and used mainly for data engineering work. Data analytics work also can be done using these APIs. The second set of APIs or a second library is known as Spark Structured Streaming Library or Spark Structured Streaming API. These are specialized APIs for doing the near real time stream processing in terms of data engineering work. So these are there. Then they also developed pandas API. Pandas API are spark APIs following pandas syntax. So you write code in pandas API or pandas syntax. Execute it on spark system. And those pandas syntax code will get converted into spark core RDD. APIs in Scala and then executed to do your work. Why pandas API? The spark creators thought that if somebody is already familiar with pandas syntax, they are pandas expert. They can use that knowledge to write spark programs that can be executed on a distributed cluster using the spark engine. But if you are new and learning, you already do not know pandas. Then it is recommended to use SQL and data frame APIs. Pandas API has a limited support. It is not as extensive as SQL and DataFrame APIs, but we have pandas API also. Then next set of library Or APIs is known as ML. ML stands for Machine learning, ML is machine learning, Lib is library. So ML lib is a specialized set of APIs to do the machine learning work. So that's how spark is structured or architected. The main part is in these two boxes right at the core we have spark Core or also known as Spark Engine. On top of that, we have bunch of wrappers to make spark available in multiple languages, in multiple libraries to do specialized kind of work. Data frame and SQL for doing data engineering work and data analysis work. Structured streaming for doing stream processing. Pandas APIs for doing data engineering and data analysis using pandas syntax ML lib for doing machine learning libraries on top of that. Recently, Spark Creators, or Spark community developed something called Spark Connect. Spark connect is simply to make spark available in a client server architecture. What do we mean by client server architecture? You run your code on the client machine, but it gets connected to a server and processed at the server and you get the result back, right? So this entire spark system suppose is installed and configured on a large cluster remotely a dedicated cluster, right. Uh, remotely. You want to execute your code or your data engineering code from a web server, from a application server, which is different. So how do you do that for doing that? Spark connect was designed as a way to make spark available in the client server mode. So you run your spark code or trigger, or initiate your spark code from your application server or web server. Use Spark Connect to connect to the spark server, deployed remotely on a large server machine or on a large cluster, and get your work done. So that's what Spark Connect is. So that's all about the spark. But for executing your code we write code in SQL or data frame API or structured streaming API's or pandas API or in Mllib. Right. We want to execute it, run it. For executing that code, we need a machine. Spark is designed to execute our code on a cluster of machines, on a distributed mode in parallel, so that we can do things faster. We can process large volumes of data. So for executing your code, you need cluster machines so that cluster can be Considered as compute cluster. That cluster could be available as on premise system, or it could be available on the cloud platform. Right? You can have your cluster of machines on premise, or you can have your cluster machines on the cloud. So to make that work, spark needs a resource manager which will facilitate the CPU, the network, the storage, all those things which will manage for the cluster. So spark behind the spark core. Behind the Spark's actual application, there is a resource manager that spark needs, and the spark system is designed in a way that it can work with three different types of resource manager. The one Resource Manager was initially developed by spark itself. It is known as Spark standalone Resource Manager. Another resource manager is known as Yarn Resource Manager Yarn, which is part of the Hadoop system. And finally it was also made available for Kubernetes Resource Manager. So behind the spark you can deploy or build your cluster using spark standalone yarn or Kubernetes. And these things require the cluster right. So you can have cluster on Hadoop. When you have cluster on Hadoop, the resource manager will be Yarn. You can have cluster on AWS cloud or cluster on Azure or cluster on GCP. The resource manager could be spark standalone or Kubernetes. It can be Yarn, but then it will be Hadoop and Yarn both on the cloud. But the standard is to use AWS, Azure or GCP cluster with either spark standalone or with Spark Kubernetes. The most popular architecture is on GCP or on the Google Cloud Platform. It uses Kubernetes, and in Azure and AWS it uses spark standalone. So that's the next layer. And then to read or to store your data or to store the process results, you need storage. So that storage can be HDFS, Hadoop Distributed File System or Hadoop storage. It can be Amazon S3 storage. It can be Azure Data Lake storage. It can be Google Cloud Bucket or Google Cloud Storage. So that's at a very high level a spark architecture. It might not make very good sense at the beginning if you are a beginner, but this is how it is. And slowly your understanding will keep on improving as you start learning and coding. Spark. So just to quickly summarize, Spark Core is the core of the spark system. It is written in Scala on top of Scala Spark core. There are multiple language wrappers and these wrappers make us spark available in SQL using DataFrame API, spark structured streaming APIs, pandas APIs, ML APIs, and this entire spark system can be installed and configured to run on Hadoop cluster for your on premise deployment. On premise cluster on Hadoop. Cluster on AWS cloud. On Azure cloud, on on Google Cloud Platform, and, uh, wherever it goes, it will require a resource manager to manage the cloud resources and utilize the cloud resources. So, uh, compatible resource manager, based on where you are building your cluster can be used. Spark allows us or allows the deployment architects to use one of these three spark resource managers and it can read and write data. It can integrate, uh, data storage with these options HDFS, S3, ADLs, and Google Cloud Storage. This is the entire spark system, right? And this can be deployed in client server mode using Spark Connect. If we don't use Spark Connect this entire thing is server only server. So you write your code, you deploy your code on the server and execute on the server. That's how it is. But if you want to use Spark Connect, then you deploy your server remotely and execute your spark code from the remote server from a client using the Spark Connect. So that's all about the spark architecture. See you again in the following lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.