Welcome back. In this lecture I will talk about Apache's Spark platform and development environments for Apache's Spark. So let's start. In the previous lecture, we learned about the Spark platform architecture or Spark system architecture, right? And we learned that out of these things, Apache Spark is only these two boxes, the Spark core and a set of libraries on top of the Spark Core. That's all. These two things are part of the Apache Spark, right? But for running and operating Spark applications or data pipelines, you need a resource manager. It could be Spark Standalone, YARN or Kubernetes, but you need some resource manager, which gives resources for running these Spark application. Resources means CPU memory, et cetera. You will need a compute cluster, the hardware, right, for running a Spark application. These can be provided by Hadoop cluster or AWS Cloud or Azure Cloud or Google Cloud platform. But you need resources and resource manager, right? Spark also stores data, right? But the Spark Library or the Spark Framework doesn't have a storage. So you need a distributed storage for storing your data. That distributed storage can be provided by HDFS, Hadoop Distributed File System or Amazon S3 or Azure ADLS or Google Cloud Storage, right? The point is super simple. Apache Spark is just a framework and a library. You can develop Spark applications using this framework or library. But for testing a Spark application, for running a Spark application or deploying and operating it on day-to-day basis, you need lot of other things, at least three things that I've listed here. Resource manager, compute cluster, and a storage layer. These three things are not part of Spark. So Spark alone is not enough. What do we mean? We need a complete platform that combines all this together. Apache Spark, Core, these libraries, resource manager, compute cluster, storage plus lot of other things like security, like governance, capabilities, lot of other things. So all those things are packaged and offered by different vendors and those things are known as Spark platform, right? So we need a complete platform which offers this entire thing. That's what we mean by a Spark platform. What are the different types of platform available in the industry? There are two types of platforms available for Apache Spark. One is cloud platform that brings Spark on the cloud. You can have Spark running in the cloud on the clusters or machines offered by the cloud platform and using a storage offered by the cloud platform. So most popular cloud platform for Apache Spark is Databricks. There are a few others like AWS, EMR, Google Dataproc, Azure HD Insights. But most popular and most widely adopted platform for Apache Spark on the cloud is Databricks. Spark platform is also available for on-premise clusters, on-premise platform and that is mainly offered by the Cloudera Hadoop. Earlier there were two Hadoop platforms, Cloudera and Hortonworks. Now they merged together and there is only one company that offers Hadoop platform known as Cloudera Hadoop. And Cloudera Hadoop is available for on-premise, so if your organization decide to have Spark on-premise, they will go with the Cloudera Hadoop. So there are two types of platform, cloud platform, on-premise platform. Cloud platform Databricks is the most popular, most widely adopted platform. For on-premise, Cloudera Hadoop is the most popular and most widely adopted Spark platform. So we learned about the Spark platform. Now let's talk about the development environments. So for Spark, there are two main types of development environments. One is notebook environment. The other one is IDE. When I say IDE, I mean any IDE that allows you to write code and do development. For Spark development in Python, the most popular IDEs are PyCharm and VS Code. Choosing between PyCharm and VS Code is individual preference or organizational preference. But these two are the market leaders for Python development, and also for the Spark IDE. So we have two types of development environments. Notebooks. These notebook environments are popularized by Databricks for Spark development. Notebook environments are offered by Databricks on the cloud for Spark development. So if you are developing applications which will be running in Databricks platform on the cloud, most likely you will be using notebook environments because that is convenient, easy and better approach for on cloud Spark application development. If you are going to deploy your application on the Cloudera Hadoop on-premise platform, then developing on the Cloudera Hadoop platform directly might not be possible because of the restrictions imposed within your organization that you cannot use cluster itself for development. Do the development on your local machine, install an IDE, for example, PyCharm or VS Code, do all the development unit testing, et cetera on your local machine, and once your development is complete, package it and deploy it on the cluster so that it can be executed on the cluster. So for on-premise development, most of the time the preferred approach for developing a Spark application is based on the IDE on your local machine. So these are two types of development environments. This course we mainly focus on notebook environments. We will be learning Spark on the notebook environments using Databricks platform on the cloud. The reason is simple. Notebook environments are ideal for learning. They simplify the entire learning process. So most of the course, starting from this chapter itself, till eight nine chapters of this course, we will be using notebooks for development. And we will be doing everything on the notebooks using Databricks platform. But at the end, in the possibly 10th chapter, I will also help you learn how to set up your local development environment on your local machine and then how to develop Spark applications within the IDE. So whatever you learn from next chapter till the eight, nine chapters, all that is skill, all that knowledge can also be applied on the local machine development within your IDE. And you can write Spark applications that can be deployed on the Cloudera Hadoop platform also. Spark is same, right? The only difference is in which environment, which kind of interface you are using to develop Spark applications, test Spark application. Since working on the notebooks is easy, most of the course we will be using notebook environments. At the end, we will also learn how to set up your local machine for Spark development, how to use an IDE for Spark development and how to write applications, how to reuse all your learnings from this course to develop applications which can be deployed on Cloudera Hadoop platform. So that's all. If you are interested, you can directly jump to the chapter 10 and look at how do we do local machine setup and IDE setup. Otherwise, recommendation is to follow the sequence of the course, go through all your learnings, learning Spark on the notebook environments, and then when it comes to apply that knowledge, you can learn how to do IDE set up on your local machine and apply that knowledge on the IDE or a local machine development also. That's all for this lecture. See you again, keep learning and keep growing. (upbeat music)