Welcome back. In this lecture we will try to understand what is Databricks Cloud. Or I will give you a high level overview of Databricks Cloud Platform. So let's try to understand what it is. But before that why do we need to learn about Databricks Cloud or why do we need to know what is Databricks Cloud Platform. This course is a spark programming on Databricks platform. So we will learn Spark programming, which can be used on any platform which supports spark. All the skills that we are going to learn in this course are useful for writing spark applications or spark Code and run it wherever we want. Spark is supported on multiple platforms, so wherever we want we can use that skill. But for this course, during this course, we will be using Databricks Cloud Platform for doing all our hands on activities. So it is important to understand what is Databricks Cloud. And then we will start using it. So let's talk about what is Databricks in terms of Databricks website or what they call themselves Databricks Delta Intelligence platform? They don't call it Databricks Cloud Platform. Now, earlier they were calling themselves as Databricks Cloud Platform, but now it is known as Databricks Data Intelligence platform is a unified means a multiple things or many capabilities are combined into a single platform. So that's how they call it. It's a unified open means. Many of the capabilities are built on open source technologies in this platform. So that's why Open Analytics Platform, it is a platform for data engineering, data analysis, data science, machine learning, AI, everything. So it's an analytics platform for building. You can develop using this platform deploying you can deploy your application sharing. You can share your application within the organization or with external teams and maintaining enterprise grade data analytics and AI solutions at scale. So that's what the Databricks platform is. But at a very basic level, you can think of Databricks platform as a managed open source integration platform. So they took a bunch of open source technologies, combine them together, and started offering as a managed service on the cloud platform. Many of those open source technologies was developed by the team itself, the Databricks team itself, with the help of huge community. So what are those core open source technologies? Apache spark? The entire Apache Spark is available on Databricks platform and the core technology. The core offering of Databricks platform is Apache Spark. They have one more open source technology, MLflow, which integrates with the machine learning code or machine learning applications for managing machine learning applications. So MLflow is a library or a open source tool that helps you to develop, manage, deploy, test machine learning applications. Delta Lake is a storage open source storage format. You can say. So they took Delta Lake then. Unity catalog is a open source metadata management system and Postgres is a relational database. So they took all these five open source technologies, combine them as Databricks Data Intelligence Platform, developed many other proprietary technologies or uh, capabilities, and then started offering it as a managed platform for data engineering, machine learning, AI, etc. and this platform is available in AWS, in Azure and Google Cloud Platform. So all three popular cloud platforms, it is available. What are the key Capabilities. So Databricks platform capabilities, we have some key capabilities. There are many more beyond this. This is not an exhaustive list, but to understand at a very high level what Databricks offers. It offers spark on the cloud platform. Right. So core offering is spark on the cloud. And it is available on all three popular cloud platforms AWS, Azure, Google Cloud on demand cluster. So they made on demand cluster available for spark. For executing your spark code we need cluster right. You can have dedicated cluster or you can have on demand cluster from a cloud. Take it, execute your code and release it to manage your cost. So Databricks platform offers on demand cluster. They also offer serverless cluster Delta Lake Storage, which is a open source storage format, workflows and ETL. So they developed their own tools and capabilities on the platform, which is proprietary for Databricks to develop and design workflows for your data engineering pipelines, or to develop ETL pipelines. Data warehouse you can develop data Warehouse also because spark offers SQL capability. So they took spark SQL capability and designed a data warehouse, which is available on Databricks platform and do the data warehousing projects. Machine learning and AI capabilities. So they took spark, ML, Lib and MLflow. These two things combined together and build a system or a platform which can be used for doing machine learning activity. And they developed a lot of AI integration capabilities. So machine learning and AI capabilities are available. Security and governance. The entire platform is secure and they offer different types of security and governance approaches. Techniques. You can have users, you can have grants, permissions for different kind of things. So that is made available automation tool. So several automation tools they have developed proprietary tools, some open source tool. They took it integrated into the platform. And finally they have a huge list of ecosystem partners. So data ingestion tool, data integration tool, data visualization tool, different kind of tools and partners are available to integrate with the Databricks platform. So remove the limitation that if you are using Databricks platform you cannot use visualization tool a specific visualization tool. No. The they did a partnership to integrate with Databricks platform and develop a huge ecosystem. So that's what the Databricks platform is at very high level. We will be using this platform for our learning. So you will learn more about this platform as we progress with the course. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.