Welcome back. Databricks is a very popular platform nowadays for doing data intelligence work, which includes data engineering, data science, machine learning, and a lot of AI work, or integrating AI with your data engineering and machine learning and data science applications. We also use Databricks Platform as the core platform for learning and doing hands on activities related to Spark and Spark, SQL, structured streaming, etc.. And we recommend that to our students also. So in this course we will be using Databricks for learning and doing hands on activities on spark. But you need to have access to Databricks platform. And Databricks as a company is generous enough to offer a free Databricks platform account for learners to learn, spark, practice, do their hands on activities, etc.. So in this lecture, I will guide you step by step approach or the process to create free Databricks account. So let's start. Let's learn how to create a free Databricks account. Go to your browser and search for Databricks Free Edition. Remember, don't search for Databricks Free Account. You will see Databricks Free Edition in the search results, right? If you search for Databricks Free Account, you might see something like this. Try Databricks for free. This offers free trial for 14 days. Free trial. We are not interested in 14 day free trial for Databricks. We are interested in Databricks Free Edition, formerly known as Databricks Community Edition. So go to this link and you should see something like this free edition. Learn professional data and AI tools for free. If you already have a free edition account, you can login from here, but let's assume we are creating a new Databricks Free Edition account. We don't have an account, so just click this sign up, provide your email address. Let's say I'm willing to create an account with this email address. Hit continue and it might send you an email verification code just to validate your email address. Go and check your email address. And uh, you will see a six digit code. Just uh, type in the code from your email here. Let me type my code. Once your email is verified, it will ask you for your account name. Uh, let's say I want to call it a scholar nest account name. Whatever account name you want, you can give your personal name as account name and hit the continue. Choose your country. I am in India, so let me choose India. Continue. Might ask you about some puzzle. Let's do the puzzle and are. Asking me to rotate it in the direction. Submit. Oh! One more. That was not quite right. Make sure the object is facing in the same direction that the hand is pointing towards. Like this. Okay. So. I think this should be correct. Okay. Setting up your account. That's all super, super simple. I am in my brand new Databricks Free Edition account. Right? Maybe what I should do. Um, take this link and, uh, maybe create a favorite link or, uh, save this shortcut. Right. It's login.databricks.com. Right. So let's assume I closed it and I now I want to login to my to my Databricks Free Edition. I can go login.databricks.com from here. Or simply let's say next day I come here I can say login.databricks.com. And I will be allowed to login to my community account. I have many accounts with the same email ID right. This is Databricks uh, A community account in AWS. This is my Databricks Premium account in Azure. And this is another new one which I just created. So it is asking me, okay, which account do you want to log in. So for you if you are creating new account you should see only one here. Uh, let me go to this community free account that I just created. And I'm back here. Right. And you are in your Databricks Free Edition account. I don't like this, uh, white, uh, theme. So let's go to settings. And somewhere in these settings I should have, uh, let's try preferences interface theme preferred dark. And it becomes dark. Right. Uh, maybe come to developer and uh, one more level of. Configuration is dark mode here and then maybe editor theme. What is the editor theme? Databricks default or Dracula or Atom. Which one you prefer. Right. So I want to set it to GitHub dark uh, which is pretty much standard. So that's all. Now you come back to your workspace here or maybe your home page here or workspace here. So that's how you create your Databricks free account. Super super simple. How to use it. We will learn it in the course. I'll explain you how to use it for your course. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.