Welcome back. In the previous lecture, we learned how to create Databricks Free Account. And that environment is going to become our learning environment for hands on activities and doing your exercises. In this lecture, I'll help you understand how to set up or how to initialize your Databricks free account, your learning environment, so that you can keep on using it throughout the course for doing your hands on activities and performing the exercises from the course. So let's start. Start your browser and login to your Databricks Free account. You can use login.databricks.com. Provide your email address and, uh, continue with the email. They'll send you a verification code over your email. Enter that verification code and you can enter in the Databricks environment. If you have a single account. You should be directly inside the Databricks Free account. But if you have multiple accounts, you will be asked which account do you want to log in? I have multiple accounts, so I'll go with my personal account. This is the account which we will be using for giving you all the demos and hands on activities. So let me go in. And we are on the dashboard. Go to workspace. And initially you should have nothing in your workspace. If you are using it for the first time, you should have nothing in your workspace. But if you are already familiar with Databricks Free account, you have been using it earlier, then you will have your things here. But what we want to do to initialize this environment for our course. For this course, we will import a set of notebooks in this environment. So come to here and click this import. Now it is asking which file do you want to import. What we want to do here we want to import spark programming dbc file. So I have that spark programming dbc file. What I can do I can drag and drop that file here and it will import that file. Spark programming dot dbc file. You can download this file from your course resource material. If you download your file from the course resource material, you will get a zip file. Maybe you can uncompress that zip file and in the uncompressed zip file you will find the Spark programming DBC. Import that and it will create Spark programming folder. If you have imported it successfully it should create Spark Programming folder. Click this folder name Spark programming folder. Go inside it and you are most likely going to see a bunch of folders here. I have only two folders here utils and chapter zero two. But when you import it, the final course material file is spark programming dot dbc file you will see utils. Chapter two. Chapter three. Chapter four. Like that you will see so many folders but nothing to worry. As of now, we are going to use only code from chapter two to set up this environment. So go to chapter two and you will see one notebook here zero one Setup Environment. Open that notebook And it should open like this. You might be already familiar with Databricks notebook environment, or you might not, depending upon your previous experience. If you are already familiar with Databricks Notebook environment, great. If not, nothing to worry. We will be learning throughout the course how to use this notebook environment for development activities, and for doing the Spark projects and doing the data engineering projects using this environment. So nothing to worry, but at very high level, notebook is a kind of ID where you can write code, you can write comment, you can write text, you can run your code from the notebook itself and see the results in the notebook itself. So it's a kind of your integrated development environment, little different than traditional laptop based or local machine based development environments like PyCharm or VSCode, but it is very powerful and very easy to use. We will be using it throughout the course, and you will slowly learn how to use this environment or how to use notebooks, but nothing to worry as of now. As of now, what we want to do, we want to run this notebook. There are some comments and some code written here. We want to run this notebook, and this notebook will set up or initialize our environment for this course. What it will do, it will download some data, keep it there in the Databricks cloud environment. So we can use that data throughout the course. It will test data is successfully downloaded and verify and make sure you have your setup done. So let's quickly look at it what it is going to do. The first step it will create a catalog. What is a catalog? Catalog is not an Apache Spark term. Catalog is a Databricks term. So in Databricks we can create catalog. Catalog is like your collection of metadata specific to a environment. So in projects you might have different types of environment your dev environment, your test environment your UAT environment, your production environment. So for each environment you can create a separate catalog. So things are separated and kept separately for the different environment. So we want to create a new catalog here for this course. And we call it dev right. Simple as that. So this notebook will create a catalog called dev code is written here. Create catalog if not exists dev. It is a SQL expression. So it will create the catalog inside the catalog. We want to create one database where we will create our tables or other kind of database objects. Throughout this course, we want to give that database name as spark underscore db. You can give whatever name you want, but for this course we recommend that you give that name as spark underscore db. Create a database with this name only because the rest of the source code in this course is assuming that we have a database called spark underscore db in Databricks. Databases can be created inside the catalog. Many other objects can be created inside the catalog. Database is one of those objects. So we create database inside the catalog. And to tell Databricks that we want to create this spark DB inside the catalog we have to prefix this catalog name. So the create database command should be saying create database dev dot sparc db dot is to refer that catalog name dot database name. So code is here create database. If not exist dev dot sparc db. This line of code will create a database in the dev catalog. Next thing we want to make sure that we create one volume inside the database. Volumes can only be created inside the database. So create a volume code is here if not exist. And where to create the volume inside the dev catalog dot inside the database sparc underscore db dot volume name is data sets. What is volume? Volume is also not a Sparc term. Volume is a Databricks term. Volume is just like a directory where you can save your files, maybe data files, or maybe configuration files, whatever type of files you want to save. In the Databricks environment. You can save them inside the volume so you can simply think of it like a root directory. But in Databricks, volumes can be created inside the database. Reason you can give permissions to the volumes like in database. In SQL, you can grant permissions on a database and table. Same way you can grant permissions on the volumes. Who can read files? Who can write files in the volume like that? Slowly you will learn all that more details about it. But as of now we want to create these three things. And that is all about doing the setup for this course. Very simple. Create a catalog. Create a database inside the catalog and create a volume inside the catalog. Once we have all these three things we want to import data ingestion utilities. You when you imported your, uh, spark programming. DBC file. It imported utils directory inside the utils directory. We already have placed one notebook called data ingestion notebook. You can open that. It's a very simple Python notebook. Some Python code is written here. You can go through it if you understand Python. This code defines a data loader class and a method clean ingest data. So what it will do, it will connect to my GitHub repository and pull all the data sets that we will be using in this course and save it in your volume. That's what it is going to do. So let's close this. To run that data loader utility we have to import the notebook where the utility is defined. In Databricks we can use percent run magic command and tell which notebook to import or Run within this notebook. So we are simply telling. Go to parent directory from chapter two, go to parent directory double dot slash. Go to utils. That's the directory utils. And then run the data ingestion data hyphen ingestion notebook. Run this notebook. So what it will do it will run this notebook inside this notebook. So all the code, the data loader code defined in this notebook will be executed in the context of this notebook. And class will be available. So once data loader class is available in the next step we will initialize that class or create an instance of that class. That instance is dl and from dl dot clean ingest data. This is the method that we are going to execute and pass. What is the source and what is the target. So source is fixed is spark programming slash data. This is the source directory in my GitHub repository. Other things about the GitHub repository are given in the class itself. So owner name is learning journal repo name is calling as data sets. In this repo we have one directory Spark programming. And inside the spark programming directory we have another directory called data. And in that directory there are so many data files. So clean ingest data. What it will do. It will clean this volume inside the spark programming directory. Right. And then create a directory and import or ingest all the data files from the GitHub repository. So simple. You define the source and code. You don't need to change anything here. Simply run this. I'm just trying to explain what it will do. So all data will be downloaded from my GitHub repository into your environment, into this Databricks free account environment for you Once that is done, we are simply running some commands, some SQL commands to test it. We want to create a table inside the dev catalog inside the spark DB table name is diamonds. These are the fields. Simple create table statement. Then insert into diamonds table. And this is where your data was downloaded. Inside the volumes. Inside the dev catalog. Inside the spark DB database. Inside the data sets volume name. We created spark programming subdirectory. Inside that we created data subdirectory and we downloaded diamonds dot JSON file. This all was done by this method. Clean ingest data. And what we want to do in this statement here. This is a JSON file. So from this JSON file select everything and insert into this table. So it will load the data. You will learn this syntax and all this in the course. For now we are using it and then we simply do a select statement on that table to simply test if data is correctly loaded and we are able to query it. So that's all about this notebook. Very simple straightforward notebook. You can close this if you need more space. And we want to run it for running any notebook or your code. Inside a notebook you need a cluster, a spark cluster, or at least a single machine where spark code can be executed. So Databricks Free Environment provides us a serverless free cluster. You can connect that serverless free cluster with this notebook. So come here click connect and it will show you serverless here right. So just select that and this environment will connect. This notebook will connect to the serverless cluster. Once connected, you can run this notebook. So environment v4 is now the default. Nothing to worry about it. Got it. Leave that right. Now your notebook is ready to execute because we are connected with a server. Just hit this run all button and it will start running your code one by one. So first cell is running. It says interrupt. So what this code will do. Create a dev catalog. Then create a database and create a data set. If they does not exist, if they already exist, it will do nothing. Then this notebook is executed. And then data loader utility is running and it's ingesting all the data. For me it executed very quickly and imported only a few files for you. It might take few minutes, maybe five minutes or even longer than that, because for you, it will be importing a lot of data from this directory in the GitHub. So nothing to worry. Just wait as long as it takes and it should successfully complete. Then we created a table spark db dot diamonds. Then we ingested records into that diamonds table. You can see number of rows affected and number of rows inserted. Both are same. So 53,940 records are inserted from this file to this table. And then we executed a test query like this which is showing color and average price order by average price from diamonds. And you can see some records here. Right. So seven records in the output. If everything in this notebook runs successfully you are done with your setup and initializing your learning environment. So make sure you run this notebook before you proceed with the rest of the lectures in this course. Now, since we created these three things catalog, database name, and volume, let's quickly look at it so you can come to catalog from here. Just click this and it will open you uh Catalog Explorer. You can see Dev Catalog created here. Some other catalogs will be there by default created by Databricks for example workspace or system catalog. Don't worry about those. This is the catalog we created. Click this catalog and you will see some default database is created. Information is schema. Database is created. And this is the database we created spark underscore db. You click that database you will see one table and one volume. So let's look at the volume first. Inside the volumes we created data sets volume right. And inside the data sets volume. When we ingested data from my GitHub repository we created a spark programming folder. And inside the spark programming folder we created data folder. And inside the data folder all the ingested files are there. Go inside. And as of now this code is ingesting only one file. But for you it will be ingesting all the required data files. So I can see my one file which is ingested here. If you want to refer this file, this is the way you can refer right? Slash volume slash catalog name slash database name slash volume name slash folder name then slash subfolder name. And you can refer this file after that slash diamonds dot JSON. You will keep on learning all those things. Nothing to worry much. At the end we created one diamond stable also. So if you expand, you will see diamond stable is created, right? These are the columns that we have here. So you can see that you want to go back to your workspace. Start working again on your notebook. Click the workspace folder and you will see your Spark Programming folder. And go to your desired chapter and open your notebook whichever you want to work. So that's all that's good enough for now to start. And you might have already got some idea about the notebooks and the Databricks environment. Few other things we'll keep on learning as we keep on using the environment for learning Apache Spark programming. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.