Welcome back. In this lesson, I'm going to give you an overview of the Azure portal, which we'll be using throughout the course to access and manage Azure resources. To get started, open your browser and go to portal.azure.com. You will be prompted to sign in using the details of the Azure account that you created in the last lesson. I'm going to use the account details of my account. Once you've signed in, you will land on the Azure Portal home page like this one. Your home page should look very similar to what you're seeing here, but please bear in mind that Microsoft regularly updates the portal to improve the user experience, so some elements might look slightly different to what you're seeing here. Let me now give you a quick tour of the key sections within the Azure portal. From the top left you have the navigation menu. From here you can create a resource. Go back to the home page, access the dashboards or view all services. If you favor any of the services, they'll show up in this section for easy access as well. In the middle section you will find a section with a popular Azure services based on your preferences. You can click on these shortcuts to quickly navigate to them. Once you start accessing the resources, they'll appear under the recently used resource list here. For now, it might be empty, but it will populate as you work through the course. One of the most useful features in the portal is the search bar at the top. This allows you to search for anything within the Azure portal. As you start creating more resources and projects, this will become a valuable tool for quickly finding what you need. By clicking on the copilot, you can get the chat window where you can ask copilot to help with any of your questions. It does a pretty good job of going through the documentation and answering your questions. On the right hand side, we also have the cloud shell icon. This allows you to use bash or PowerShell to interact with Azure directly. While we won't be using this in our course, it's good to know that it's available for you if you want to use command line scripting in the future. Moving on to the settings icon, you can customize the Azure portal from here. For instance, you can switch between the default view of home or a dashboard. You can also change the menu style from flyout to docked so it stays fixed on your screen. There are also options to change the color scheme if you prefer high contrast mode. For example, if you need any help, any point, you can use the help icon to search for support articles. And if you have any feedback for Microsoft, you can directly send them via here. You can switch to different Azure subscriptions, or sign out from the subscription by navigating to the top right icon here. And that's just an overview of the Azure Portal. It's a powerful tool and flexible interface that allows you to access and manage all your Azure resources in one place. As we progress through the course, you'll become more familiar with these sections and you'll see how easy it is to navigate and use the portal. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.