Next, let's talk about Kinesis video streams and it's integration with recognition. So, you are going to get one Kinesis video stream per streaming device and these devices are called producers. So, a streaming device can be anything. It can be a security camera, a body worn camera, a smart phone or you can use something called a Kineses Video Streams Producer Library to produce video streams. But the idea is that you would create one video stream for each streaming device. So, if you are an IoT company and you're selling cameras if you have 1,000 cameras, you need 1,000 video streams. The underlying data is going to be stored in S3 but we don't have access to it. And you cannot output the stream data directly into S3. You will need to consume the video stream and build a custom solution to send the data into S3. This is something that the exam will try to trick you on. In terms of consumers for the video stream it can be consumed by EC2 instances if you wanted to do some real time analysis or in batch or even send this to Amazonas 3. You can leverage the Kinesis Video Stream Parser Library to read this Kinesis Video Streams or you can have an integration with AWS Rekognition to do some facial detection in your videos. And this is the architecture I want to show you right now. So we are going to get video producers and they will send data into a Kinesis Video Stream. As I said, you can have a fleet of EC2 instances to read that video stream and do whatever you want with it. Or you can have that stream go through Rekognition and Rekognition can use it's Internal Rekognition Face Collection to send some metadata as a new stream. So you're going to create a Kinesis Data Stream out of Rekognition that will contain all the results of the analysis of the metadata of the video stream. And from Kinesis Data Streams then we know how to use it. We can use EC2 with the KCL library or we can use Kinesis Data Firehose or Kinesis Data Analytics. And this opens up a lot of different architectures. So, going into exam, remember that you can use Kinesis Video Streams in combination with Rekognition to extract some metadata out of your stream and compare that against a database of face collection that's going to be internal to rekognition. That's it. I will see you in the next lecture.