So workspaces is going to give you a managed secure Cloud desktop. This is a great way to eliminate management of on-premise VDI. And VDI means virtual desktop infrastructure. The idea with workspaces is that, for example you want to get access to Windows machine on the cloud and you want to get into it, then you would use workspaces to create that virtual desktop. That is going to be a Windows and then you will get into that Windows, and you can operate your desktop from there. You can even pay per hour, which is on demand pricing or have a monthly subscription for unlimited usage. It's going to be secure, encrypted and get Network isolation. It is integrated with Microsoft Active Directory so all your machines can join your directory domain if you needed to. The user are going to get into a virtual desktop and that could be Linux or Windows. And then securely, this virtual desktop can access, for example your corporate data center or can access your virtual cloud. So there's a good way, for example, to give you reserves access to an environment you trust, where you know the network security is going to be optimal. Now, workspaces has something called Workspaces Application Manager or WAM and this is important you know. So this is to deploy and manage applications as visualized application containers. The idea is that you're going to containerize this application and deploy them onto all your workspaces. You can provision them at scale, and you keep the application updated using WAM. This is different from Windows updates. So Workspaces Applications manager is just for applications whereas Windows updates is going to be well for the updates of your Windows machine. So by default, Amazon workspaces are configured to install software updates and by default, any workspace that you create that has Windows installed, will also have Windows update turned on. And then you have full control over how often you want Windows update to run, but it runs during maintenance windows. So during this maintenance windows, the updates are going to be installed and you define the maintenance window that you want. So you have always on workspaces, and by default the maintenance window is going to be between midnight and 4:00 AM on Sunday morning, or we get auto stop workspaces, which are the workspaces that stop when the users don't use them. And in this case, the users don't use them often enough, then these workspaces are automatically started once a month to install the windows updates, whereas for always on, well, because the workspaces always on this is for sure going to happen between midnight and 4:00 AM on Sunday mornings. Finally, you can also define a manual maintenance window and you define your windows, the instances of workspace will be offline for a moment for your users, and you can perform the maintenance you want on these workspaces. Next we have cross region redirection for Amazon workspaces. So the idea is that we want to run workspaces directories in multiple regions. So we have a primary region and then we have a failover region. So the idea is that when the users connect into the primary region, the workspace directory is going to be connected, for example, to AWS Managed Microsoft AD to store these users and allow them to open sessions on workspaces. And if you want to have a failover region, what you need to create is you need to create an AD connector in that failover region. So why an AD connector and not a multi-region managed Microsoft AD? Well, the documentation says that right now the multi-region manage Microsoft AD is not supported. So you have to use an AD connector. So now we have two regions and we need to set up connection aliases. So you sub condition aliases and then you create a record in Route 53. And this record is for desktop.example.com, and it's a text kind of record with type failover. So the idea now is that your workspace is going to have a connection alias in the primary region and a connection alias in the secondary region, the failover region. And we point both of them into the Route 53 text record for deskstop.example.com. And that means that if the primary region is up, then when users enter the desktop.example.com to connect to workspaces, the text record is going to be corresponding to the one of the region that is primary, and then if we set up a health check and an alarm to failover to the secondary region, then in case we have failover, then Route 53 will respond to desktop.example.com for a text record, to the region code of the failover region. Therefore, our users can correctly connect to the primary region and in case connect to the secondary region. Now, when they connect to one region or the other one, the user data is not persistent because the user data is region specific and the workspaces are region specific. And so therefore, if you wanted to have data being shared between the two regions that the users actually don't see that they're being failed over to another region then you can use, for example, Amazon workDocs, which is going to give you persistence for the user data. Another thing you need to know for Amazon workspaces is IP access control groups which is very simple. It's basically security groups for Amazon workspaces. So it's a list of IP addresses and CIDR address ranges that users are authorized to connect from. So for example, if you have a corporate data center and you have a user and has a public IP from a CIDR that's owned by the data center from a public CIDR, then you can set up an IP access control group to make sure that only this CIDR is allowed to access your workspace directory, and therefore your users to use workspaces. So it's an extra security, just like security groups. In case your users are accessing workspaces through a VPN or a NAT. Then of course the IP access control group must allow the public IP of the VPN or the NAT connection. Okay, so that's it for workspaces, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.