So let's talk about the AWS IoT Core service. So IoT, if you don't know, stands for Internet of Things. It's the network of all these internet-connected devices that are able to collect and transfer data. So thanks to the IoT Core service, you can easily connect devices to the cloud. For example, if you have IoT devices onto smart cars, then you can very easily connect them to the cloud. That means that you can have a serverless secure and scalable solution, so you can have billions of devices and trillions of messages. And through the IoT Core service, they're going to be published and subscribed for messages so they can communicate with one another or your applications. On top of it, IoT Core has integrations with many AWS services such as Lambda, S3, SageMaker, and so on. And thanks to this, you can build your IoT applications to gather, process, analyze, and act on this data rapidly. So while you don't need to be an expert in the IoT Core service, it's important to know the integrations. So IoT Topics are topics just like SNS Topics, they take data in. And so the kind of data it takes in, for example, could be using the MQTT protocol. So it receives an MQTT message, then you set up IoT rules for these messages and the rules have actions and these actions can be related to AWS services. For example, these messages from your IoT Topic can be sent to Kinesis, DynamoDB, SQS, MSK, SNS, S3, Lambda, and so on. So one of these integrations you need to know more is the Kinesis Data Firehose integration, but it's very easy to understand. Again, your IoT Core receives MQTT messages and they can be sent near real time into an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose where you can operate some transformations on these messages using a Lambda function and then persist these messages into Amazon S3, Redshift, and Amazon OpenSearch, for example. Okay, so that's it for this lecture, very short, but hopefully you get the idea behind IoT Core. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.