In the previous demo, we used the vim command line editor to create our Pod definition file. We created a pod called nginx with a couple of labels and we used the nginx image. Now, while this works well, the vim editor is quite basic and it can be quite difficult to make use of them. If you want to create and edit long or even large number of YAML files. The same goes with notepad or other tools in windows. They are very basic and prone to errors. They don't really tell you if you made a mistake. The Kubernetes object definition files using YAML can be developed much easier using IDE tools. Now, there are many Ides out there that are free to use, such as those from JetBrains, IntelliJ Idea, and PyCharm. Atom is another free tool, eclipse or NetBeans that a lot of Java developers use. And all of these come with support for YAML files, and they will help in highlighting errors in a YAML file and make making sure that you develop them right. But they won't natively tell you if there are errors within the Kubernetes manifest files that you are developing. For example, if you typed in a wrong property name, or if you are using a dictionary instead of a list, and that's where you need some kind of an extension or a plugin that could help point those out for you. Uh, so those, uh, tools that can first verify structure of your YAML file and the syntax, making sure that it works fine, and also, um, point out errors related to Kubernetes. Right. Um, support for Kubernetes. And so these come with support for extensions and plugins that can help with that. And those plugins could either be free or paid. Now, one IDE that we found that is freely available and works on all different operating systems, um, and also has a free extension for YAML validation for Kubernetes is the Microsoft Visual Studio Code IDE. It's easy to set up and get started, and so we will use that as our IDE for the rest of this. Uh, for the rest of the demos in this course. Now, you don't necessarily have to use the same tool. Feel free to use any IDE of your choice, and try to find a plugin or extension that can help with developing Kubernetes YAML files for the IDE of your choice. Okay, so in this demo we're going to first install a VSCode. So here I am at the code Showstudio.com. Website. And since I'm running on an ubuntu based distribution, I'm going to. Download the Debian package. It should automatically list the right version, um, to download for you depending on your operating system. And as it says here, Visual Studio Code is free and open source software. We will wait for the download to complete. The download has been completed and since it's a Debian package, I'm just going to install it directly on my system. So let's wait for the installation to complete. The installation has been completed now and I'm going to launch VSCode. Once open, this is what it would look like after a fresh install. So we will go to the extensions section first and search for a YAML and look for the extension, which is published by Red hat. This is the extension that has support for Kubernetes YAML files. Now in most cases this particular YAML extension is installed by default, but if it's not in your case, then you'll see that here. And you can go ahead and click on the install button to install and enable it. Now, before we get started with developing Kubernetes definition files using this extension, we have to make a small change in our settings to configure VS code to use the YAML extension for Kubernetes files, right? So by default, this YAML extension provides basic YAML validation functionality to enable Kubernetes support, we must configure it to work with YAML files that we plan to develop. So there are two ways to do it. One way is to click on this gear icon on the YAML file. Um YAML extension and go to Extension settings and scroll all the way to the bottom where there is a YAML schemas option, and click on the edit in Settings.json file option. Now this will take you to the settings dot JSON file. This file may or may not have some contents already, based on other extensions or configurations that you might have already done. So if it's a new installation, it might look empty like this. So whatever it may be, our goal is to simply add a small section of code into this file. It should have the YAML schema section. If you came here, uh, following the path that I showed you, now we're going to add an entry for Kubernetes schema support. We add a schema for A Kubernetes for all YAML files using the YAML pattern. Okay, so we're basically saying that we want to use Kubernetes schema for all YAML files that we develop using vs code. If you don't really want to do that, if you don't want to use the Kubernetes schema for all YAML files instead. If you plan to create Kubernetes files using a particular pattern, then you can specify that pattern or extension here. Okay, so we will just leave it as it is. Now this is case sensitive as well. So make sure that you use all small case um for the word Kubernetes in this file. Um, so one thing that you'll have to do is to reload the Visual Studio Code after making this change. So it takes effect. So just, um, exit and restart VSCode at this point. Now another way to get to these settings dot JSON file is to use the control plus p Shortcut key, where a search bar would open at the top, and then there you type in settings dot JSON and then go to the settings dot JSON file from there. But if this doesn't work, use the gear icon approach that that I just showed. Okay. So here again as you can see that this file has already been saved. So we don't have to do anything else. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to close this, uh, Visual Studio Code editor, and I'm going to open it up again. Once it is up, I'm just going to make sure that the YAML extension is enabled. And so we don't have an option to enable or install here, which means that it is already enabled. Okay. So let's uh now open a folder on our system. So in this case I'm going to open the directory called Kubernetes for beginners, which is where our Pod definition file resides. The one that we created earlier with the vim editor in the previous demo. For the purpose of this demonstration, let's create another file. So click on new file and let's call it nginx dot YAML. So now we are going to create a new YAML file using the Visual Studio Code editor. And we'll make use of the YAML extension that we just installed. So we'll see how that works. But to make this work first we have to create the first route level property or the element called API version. And which for Pod will be v1. Now once you put that in the Kubernetes support part of the YAML extension we installed kicks in and then uh, it'll start suggesting additional properties and performing validations. So note that you must have that one line in the first line in for the rest of the suggestions to work. Okay. Now if I type in k for kind, it will suggest the available root level properties starting with k and it suggests kind. So if I just press tab it will um auto finish it. Uh, you know auto complete it for me and then press Ctrl spacebar and type P and it will show you the list of all different objects that are available starting with P. So in this case we're interested in pods. So I'm going to select pod. And if I hit enter and press M then metadata is suggested. And again hit Ctrl space and it will suggest supported options. The YAML extension knows uh that this metadata is a dictionary. So it has already, um, you know, kind of intended the lines to the right for me. So I'm going to add a name field here. And again we use the control space to complete. Um, and you will notice that there is this error indicated, um, here below the name. And it is expecting a string type field here. So as long as this is empty it will continue to show that error. So let me add a name of the pod which could be nginx dash two. And as soon as I complete that you'll see that the error indicator is gone. So now again if I hit enter, you'll see that it maintains the, uh, the right indentation and it keeps it at the same vertical line as the child of metadata, which is name. Uh, so now the next one that I'm going to add is a label. Again, press Control Space and it will auto complete label for me. And now if I press tab it knows that labels is also a dictionary. So it has Does, uh, maintain that, uh, additional, uh, formatting. Now, here, it won't suggest any properties or labels because labels could really be anything. So it's up to you to decide what labels to add or for that pod. And that's why there is no suggestions. Uh, here. Now I will add a label such as environment and set it to production so that, uh, that would be the only label that I want to add right now. Um, so now to go back to the root level again, I'm just going to press backspace twice, and it takes me to the level of metadata and in the same vertical line. So now the next thing that we want to add is a spec section. Again we make use of the control space uh shortcut. And it will suggest um options. Note that if the suggestion does not include what you are expecting, then there is probably something wrong with, uh, the format of your file. So you're probably not in the right place to add that file. So that's an additional support the extension provides to prevent you from creating a file with an incorrect structure. So I hit tab to choose that suggestion. And the extension knows that for Pod, what comes directly underneath the spec section is the container section. And that containers is a list. So it has created a list here with the first element already populated and waiting on you for the name. So let us set a value for the name of the container. Here we can use nginx. And if I hit enter, it maintains the right indentation for me to add another container and say we would like to specify an image for the first container. So if I make a mistake here, for example, if I add an image property and set it to say nginx again, it knows that there is an error because. And if I just highlight, um, on top of that, it says, uh, bad, uh, indentation for a mapping entry. So we have to make sure that all properties of a single container are correctly aligned under it. Um, one thing to remember here is that it doesn't really validate if the image name that you're using are valid image names. So the names of images you specify or the names that you use for your pods or containers or the labels that you assign to objects could really be anything. So those are not validated and it won't give you an error if you used an image that's not available on Docker Registry. So that's up to you to make sure that you get those right. However, it does validate certain fields that has to have values supported by Kubernetes, such as the kind field at the top being set to Pod or a deployment. So if you used a value other than a kind, uh, that is supported by Kubernetes. Then it will throw an error. Okay. So now if you want to add another element to this array, we can do that by hitting enter and using backspace to go back to the same level as the previous element. And I can add additional containers here. For example add a new array element um with the hyphen. Um, then let us uh, for example, say BusyBox um, as the new name of the new container. And the image, uh, is set to BusyBox as well. So now, um, our code is clear and as you can see, there are no errors. Now, I don't really need the second container for now, so I'll just go ahead and delete this line and make sure that, um, everything else is is clean. Okay. So now let's, uh, save this file. Um, now let us check out another property of the editor. So if we click on the outline field here, we can see the entire data structure of the YAML file in a graphical format. So this is the YAML file on the on the right. And here you can see the four root elements. Here the kind. And if I click on this it will highlight the line where we have the root element. So we have the API version which is v1. We have kind which is pod. And you'll see that it also has the other uh two root elements for example metadata which is a dictionary, as you can see with this curly braces here, which indicates a dictionary. And if you open that you can see that the um, the children um, of metadata, which the first one is labels and labels is also a dictionary object which has a value of env. So it presents in a hierarchical or a tree kind of structure. And similar to that we also have the specs section which is a dictionary which has an array called containers. And you can spot an array using the double square brackets. And if I narrow it down, the first element of the containers array, which is the element zero, has two values key value pairs, which has an image which is equal to nginx and which has a name nginx as well. So this is quite handy, um, to help you explore the structure of the file. And if you are not sure what's wrong and where. So we have successfully created our pod definition file easily using the YAML extension and the auto completion features. So we can now create a pod from this YAML file from the command line as you normally would. So you would go to the terminal and just type the LS command. And you can see that the nginx YAML file is is here under the Kubernetes for beginners directory. And just let us quickly view this file. And you can see that it's exactly as it's supposed to be. And you could now create a pod using the kubectl create or apply command and passing in this file as input. Okay, so in this in the upcoming coding exercises section, you will first gain practice on getting the YAML files right. Okay. So if you are already familiar with YAML files and the formatting etc., then you know feel free to skip those. But if you are new then we've we've created these coding exercises so that you get really, really comfortable with YAML files, especially the Kubernetes YAML files, before you actually head into the real labs. So just like the coding exercises that you worked with earlier, feel free to work through these. And then once you're done with these coding exercises, then you'll have the real lab environments where you will explore existing pods and creating new pods on real Kubernetes clusters by developing YAML files. Okay. So that's it for this lecture and I will see you in the next one.