So in this video, we're going to go over the solution for the lab on replica sets. So let's start with the first question. So the first question is how many parts exist on the system? So just like before we run the model. Bit pubs comment and there are no ports at the moment. So zero. The next question is how many replica sets exist on the system? So we run the cattle. Get replica said command. Zero. Okay. So some changes were made. And let's check the replica set. Now we see that there is one created. So let's just select one. Okay. Now, the question is how many pods are desired in the new replica set? So we know that from the output, the desired number of pods in the replica set is number four. So let's select four. What is the image used to create the parts in the new replica set? So. We can find that out by looking at the replica set in a bit more detail. And for that we know we have to run the Q cattle describe command and we're going to run describe replica set and then new replica set. And hit the top key to autocomplete the names of what you're looking for. So in this output we see the report template and the image that's used. It's a busy box. Seven, seven, seven. So that's the that's the question. And. Here is the answer. So busy about seven, seven, seven. Now how many parts are ready in the new replica set? So if you look at the output here, it says the number of positive ready are zero. You can also see the same kind of here, the status zero running. So it is zero. Now. Why do you think the ports are not ready? So if you look at this, you have. So we'll need to look at one of these parts in a bit more detail. Of course, it's obvious, but I'm just I just want to show you, if you're not sure what the error is, then you've got to look at one of these parts in a bit more detail. So let's run the to describe command. And. Look at any one of the parts in a bit more detail. And you see, it's basically because it's failed to pull the image visible. Seven, seven, seven. Right. So the repository does not exist. So there is no image by the name box. Seven, seven, seven. That's. That's the reason. So. Let's check that. Now. The question is to delete any one of the pod. Sorry. It's clear. I'm going to get parts command and we've got to delete. One of these parts. Okay. So that's done. So how many parts exist now? Let's not forget Ford's command again. Now we see that there's still four parts running, right? So even if even though we deleted one, the one that we deleted is not here, the one that starts with the WHC. But there are still four parts. So that exercise was just to show that even if you delete a pod, part of a replica set is automatically going to recreate a new one. And if you look at the age here, you can see that the new one that was created was just 17 seconds ago, as opposed to the other ones that are that have been running for 3 minutes or more. So why are there still four parts even after you deleted it? It's not because I didn't delete it properly. It's not because you cannot delete a part from a replica set, it's because replica set ensures that the desired number of parts always run. Okay. So the next one is to create a replica set using the replica set definition file located at root. So let's look at where that is. So there's one here and there's an issue with the file, so we have to try and fix it. So let's first try to. Created so cubicle cuddle and this f root. Like I said. Definition of normal. Okay. So the error is that it's unable to recognize this file. No matches for kind replica set in version we want. So there's something wrong here. Either the kind replica set is incorrect or the version we want is incorrect. So let's look at the file. So we see that the APA version is we want and kind is replica set. And as we learned from the previous video, the APA version is incorrect. But if you're not sure. What it is. One way to find that out is using the Q glottal explain command. So run the Q cattle. Explain replica set command. Sorry. And here you can see the version. So the version is supposed to be EPS we want. So that's the problem. So let's go ahead and fix that. That's actually one. And let's try and. That again. So this it has now been created. Okay. So let's go to the next one. So next task is to fix the issue in the second file and create the replica set. So let's. Let's try that. Let's just first try to. Create it. So it says there's an invalid value selector does not match template labels so let's take a look at. The file here. And we see the APA version is actually one which is correct. The kind is replica set. That also seems to be correct. The metadata is the name and then you have the spec section. So you have replicas, you have selector. So there is something wrong here, which is why it didn't work. Let's find that out. So here it says. Invalid value. Selector does not match the template labels. So basically the issue here is that you have the labels specified here called tier front end, and then the label for the part that the replicas will create is engine X. So these two should match. Otherwise the replica set cannot basically manage the parts that it creates. So you've got to either. Change this to front end or change this to engine X, but at the end both of them should match. So let's change this to Engine X. Save this file. And run it again. And that's now created. Okay. Let's go to the next one. Now we've got to delete the two newly created replica sets. So. Let's first look at the status right now. You can also run just our SE instead of replica set, which is the short form. And now we've got to delete both of these replica set. So to reach our s. Like I said, one. And to you can also give multiple in the same command. So that's done. Now fix the original replica set to use the correct Xbox image. So we know that the first one which is. We only have one and we know that there are none of the parts are in a ready state. And we also know that because a, the image name is incorrect. So we've got to fix that. So for this, let's run the cubicle. Edit command. And. Edit the new replica set. And let's go into. The container section. And change the. Image name to just Xbox. And save that file. And let's check. Start us off. Parts now. Terrific asset. So it's still zero. Let's just give it some time. Or to delete the old part and create new ones with the new image. Right. Morris. Okay. So when you update a replica set, even though the image name is updated, the parts are not automatically recreated. Right. So you have to either delete and recreate the entire replica set or you have to delete all the parts so that the replica set creates new parts with the new image name. So let's go back and look at parts and you see they're all still in the error state, so we're just going to go through and delete them. So we're going to give the name. Each one. We'll just wait for them to be terminated. That's wrong and get parts again. Case in to creating state. And it's an Islamic state. Let's check the status of the replica set now and you can see that they are all in a red state. Okay. Let's go to the next one. We've got to scale the replica set to five parts. So let's run the cubicle scale command and. Specify the number of Facebook posts to five. Let's check the status and we can see that a new pot has been added. We can also do that using the edit command so we could do a q cuddle edit. RS. And specify the name of the replica set and then go here. And just change this number to the desired number and then save save the file. But we're not going to do that right now. Okay. So that's done. And now. The task is to scale the replica set down to two parts. So this time let's use the other approach. So let's edit the replica set. Go to. The number here. Set it to two. Okay. Let's check. So that's it for this lab. And next, we look at deployments.