So in this lab we'll get introduced to deployments. So let us begin. The first question is how many parts exist on the system? So let's run to get parts command. And we see there are no parts. And the next one is to identify the number of public assets. And there are none. So the answer is zero. Okay. And now it's a number of deployments. So. It limits. And that's true as well. So it's a it's a clean environment. There are no parts, no replica sets or deployments at the moment, but some changes have been made. So we're now check the deployment again. Okay. So there is one deployment. Okay. So the answer is one. Now how many replica sets exist on the system? Now we know that there's one deployment. We do not know how many replica sets. So let's. Just run the get hours command again to check the number of replica sets. So that's that's one replica set. So basically the deployment called the front end deployment has now created a replica set named front end deployment dash. Some some numbers. So that's the the name of the replica set. That the department is created. And then let's also check the number of pods now. And there are four parts. So basically that's what we're trying to understand here. There was nothing before when we created a deployment, it's created a replica set. And then it's also created for part. Now out of all the existing pots, how many are ready? So if you look at the status here out of four pot zero are already so let's select zero. And what is the image used to create the pods and the new deployment? So let's take a look. But one of the parts in a bit more detail. Describe Pod. Bond and deployment. Maybe you will just pick one of one of the pod. And we see the image used is Xbox 888 so let's let that. Now I know that there's a little bit of repetition between different exercises here, but this is mainly to get you familiar with. Some of these commands, the get commands and the described commands. And I promise that we have more fun stuff coming up in the upcoming labs. So we're just getting started. So what do you think? The deployment is not ready. And as before, we know that it's because the image Xbox 888 does not exist. So let's select that. So the next task is to create a new deployment using the deployment definition one file in wrote. So they're already in route. So. Let's take this file. So let's try to create the deployment using the file. Okay. And it didn't go. It didn't go through. So there is some kind of error. So it says no kind. Deployment is registered for version apps we want. So if we look at the file. We see that the API version is one which seems to be correct, but the kind is deployment, which also. Right, but the issue is that it's case sensitive, right? So the the first character has to be. A capital letter. So that's kind of the standard for kind. So the reason we have these kind of exercises is just to help you understand and learn how to, you know, know what the issue is when you come across these errors. So oftentimes you you'll face these kind of errors because of these kind of typos or, you know, what's not being spelled correctly or not in the right case. And you should know. What those mean when you when you see these kind of errors. So there are possibilities that you can mix up the API version or kind. And we don't want to spend a lot of time during the exam. Just. Not knowing what those are. So that's the reason for these kind of exercises. So just fix that. And let's proceed with the creation. So that went through. And the final task is to create a new deployment with the below attributes. So you have the name, you have the replicas, and you have the image. So to create an object, we know we can run the queue to create command. And this time we want to create a deployment. And let's take a look at the help for that. And we see there are different options. So you can create a deployment, specify a name with an image. So we have a name and we have an image where we also want to specify the number of replicas. So there is a command just for that. So you have the name, the image and the replica. So that's what we're going to follow. So the queue to create deployment command. Specify the name which is dpkg frontend. And. The image. Is. And it's good to create a practice of copying and pasting from the question as that will also help you in the exam if you are. Learning this for the purpose of giving the exam and the replicas is number three. And also make it a practice to always verify. If what you do this right so you could will get deployed. We have the HPD front end deployment. And we also want to make sure. That it goes to a red state. No. So three out of three are ready. Check our work. Okay. So that's done. And that's the end of this lap.