Okay. So in this lab, we're going to look at rolling updates and rollbacks. So rolling updates mainly. So I'm going forward. I'm going to try and use the alias K for kubectl. So I've already set an alias. K for for cube cuddle. So I'm going to try and use that going forward. So we have deployed a simple web application inspect the pods and services. So let's do. Get pod. So there seems to be a front end, a set of front end pods. Most likely there is a deployment. So there's a front end deployment which deploys for pods. Then wait for the application to fully deploy and view the application using the link called WebApp Portal. So there is a link here. You can click to view the application and it opens it up in a new window. It's called. It just says hello. Front end. Moment. Okay. So. Let's let's look at the first or second question. So what is the current color of the Web application? So if you look here, it is blue in color. So it's blue. Now run the script named Test to send multiple requests to the Web application. So we have a test here, so I'm going to run that. And as you can see, all it does is it paints the application and returns the color. So the color is blue and it just keeps running that for a few seconds. So that's that's done. So we're going to use this script to run tests on to kind of simulate accessing the web application by either multiple users, so or sending multiple requests to the web application. So we'll use that to basically just do a small round of tests on the on the application now, inspect the deployment and identify the number of pods deployed by it. So we just looked at that and we saw that it creates four pods. So it's four. That's the answer here. Now what container image is used to deploy the application. So let's look at. The deployment in more detail. And. Content. And here we have the pod template. We have containers. Image. The image is code cloud, web app color V1. So it's this one right here. That's the image we've used to deploy the application. Now inspect the deployment and identify the current strategy. So if you look at this, we have the the strategy type given here and that is rolling update. So that's that's the rolling update is the current strategy. Now, if you were to deploy or if you were to upgrade the application now, what would happen? So we know that the rolling update. Takes down one part at a time and brings up the new part. So it does not wait. It does not take all of it down and bring the new ones up. So answer here is all parts are taken down before upgrading. No, that's not the correct one. Parts are upgraded a few at a time, so that's the correct one. Now let us try that upgrade the application by setting the image on the deployment to code Cloud web App color V2. So we're going to update the image. Now, one way to do that is you could do a cube cuddle, edit and deployment. And front end. And then go here and change. The image. Another way to do that is just using the kubectl set command so you could do a set image. Let's run the help to find that out. So that's kubectl set image. You can you can say deployment, deployment name and then the container name and the image. Right. So let's try that. So that's the cuddle set image. For the deployment. The deployment name is Front end. And the container name. We need to find out the container name. So let's do a. It by. Contain the container name is simple web app. So let's do that again. Kubectl set. Image. Deploy. Front end. Container name is simple web app. He calls. Test the image. And let's update it. Let's make sure it's updated. Let's run the describe command again. And we see that the image is set to V2. Okay. The success. So let's run the curl test again and see what we're seeing. So we're still seeing blue, but we see green occasionally. So we're so there's a lot of blue and there's there's some green. So green is the new version that we have deployed. And blue. Blue is the older version. And now we have a lot of green, right? So if you look at this, there was a lot of blue at first and then there's some green. And then there's green and blue. At one point of time. And then we just have green. So that's how it's updated. The application deployment. So that's the the, the rolling update. Now after how many pods can be down for a grade at a time. Consider the current strategy settings. So if you look at this, the strategy type is rolling update, which we have already seen. There is rolling update strategy. The additional details here. So 25% max unavailable. So that means it's going to take down only 25% of the pods at a time. Before bringing the new ones up. So you have four replicas and 25% of that is is just one. So let's select one. Now change the deployment strategy to recreate and delete and recreate the deployment if necessary. So. Let's go ahead and try and change the deployment strategy. So let's do a cube cuddle. Edit. Deployment. Content. And we'll just go here and. We'll just change this strategy type. To recreate. And the recreate does not require the rolling update parameter. So we're just going to. Get rid of this. Okay. And let's verify. And we see the strategy is changed to recreate. Okay. Now the next one is to upgrade the application by setting the image on the deployment to V three. So currently we have V two and we have got to change it to V three. And let's use the same command, the cube cuddle, set, image, deploy command, and we'll just change this to three. Okay. So that's updated. And. Next. Let's run the whole test again. And when we run this this time, unlike the previous time, we see a lot of failures. So some of the requests are failing. And this is because it took down, um. It took down some of the. The pods as part of the upgrade because we are doing a recreate. So let's just give it some time. If you look at the application here, it says. Uh, bad gateway. Okay. And now we can see it started to respond. We have. The red color is coming up. And when we refresh this, we see that we have application V three and the red colors are coming up. Okay, so that's the end of this lab.