Alright, so how to connect to the internet? Now there are two options that you can use for that. The first option, you can configure the client VPN in the split tunnel mode. Now in that case, what happens is that all the traffic for the VPC will go through the AWS client VPN endpoint and rest of the traffic will be routed locally from the client machine using your Wi-Fi network or the Ethernet network. So it will be something like this. So now in this exercise, let's set up this split tunnel mode. And for doing this, I need to go to AWS console. But as of now, I can't access the internet, so I can't access AWS console. So the first thing that I need to do is to basically disconnect the client VPN connection. And later I will reconnect to that. Alright, so let's just disconnect. And then I should be able to access the console, right? And let's go here, let's say action, modify client VPN endpoint. And if you just go down here in the connection protocol, you see there is a full tunnel mode and the split tunnel mode. So let's enable that and modify this. Alright, that's it really. And we just need to now restart our client VPN connection. So let's connect again. Okay, it has been connected. Alright, so first let's try to connect to our private EC2 instance, which should always work. Right. And now let's try to connect to the Google's DNS server. And this is also working. However, if you see if I'm using the IPv4 protocol and try to ping to google.com, it might not work. And the error is not at the network layer, as I said, it is at the DNS layer. So it is not able to resolve google.com DNS. Now for that, we need to see what's the problem. And for that, let's go to here and view the logs. So let's just scroll down and see if there are any logs. So yeah, you see these logs, the DSCP option set unknown option domain route. Now, this is because AWS client VPN is pushing some DNS parameter, which open VPN client does not understand. And that's where probably if you are using AWS provided client VPN software that might understand these parameters. But because it doesn't understand these parameters, we need to make sure that it ignores these parameters. So for that, we just need to go back to the VPN client file and add this additional entry which says ignore this domain route parameter, right. So depending on your client VPN software, you may not have to do this. But because I'm using open VPN, I have to do this at this moment. All right, let's save it and I need to just re import the same. So let me just disconnect. And let me re import this updated file. And now let me reconnect. Alright, so I connected again. Now first thing let's ping to the EC2 instance. It is working. Then let's ping to Google's 8.8. It is working. And now the important test is about ping-4 that is ipv4 protocol google.com and you see it is working. So we are now able to resolve the DNS as well. So depending on the client VPN, you might have to do these additional settings. But now you see the internet traffic is going through my local Wi-Fi router and all the VPC traffic is going through the AWS client VPN. Right, so I hope you get that. Alright, so you saw how to access the internet by using the split tunnel functionality. Now other option is to also route the internet traffic directly through the VPC. Now for that you need to add the internet gateway to your VPC and then you need to add the route in the AWS client VPN to allow that traffic to the internet. And same thing you need to do for your authorization rule as well. So if you do that, then you can access the internet via the VPC. So all the traffic again goes through the AWS client VPN endpoint. If you configure that in a full tunnel mode and internet traffic will go out through this internet gateway. Now we are not doing this exercise, but if you want, you can continue to change your setup accordingly and see if you can access the internet via this route. Alright, now one more thing, as I said, you can also access the remote networks through this client VPN. Now what do I mean by that? If you have another VPC, which is paired to this VPC, then again, what you need to just do is add another route in the AWS client VPN endpoint and in the authorization rules. Now what do I mean by that? So just go to the client VPN configuration and here in the authorization rule, add the target network as that particular VPC, which is paired and also add corresponding route entry in the route table. Once you do that, you can also access that paired VPC. Alright, so that's everything about AWS client VPN that you should know. So just to recap, we saw that there are different components in the client VPN and the important ones are the authentication system where you could use active directory or SAML based authentication or the certificate based authentication. Now further for controlling the access to the target network, you can configure the routes in the AWS client VPN as well as you can write authorization rules. Now these rules make more sense when you are using the active directory because then you can map particular groups of the user to the particular target network. And further, we saw a couple of options to access the internet. For example, you can use split tunnel mode or you can also use internet gateway of the VPC to configure your outbound internet traffic. So likewise, we saw that you can access remote networks as well through this AWS client VPN endpoint. So that's it about this exercise. And before I let you go, make sure that you delete everything because there will be cost for per AWS client VPN endpoint and the connections that you made. So the first thing that you should do, you should go to the client VPN and disassociate this target network because it takes some time. And once it is done, then you should delete this client VPN endpoint. So let's delete that. And once you do that, you should terminate the EC2 instance. And finally, once the instance is terminated, then you should delete your VPC, which will internally delete all your subnets, root table, everything, right? So as of now, it won't allow me to delete, but I hope you get it right. So I will delete it after my EC2 is terminated. Alright, so that's it about this exercise, and I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you.