In this video, we'll learn about the difference between vertical and horizontal scaling. So let's imagine that our application is taking off, that we have a lot of traffic and it's only growing. And we have users that are making thousands of requests per second. And so now we need to think to ourselves, how do I scale my database solution so that it can handle all of this growth that we are experiencing. And there are two main strategies that we could potentially use vertical scaling and horizontal scaling. With vertical scaling we are going to upgrade a single database server to make it more powerful. So for example, let's assume that we have an RDS instance and the instance type is an m7 I large instance with two virtual CPUs and eight gigs of memory. And now I need a faster, more powerful instance. Well, I could just simply take that instance and make it more powerful by changing the instance type. So maybe we change it to an extra large instance type, and we get four virtual CPUs and we get 16 gigs of memory. I still have a single database instance, but that one database instance is more powerful than it was before. That's an example of vertical scaling. And eventually you could potentially reach a ceiling here. There's only so much we can do to make one specific instance more powerful. So this method works. It's simple but it's not infinitely scalable. And if we just continue to kind of think about RDS because it's easy here, let's talk about horizontal scaling with RDS. Instead of just taking your one server and making it more powerful with horizontal scaling, now we're going to have multiple nodes doing the work right. So it's kind of like if you think of the grocery store, let's say that you have a long line at the grocery store. Well, you could make one line faster, you know, by adding a bagger and having multiple people working in that one line to try to help out. Or you could just open two lines and that might work out even better. So that's kind of what we're doing here with horizontal scaling. We're allowing multiple database servers to share the work. And these will either be read replicas. Or we could use sharding. Right. We could kind of take the database and put half of the database contents here, half of the database contents here, and spread out that workload one way or another. Or we could use read replica. Here's the problem. Traditional relational databases don't handle horizontal scaling all that well, right? These relational databases are built for consistency. They're built for complex relationships. They're not built for these massive global scale out architectures. And that's one of the reasons why NoSQL databases have emerged as a great solution for really large and really high performance databases.