All right. So now that we've talked about traditional database architecture with RDS as our example, let's start to shift gears and talk about a more scalable and more massively scalable solution with a NoSQL database. And let's talk a little bit about why they were designed in the first place. And let's start with a little bit of history of Amazon. And when Amazon started out all they sold was books. So let's imagine a database full of information about books. And we're just going to use Microsoft Excel to visualize what a relational database would look like if it contained a bunch of books. And as you can see here, all of my books fit very neatly into what I'm going to call the schema of this database. So every book is going to have a title, every book is going to have a page count. Every book is going to have either a hardcover or a softcover, and every book is going to have an author. All of these books fit very neatly into the schema of this relational database. But then eventually Amazon started selling things that were not books. Things like hammers and sneakers and beauty care products and electronics. And if we think about this evolution of Amazon, they had to make adjustments and they had to make adjustments to their database. So for example, if I look at this relational database, I really can't fit my hammer that I want to sell into this database. Right. The hammer doesn't have a title. Um, maybe I can just make the title hammer. Sure. But it doesn't have a page count. It doesn't have a cover. It doesn't have an author. You know, it might have other attributes. Like which type of hammer is it? Is it a claw hammer. Is it a whatever? Right. We've we've gotten different types of hammers, but now that we've got these different types of products that we sell, they don't fit neatly into my relational database. And so that led to the need for NoSQL databases. Now NoSQL stands for not only SQL. These databases move away from rigid table structures and rigid schemas to embrace flexibility, and NoSQL database is non-relational. The data is not stored in tables with strict schemas. Instead, the data is organized as documents or key value pairs or graphs. So there's no schema with a NoSQL database. And another key characteristic is that a NoSQL database is horizontally scalable. You can add more Or nodes to handle more traffic. In a moment, we'll talk about what that means with DynamoDB. So NoSQL databases are designed to be massively scalable and very high performance. One of the trade offs is they also often feature eventual consistency. So imagine you have the ability to read data from multiple nodes. Well, some of those nodes might not get updated quite as quickly as other nodes, so the data might not always match across all of those nodes. So that's one of the downsides. And that's one of the reasons why we say things like, for example, if you are a bank and people need to check their balances. A relational database might be ideal for that scenario. However, if you are a social media website and you want to store people's posts and comments and likes and you have massive scalability Availability needs. In that case, a NoSQL database would be ideal. Or if you are e-commerce and you want to store people's shopping cart sessions or product catalogs, those things are perfect for a NoSQL database. So instead of having a single monolithic database that stores everything in these neatly interconnected and linked tables, NoSQL databases are meant to spread data across many nodes. And this makes them highly scalable and fault tolerant. So let's talk about this in terms of AWS and DynamoDB. So when we say that DynamoDB spreads data across many nodes, we are referring to underlying storage and compute infrastructure that AWS manages for you. This is all managed for you behind the scenes. Each node is a storage and processing unit. So each of these nodes holds a portion of your table's data. Let's imagine that your DynamoDB table is storing thousands of products and information on all of those products. Well, each one of those nodes is basically a partition, a portion of that data. And so you never see or manage these nodes directly. Um, DynamoDB is 100% fully managed. So AWS is going to control for you how many partitions and nodes do you actually have. And it's going to choose that based on your performance requirements. So nodes will be automatically added or removed as your workload changes. So if your application scales from a few hundred requests per second, up to maybe millions of requests per second. AWS simply adds more back end partitions and nodes seamlessly and transparently, and all of the data that is going to be stored in a DynamoDB table is automatically replicated across three AWS availability Zones within the same region. So when you create a DynamoDB table, each item within that table is redundantly stored in three different availability zones. Each availability zone has replica nodes that keep copies of the same data partitions. So yes, these nodes are fully managed. You do not provision or configure them. And this little diagram just kind of lays out how it looks right. Here's your application that is using an API to send or receive data to and from DynamoDB. Those API calls are sent to the DynamoDB front end, which then handles the distribution. It's almost like sharding in a traditional relational database, where now your data is all spread out across these multiple partitions in multiple availability zones. And DynamoDB is managed. It's going to handle all of that for you. I mentioned one of the drawbacks is potentially consistency problems. So let's say for example, we are writing some updated information to our DynamoDB table. Maybe one of our records are changing. The possibility exists that that record may change more quickly in one partition. And then a little bit later it changes in another partition. That's what I mean by consistency issues. You might have slightly different information within these different partitions in your DynamoDB table.