In this lesson, I'll explain some of the basic concepts of DynamoDB, and I'll also introduce the concept of a partition key. So DynamoDB is a fully managed service. It's highly available, it's serverless, and it provides a NoSQL database. And it's going to automatically replicate data across multiple availability zones. So you get built in fault tolerance and built in durability. You don't have to provision any servers. You don't have to set up any clusters. You don't have to set up any storage. AWS does that all for you. And as far as performance goes, DynamoDB is built for massive scale millions of requests per second, hundreds of terabytes of data at extremely low latency, single digit millisecond latency. It also integrates with Im so you can use identity and access management for access control. It supports event driven programming with DynamoDB streams, so you can have changes in your DynamoDB table as the starting point for programmatic actions. It also includes auto scaling and storage tiering to help you manage overall costs and performance. So let's talk a little bit about the concept of a primary key in DynamoDB. Your data is stored in a DynamoDB table, and every table has a primary key. You will need to define the primary key when you create the table. So in each table you're going to have items. And the items are kind of like row rows in a relational database. And each item has certain attributes. And these are kind of like the columns in a relational database. So in the example I showed you earlier, we had an Excel spreadsheet and each row was an item and each column was an attribute associated with each item. But DynamoDB is not a relational database, it is Schemaless. There's no schema here. That means that two items in the same table don't have to share the same attributes. One item might have four attributes. One item might have six. One might have two. It's completely flexible. And the attributes don't have to match up. The attributes for item number one are not the same as the attributes for item number two. Each item can be a maximum of 400kB in size. And the attributes can be of different data types. We're going to learn more about this later. But the attributes can be scalars which include strings and numbers and binary. They can be documents. Things like lists and maps. And they can be sets. String sets, number sets and similar things to that. So the overall idea that you want to get here at this point is the database is very flexible. You can store your data in a way that makes sense and fits your application. It's not a rigid schema that you have to make your application fit. And so when you create a DynamoDB table, one of the things you need to do is choose a primary key. This is something that will come up on some of the AWS certification exams, like the Certified Solutions Architect associate or the Certified Developer Associate. You'll see this covered. And there are two options of ways that you can choose the primary key. Option number one is a partition key. So each item is going to have a unique partition key. So for example here we have a table of users. And within this table our partition key might be the user ID. That might be something that we can choose for our partition key. That partition key is going to determine how data is distributed across the multiple partitions of your DynamoDB table. And the more diverse or the higher level of cardinality that your key values have, the more your data will be spread out, right? Which means better performance and better scalability. If you don't understand what I just said, that's okay. We're going to talk about the concept of cardinality in the next video, and explain a little bit more about why it's important that each item has a unique value. That's the basic idea here is we want each item to have a unique value. And notice here in this example, Bob doesn't have a last name. That's fine. In DynamoDB we can have attributes for one item that are missing or are null. Now the other option that we have is to use a partition key and a sort key. And when I use a sort key and a partition key together, this is a composite primary key. It's a combination of the partition key and the sort key that must be unique for each item. So this is ideal if you need to group related data together. So for example here we could use a user ID and a game ID. And the partition key would be the user ID. The sort key would be the game ID. And so this allows us to have the same user like for example user 101. Well maybe user 101 has played the game multiple times, and I want to show all of the games. So I want to query my database and say, tell me all the games that have been played by user 101. Well, this model is perfect for queries like that because all of that user's data is stored together and it's all sorted using that sort key. Okay, so let's go back to our little spreadsheet here. And let's go through an exercise of choosing a good partition key. Let's imagine that you're building a database of books and you want to decide what should the partition key be. So we've got titles here for all of these books. We've also got whether or not they are hardcover or softcover and who the author is. Now, which field would make the best partition key. And in this case, the title of the book would make the best partition key because it is different Every one of these books has a different title. That means the title is going to be unique for each record. If we choose something like hardcover or softcover, this is going to create problems because all of our books are going to be either hardcover or softcover. That means that all of the softcover books would end up on the same partition, and all of the hardcover books would end up on the same partition. This is something known as hot partitioning. This has a negative impact on performance, so it's important to choose a partition key that is unique. It's going to have many different unique values, and it's going to result in an even spread of your data. But that's a quick overview of DynamoDB. It's a fast, scalable, fully managed NoSQL database. It's ideal for massively scalable and high performance applications.