In this video, we'll take our first hands on look at DynamoDB, and we're going to create our first DynamoDB table. And so here you can see I've logged into the AWS console. I'm going to be performing all of my demos in the US East Ohio region. So I'm just going to select that region. And then I'll go up here to the search area. And I'm just going to type in DynamoDB. And so here's my DynamoDB service. I'll click on that. And all of my little menu options for DynamoDB are over here on the left we're going to start by going to tables. So in the world of DynamoDB we don't need to create a database instance. We don't need to create a database or choose a database engine. All of that stuff is already there. We're just going to jump straight into creating a table. And so I'm going to click on Create Table here. And so for table name we're going to use the name books. This is going to be a DynamoDB table full of books. And then we're going to create a partition key. And it's important that the partition key is unique that the partition key has a high level of cardinality. And what I mean by that is that every single book that we enter into this table should have a different, unique book ID, so that all of the items in the table end up getting distributed equally across different partitions. And so the book ID is simply going to be a string. We can choose a string, a binary or a number. Here we're going to stick with string. And we're not going to enter a sort key at this point. All right. So every book in our table is going to have a unique book ID. And now we're going to set up some of the settings for our DynamoDB table. We're going to click on Customize Settings. And we can choose which class of table we want to use here. The default option of DynamoDB standard is ideal for general workloads. There's another option DynamoDB Standard-infrequent access, and this is going to cost less for data that you rarely read or write. So if you're archiving data, Standard-infrequent access is a great option. So I kind of think of standard as like an active bookshelf. These are the books that I use every single day, and I keep them on a bookshelf right in front of my desk. Infrequent access is like books that I'm going to put in the attic, right? It's cheaper to keep them there, but I won't reach for those books as often. So I'm going to go with DynamoDB standard for this first table, and then for capacity mode, I can choose on demand or provisioned with on demand. DynamoDB will automatically scale as my workload changes versus provisioned, where I am going to specify read capacity units and write capacity units. We're going to choose either on demand or provisioned. Now I'm going to choose provisioned in this case. And the reason that I'm choosing provisioned is because this is included in the AWS free tier. If I choose on demand, that's not included. So you get free storage. With either option, you can get up to 25 gigs of storage for free. Included in the free tier. But if I want to use the free tier, I have to use provisioned capacity mode. And so within this provisioned capacity mode I am going to disable auto scaling. And I'm going to set my read and write capacity units to two. And here's the way you want to think of this. In real life you might choose on demand. You might allow DynamoDB to dynamically scale and basically give you the horsepower that you need to run your database with the proper level of performance. Or you can provision it for specific read and write capacity units, and control exactly how many resources this database is able to consume. And so basically in this situation I have two read and to write capacity units that are always ready to go and are always ready to handle the workload of my database. If you are automatically scaling, if we choose to automatically scale instead of strictly provisioning capacity units, then this warm throughput setting becomes important because as our workload increases, we might want to pre-allocate more resources in advance to kind of make sure that our performance stays consistent. But in this case, that setting doesn't really matter too much here. So we're going to just skip warm throughput and keep those default values. And we're going to scroll all the way down to the very end here. Because we want to keep it relatively simple. This first time we create a table and we're just going to click Create Table. All right. So now my first DynamoDB table is being created. You can see the partition key. Here is the book ID you can see the read and write capacity mode are shown here as provisioned. You can see how much storage space my table is currently consuming. Right now it's zero bytes. And if we click on the name of our table, we'll be able to see all of the details of how this table is configured right here. All right. So now let's go through the process of actually creating some items to exist within this table. And so up here at the top right you can see explore table items. And at the moment there are no items in this table. I haven't created any items yet. So let's go ahead and try one out. Let's click create Item here. And I'm going to first assign a book ID. And so the book ID for my first book is going to be book 001. This is just a unique identifier that every single book will have. So my second book will be book 002, and I'm also going to add some new attributes to this item that I'm creating. So these are going to be string attributes. And each book is going to have a title. And I'm just going to make up the title for a book, I'm going to call it The Cloud Chronicles. And I'm going to add yet another new attribute. This is going to be the author of the book, and I'll just go ahead and put my name in there as the author. And so now we've got a couple attributes for our first item. Let's go ahead and click Create Item. And now we've got our first item in our DynamoDB table. And unlike a relational database, DynamoDB does not force you to define every attribute ahead of time. There's no schema. So if I now click create item I can create another book. And so let's try something out here for the book ID I'm just going to put in book 001. This is the exact same value that I used for the last book that I created. So let's see what happens if I don't put in a unique value for my partition key. And I'm also going to add a few other attributes. The title this time is going to be AWS databases. I'm going to add yet another attribute for author, exactly the same as the last book I put in. I had an author, and again, I'm just going to put in my name for the author. And then let's add even one more attribute here. I'm going to make it a number, and I'm going to call it pages and the number of pages of this book is going to be 310. Okay, so now I've filled out all of the attributes for this item. Let's see what happens when I click Create item. And remember I used the identical partition key for this item as I did for my first item. And it's going to tell me no, you can't do that. An item with this primary key already exists. Okay, well let's give it a unique value. Let's make it book 002 and let's try to click Create item one more time. And there we go. So other attributes like for example the author. Those can be the same across multiple books. But the partition key itself has to be unique. And you can see the flexibility here. We don't have to have the same set of attributes for everything in our DynamoDB table. Okay. So we've created our first table here. Let's go back to the tables area and let's create a second table. And this table I'm going to call book reviews. And the partition key is going to be book ID. So I'm going to use that same identifier here for my partition key. But we're also going to have a sort key. So we're going to try out a sort key in this table. And the sort key is going to be review ID. So the partition key groups all related data while the sort key uniquely identifies and orders those reviews. And we'll see a good view of exactly what I mean as we move a little deeper into creating the table contents here. So let's just go with the same settings as last time. We're going to go with DynamoDB standard. We're going to go with provisioned capacity. We are going to disable auto scaling. We're going to provision two read and write capacity units. And then we're just going to go to the very end here and create our new table. And so now that the table is created let's go ahead and click on the name of the table here. And within the table I'm going to click Explore Table Items. And just like we did in the last table we're going to start creating some items. Now you'll notice that every book has to have a book ID. So the first book is going to be book 001. The review ID is going to be R001. So every item that I put in this table must have a book ID and a review ID, and then we'll add some new attributes here. We're going to call this attributes text. And it's going to say something like this book was great. All right. There's the text for my review. Let's add one more new attribute. I'm going to add a number. And the number is going to be a rating zero through five. We'll say yeah we really loved it. This book got a five. Okay so there's my first book. And bear in mind the partition key and the sort key book 001 is the partition key are 001 is the sort key which is the review ID right. So now let's create an additional item in this table. And I am going to use the exact same partition key as I did with the previous item in this table, but that's okay. That's going to work here. We saw that we couldn't do this before when we were only using the partition key. But now we're using a partition key and a sort key. So let's make the sort key a new unique value. R002. And let's just quickly add some new attributes here for the text. I'm just going to put I hated it. And then for the rating I'm going to put in a one. And let's create this item in our table. So there you go. Now you've got two different reviews for this same book. And so both reviews are created successfully even though we had the same book ID, because the book ID and the review ID combined is unique. So book 001R002 is different than book 001. R001. So this is where the sort key adds real power. It lets you store multiple related items like for example, multiple reviews for the same book, and it keeps them neatly grouped together. And if we have more books, for example, let's call it book 002 with a review ID of review 001. And again, we'll add some new attributes here for the text we'll put. Great. And for the review score here we'll put five. And let's create yet another item in our DynamoDB table. So now your table has multiple books. Each book has their own set of reviews. All right. So in this lesson we created two tables. We created one table called books with a simple partition key. And then we also created a second table called Book Reviews, with a composite partition key, with a partition key and a sort key. And those partition keys decide where items are stored. Sort keys decide how items are organized. We also saw that every item could potentially have different attributes. We saw this in our books table where some of the items in our books table had page counts listed and some did not. And behind the scenes DynamoDB is going to handle replication, scaling, fault tolerance, all of that good stuff behind the scenes. So that's it. Now you've built your DynamoDB table, and as we progress, we'll explore capacity and throughput and some of the other details of our DynamoDB tables in much deeper detail.