In this video, we're going to start to work with the capacity management features of our DynamoDB table. And in the prior hands on demo, we created two DynamoDB tables. So I'm just going to click on the name of my books table. And here under Read Write capacity I'm going to click edit. And so what I want to do now is switch my capacity mode. Maybe this is a DynamoDB table that frequently experiences changes in workload. It's very dynamic. And so the demand changes frequently. Well in that situation an on demand model might actually make more sense. And now my billing is going to change. I'm going to pay based on read request units and write request units. That's hard to say. And it's potentially going to be more expensive. But I'm only going to pay for the capacity that I actually use. So I do have the ability to change the capacity to on demand, or if it's an on demand table, I can change it to provisioned. And I just want to make it clear how you can switch here. Right. So we've got on demand or provisioned mode. This has changed relatively recently. You can switch a table from provisioned to on demand up to four times in a 24 hour period. You can switch from on demand to provisioned at any given time. That didn't used to be the case. You used to only be able to switch once per 24 hours. That has been updated, and now you can switch it up to four times during a rolling 24 hour window. So you'll notice that as we switch from on demand to provisioned, we have the ability to use this capacity calculator here. And so let's try it out. Let's say that our average item size is six kilobytes. And let's say that we're going to do five reads per second and three writes per second. And the reads are going to be eventually consistent reads and the writes are going to be standard. So the eventually consistent reads are going to count as one read capacity unit each. And so you can see here here's the number of read capacity units that we're going to use. Here's the number of write capacity units that we're going to use. It's six kilobytes times three writes per second. Now the read capacity units might be a little bit more confusing than the write capacity units. So we are reading five items per second. Each of those items is six kilobytes. But we have to round up right. We have to round up. So let's assume that each item actually counts as eight kilobytes, because we have to round up to the nearest multiple of four. So essentially by rounding this up, we're not just going to do five reads. We're actually going to do eight because it's going to take two reads to handle each of those items. But with eventual consistency, that's okay because you get two eventually consistent reads for each read capacity unit. That's why the read capacity units comes out to five. Now a strongly consistent read would be different. We would need ten read capacity units and we can try that out here. Let's change this to strongly consistent. And we notice immediately that the read capacity units changes to ten. And then we can also enable automatic scaling here. So what we've got currently in our table is auto scaling is disabled. But I can turn it on. So I'm going to turn it on for both read and write capacity Opacity. I'm going to leave my minimum capacity units as one. I'm going to change my maximum capacity units for reads up to five. And I'm also going to set the maximum capacity units for writes up to five. And the target utilization is 70%. So if we start exceeding 70% usage of the read capacity units or the write capacity units, it'll automatically add more all the way up to a maximum of five. All right. So we are now going to save these changes. And it's important to note that your DynamoDB table is no longer eligible for the free tier. And we will be able to see the auto scaling activities that occur here under this auto scaling activities area. And we can refresh it right here. So what we're going to have to wait a few minutes for this to start working. But right now I'm not using any reads or writes on this database table. So it should scale down to the minimum. And you can see as of right now we are at two provisioned read and write capacity units. So hopefully we should see this thing scale down to one. And there we go. Just said scaling write capacity units to one. So it's working on scaling this in and giving me fewer read and write capacity units. And I waited a little bit longer. And you can see here it's also taking the same action on reads. It's scaling those capacity units down to one. And eventually if I refresh my screen here, you're going to see it reflected here that the provisioned capacity units have now been changed to one for read and one for write. So that's how auto scaling can potentially save you money is by bringing those read and write capacity units down to an absolute minimum when you don't need them. Okay, let's click edit here one more time next to read write capacity. And let's just take a quick look at what you can configure here. For on demand, you can set a maximum for read requests and write request units. So this is just a ceiling right. If you want to just set an absolute maximum to control what your bill could potentially be, you can choose these boxes here and say, you know, maybe I want to limit it to ten or read request units and so on and so forth. Right. You can just set your maximum there. There's not a lot of settings to configure beyond that. You could just save your changes here. And now you've got an on demand capacity model for your DynamoDB table. So yeah, I just wanted to show you that there's very little to configure if you want to set the on demand capacity model here.