In this video, we'll learn about local secondary indexes and global secondary indexes, and how they can be used to improve query performance with DynamoDB. These concepts are very important if you're planning on taking the AWS Certified Developer Associate or the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam. And so we are going to introduce the concept of indexes. Indexes allow you to query your data in different ways without scanning the entire table. And that's a big important thing. We don't want to have to look through the entire table when we want to perform a query. We want to be able to find the data we're looking for fast. So let's imagine that your DynamoDB table is a bookshelf, and all the books on it are organized to alphabetically by author. Right. Author is kind of like your partition key. So if somebody asks you for a book by a certain author, you're going to be able to find it really quickly. Now, if somebody asks you show me a book from the year 2015, or show me a book with 12 chapters, that's going to be much harder to find. You're going to have to flip through every single book on your shelf. And that's sort of like doing a scan of your database. It's really slow and labor intensive. Indexes are like extra catalogs in your library. You know, maybe we can have an index that's sorted by page count of your books. Maybe we can have an index that's sorted by the year that the books were published. And so now, if I need to find a book published in a certain year, I can find it really quickly. And that's the purpose of secondary indexes with DynamoDB. It's to organize the contents of your database in a different way. And we're going to focus on two types of secondary indexes. Local secondary indexes or LSI and global secondary Indexes or GSIs. A local secondary index gives you an alternative sort key while keeping the partition key the same as your base table. So we've already seen a little bit about using sort keys within our DynamoDB tables. This is like having an extra sort key to work with. So let's go back to Excel and think about a DynamoDB table example that we've looked at before. And let's say that I want to query my book review database. And so my query says, hey, show me all of the reviews for book 101. That query is going to happen really quickly because we are querying based on the partition key. And let's assume that the review ID is the sort key. So I can very easily issue queries related to the sort key as well. But what if I want to see all of the books that have a rating higher than four? Well, that's going to be really challenging because rating isn't my sort key. I would have to scan all of the contents of the database, and then filter those contents for reviews that are above four. And that's going to be really inefficient. So maybe what I want to do here is create a local secondary index where rating is going to be the sort key for that secondary index, so I can have an index sorted by ratings with all of this information. And now I can easily execute a query that says, show me all of the books with a rating higher than four. So secondary indexes and specifically local secondary indexes are a way to create additional indexes to organize your tables. And you can have up to five lsis per table. The lsis must be created when the table is created. You cannot add them later. And the Lsis themselves share the read and write capacity units of the main table. So just understand that any operations that are carried out using the LSI are going to go towards that total read and write capacity units that you're using for the table itself. So let's talk about a few key pieces of information about Lcis that are important for the exam. There is a ten gigabyte item collection limit, so each partition key in all of the related items can't exceed ten gigabytes total. So for example, let's say that we have a book with the partition key of B001. Well, all of the items with that particular partition key cannot exceed ten gigabytes. Um, if it does, writes to that partition key will fail. And you can't delete Lcis once they're created. So you have to plan carefully before you create your tables and you don't want to over index. AWS documentation warns us that having unnecessary indexes add cost and complexity. So think about the queries that you truly need and consider local secondary indexes for those. Or we could consider a global secondary index instead. And in a global secondary index is going to allow you to define a new primary key, not a sort key, but a primary key, meaning that you can query your data in in a totally different way than your base table allows. So if we go back to our book table here, right now, you can run a query and you can say something like, show me all of the reviews for book 101. Um, you can use your sort key to to issue queries as well. But if I need to know, hey, which books were reviewed by Carol without an index? Again, you would have to scan every single record, and that's going to be very slow. Instead, we could create a global secondary index and make the primary key or the partition key of that global secondary index. The reviewer, you know, and maybe in this case we would have the review ID be the sort key or the rating be the sort key. Um, and so now you can run, you know, give me all of the books reviewed by Carol using your global secondary index and quickly find that information and again, some important testable objectives. Here you can have up to 20 guesses per table. You can add, delete or modify global secondary indexes after table creation. That's a big difference between them and local secondary indexes. And each global secondary index also has its own read and write capacity units so you can control All the capacity of your global secondary indexes, independent of the capacity of of the table itself. And this is a critical piece of information for the exam. So local secondary indexes share throughput with the main table. They share read and write capacity units with the main table a global secondary index has its own throughput. However, let's imagine that the global secondary index becomes throttled. Like for example, we don't have enough write capacity units for the global secondary index because every time data is written, DynamoDB must update its table, but it also has to update the global secondary index as well. And if it can't do that, then DynamoDB won't be able to perform its write. Eight. So when you write to a DynamoDB table that has a global secondary index, DynamoDB actually has to do two separate writes behind the scenes. The first write is to the base table write. This is where the main data for DynamoDB table is stored. But there's also a second write that has to be performed on the global secondary index, so that the index has an accurate picture of what is in our table. And those writes must succeed together. That means that DynamoDB will not confirm your write until both the table itself and the index have been successfully updated. So if your global secondary index doesn't have enough write capacity units, DynamoDB won't be able to complete the full operation. And as a result, the main table also gets throttled, even if the main table actually has plenty of write capacity units available. And so when you're thinking about these secondary indexes, you really want to start from a perspective of what are the questions that my application is going to need to ask? What are the queries going to look like. And then design your indexes around those queries and only those queries that are going to happen frequently in real life. And just keep in mind that a local secondary index, an LSI, gives you ways to sort data within the same partition. So if the partition is book ID, we are sorting within that partition, whereas a global secondary index gives you new ways to access your data across the entire table and allows you to establish a new primary key for that index.