In this video, we'll learn how to work with secondary indexes within DynamoDB. We're going to look at local and global secondary indexes and how they provide different ways to query data. So we're going to create a new table. We're going to query it using both an LSI and a GSI. And we'll understand how our query flexibility improves with these indexes. All right so here you can see I'm at the AWS Management Console. And we're going to. And so we're going to start by going to the DynamoDB console here. And within the DynamoDB console we're going to create a new table. And so the settings of the table are going to be we're going to name it Books Demo. And we are going to utilize a partition key called book ID, and we're going to have a sort key of rating. So again, just like a lot of the examples we've already done, this is going to be a database full of books. And we want to create a local secondary index. We have to do that when we are creating the table. So under Table settings we're going to go to Customize Settings. And we're going to just scroll down here until we get to secondary indexes. And we are going to create a local index. And here you can see I've filled out the settings for this local secondary index. So let's go through these quickly for the sort key I've chosen rating. So we're going to have books. And we're going to have ratings associated with each of those books. And then you can see here under attribute projections I've chosen to include Certain attribute projections, specifically the reviewer name and the reviewer text. So a projection in a secondary index is going to define attributes from our main table that are going to be copied into that index. So when you create a secondary index, you can project additional attributes from the table into that index, so that queries on the index can return all of the data you need without actually having to read from the main table. Okay. So now we're done creating our secondary index. I'm just going to click Create Index. And then we're going to set up the rest of our configurations. For the table itself we're going to go with provisioned. We're going to turn off auto scaling. We're going to keep this one eligible for the free tier. So our read and write capacity units are going to be two each. And then we're going to scroll all the way to the end and just click Create Table. All right. So now I've created a table with a local secondary index. And once the table is actually finished I'm going to have to add some items to the table. Okay. So it looks like my table is ready. I'm going to click on Books Demo and I'm going to explore table items. And I'm going to create a new item. And so here you can see I've filled out all of the details for my new item. The partition key is B101. That's book 101. I have given it a rating value, a review ID, a reviewer name, and a review text. And I'm going to create this item. And then I'm going to take a moment to go ahead and add some more items to this table. And so here you can see I've added another review for book 101 with a rating of four. I've incremented the review ID by one, and I've gone ahead and filled out the rest of the attributes here. So let's create that item. And then I'm going to create a couple reviews for another book as well. So here I've created a new book ID B102 with a rating and a name and a review text. And so I'm going to create that item. And then I'm just going to create one more item again for book 102. Okay. And so now I've got a second review R2 for book 102. I filled out everything for that one. I'm going to go ahead and create that item. And so now if we look at our table here, we've got two books, each of which have two ratings. I've got my reviewer names, I've got my review IDs and I've got my review text. So I've got enough reviews here to work with this and to start doing some queries. So now let's go over here to the left. We're going to click on tables. We're going to click on our books demo table. And we're going to go to indexes. And here you can see my local secondary index. So now that we've confirmed our local secondary index is there let's go back to our books demo again here. And let's go to explore table items. And we are going to perform a query. And I'm just going to hide this little menu here so we can see this a little bit better. Now it's saying select a table or index. Well I want to perform this query using the secondary index that I created. So I'm going to choose Rating Index here. And I'm going to perform the query using that rating index. And so I want to perform a query on book 102 for example. So that's going to be my partition key. And for the sort key condition I'm going to say I want a rating that is greater than or equal to three. And so let's try to run this query and see what we come up with. Now for book 102 that should be all of the ratings. So actually let's make it greater than or equal to four so that it only returns one result. There we go. We can see the results of the query are basically instant. It shows us the one rating that has that five star review. So let's play with our query just a little bit more. I've said for the sort key, I want any ratings that are greater than or equal to the number two. I've also said though that the reviewer name attribute must be equal to Dennis. So if I run this query, it should only show me reviews by Dennis. If I change that value to Charlie, for example, let's run the query again. And now it's going to show me reviews that are specific to Charlie. Okay, so now that we've played around with our local secondary index, let's go back to the Dynamo DB dashboard. Let's take a look at our tables one more time here. Let's go back to books Demo and let's go to indexes. And we are now going to create a global secondary index. So I'm just going to collapse this. We'll click Create Index. And you can see here I'm using an entirely new partition key that's going to be genre. And the data type is going to be a string. I'm using a brand new sort key based on publisher, and that's going to be a number. And as you can see here, the global secondary index itself has read and write capacity units. So I can just copy those settings from the base table. Or I can specifically provision read and write capacity units here. So it's got its own separate set of read and write capacity units. And then finally attribute projections. What attributes do I want to project into this global secondary index. I'm going to choose a couple here. I'm going to choose book title and author. And I'll scroll to the end and hit Create Index. Now I've created a global secondary index. So let's click Explore Table Items here. And I'm just going to reset this. I'm going to turn off my queries, and I'm just going to scan everything here so that I can see all of the items in my table. We're going to make a couple quick changes here to the items that we already have. So for book 102 I'm going to add some new attributes. And I'm going to add an attribute of book title. And there's some other additional attributes I added. So every one of these books in my table is now going to have a title, an author, a genre, and a publish year. And the publisher is going to be a number and not a string. So I've now modified B102. Item B102 here I'm going to save and close. And you can see here that this particular item has all of this information in it. So I'm just going to go ahead and do the same thing for all of the other items in my table here. Okay, so I finished updating all of my items. Now they all have authors and book titles and genres and publish years associated with them. So now let's go back to my little DynamoDB menu here. Let's go to tables. Let's go to books demo. Let's go to indexes. And here you can see my global secondary index was created. So we're going to choose Explore Table Items again. And we're going to perform yet another query. This time we are going to use our global secondary index to perform the query. And so for partition key we're going to use the genre which in this case is going to be sci fi for example. And so for the sort key condition here for publish year, I'm going to put in 2020. And so now when I run this query it should show me all of the sci fi books that were published in the year 2020. And actually, it didn't show me any. Let's try the year 2022 and run the same query. And there we go. All of our sci fi books from the year 2022. So now we are able to complete these queries based on something that has absolutely nothing to do with the actual partition key of the DynamoDB table. Okay, so now that we're all done playing around with our indexes here, the final thing I'm going to do is go back to tables. I'm going to go to books demo. And I'm actually just going to go ahead and delete this table. Um, and it's going to give you the option to create a backup here. I don't want to do that. So I'm just going to click confirm, I'm going to hit delete. And it's going to delete the table in its entirety. Um, so I didn't choose to create a backup of my table. Right. Rephrase. And by the way you can always select one of these tables here. And you can choose to enable deletion protection to prevent a table from being accidentally deleted or, or if you want to control using IAM who has the ability to delete this table, that's something you can also do. All right. So in this lesson we saw how to configure secondary indexes for our DynamoDB table and how to query the contents of those tables using secondary indexes.