In this lesson, we are going to look at Filter Transformation. In any data project, we normally have a requirement to filter some data. We may want to get only the data related to current tax year or the last three tax years, for example. If you're familiar with SQL, this is same as using a Where clause. Spark gives us the Filter Transformation for exactly the same reasons. Let's start with the documentation and then I'll show you a couple of ways of writing the filter transformation. So let's get started. You'll find the documentation for the Filter Transformation and the DataFrame APIs. And if you scroll down, you'll find Filter. And as I said, this is same as the WHERE clause in a SQL statement. So Spark also gives you an alias, so you can use WHERE instead of Filter if you wanted to use. And it gives you the rows that satisfies the given condition. So it just takes one parameter and it filters the data depending on the condition specified there. So here are a couple of examples. As you can see, this is the kind of Python way of doing it, df.age>3. Or you could use the SQL syntax like you normally use in a WHERE clause like this as well. So you got both options to do. Let's switch to our notebook and write a couple of conditions to see that in action. My cluster is not running, so I'm going to quickly start that app. And. What I have done is I have created a folder called Demo within Formula One, and then I've created a notebook just to save a bit of time. And that's called 1.filter demo. I've created this folder specifically because this is just going to be demo code, we're not going to be using it for the application itself. So let me open this up and I've included the configuration here. So that means we can use the folder parts which we've specified in our configuration. So the first thing we want to do is to read some data. So what I'm going to do is, I'm going to read data from our races file. It's got a year column as well, so I'll show you how to do filters on year. And also I'll show you how to do filters on a couple of conditions as well together. So let's switch back and I'm going to read the data first into a DataFrame. So the Cluster is now up and running. So let's execute these statements. And I'm going to display the contents of the dataframe as well. As you can see, it's got over 1000 records here, so I think it's about 1058 records in this file, which includes data from every single race. But let's assume that we only want to get data related to one of the tax years. So the way you do that is you can either specify the filter on here or I'm going to create a new data frame. I'm going to call this one as races filtered_df. And that's going to be reading data from this dataframe, and you need to specify the filter condition here. So as I said before, there are two ways of doing it. I'll show you the SQL way. So the first SQL way is actually you can do race year=2019, let's say. I picked 2019, because 2020 was one of the weird ones because of COVID. So let's pick 2019. I think we would see about 21 records, because there were 21 races that year. So, yeah. So we've got the 21 races that happened during the 2019 year here. So it is as simple as this just to specify a Filter condition and I'll show you how to do the Filter condition in a kind of Pythonic way. So you would have to use the dataframe name here. So as we discussed before, when we talked about select, there are a few ways of referring a column in a dataframe, so that's kind of what you would do. So you can either go for the dot notation or you can go for the square brackets and double quote for these. And because now we're in Python rather than SQL, we got to specify the double equals to get the equals. So if I did just equals, it won't work because it's not really valid in Python. So you just do double equals and then that should work now and give us the same data, which is 21 records. So now let's look at how to specify multiple conditions. So let's assume that, I want to pick only the records from the first five rounds so I can say, and round <= 5, that should give me the top five records here. And if I look at the data, as you can see, it's brought back the five records from that dateframe. Let's now apply that in the Pythonic way. So here you can't use AND, you'll have to use ampersand for AND, and the pipe symbol for OR and similar to what we did before, we need to refer to the column via the dataframe, so that is races_df and then you can specify the column name here which is round and you just say, I want to pick the top five. So that is this, one more thing you need to do is to enclose these in brackets because they are separate conditions. So if I just do this and this, and now if you execute, you'll get the same results here. So a few things to remember. If you want to go with the SQL way, you can specify the WHERE condition as you would specify in SQL. If you wanted to do it this way, you need to refer to the dataframe notation. And also you need to use the Python and OR conditions and things like that. And if you have multiple conditions, you need to put them in brackets, unlike here, you don't have to worry about that. So that's how the Filter Transformation works. You can change the filter to WHERE and there will be no difference in the results as we saw in the documentation WHERE, it's synonymous with filter. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one.