In this lesson, we are going to look at the Join Transformations. Usually the data we need, is likely to be spread across multiple files or tables. As we've seen it now, Formula1 dataset has a number of files too. To take an example, driver details are in a separate file and race results are in a separate file. So if we wanted to report on the results by driver, we need to join the driver file to the results file. This is where the Join Transformation comes in handy. There are a number of Join types offered by Spark and we're going to go through all of those. So let's start with the documentation and then we'll go into the notebook and create the Join Transformation for ourselves. Here is the documentation for the Join Transformation. And as you can see, you apply the Join method on a Data Frame, and the parameters for the method are Other, which is the other dataframe or Spark calls that as right dataframe right side of the joint, and this one is called the left side of the join. And then the next parameter you specify is the conditions on which you want to join the two dataframes. And then the last parameter here is where you specify how do you want to apply the joins? So there are different types of joints here. As you can see, the default is the inner join. Otherwise you've got the outer joins and a couple of variations of that which is left outer join, full outer join and right outer join. And similarly you've got the semi joins, anti joins and the cross joins as well. We're going to look at all of these joins. So let's switch to our notebook. So I've created a notebook again under the demo folder and called it 2. joindemo. And the first line I've got the run for our configuration so that we got the folder paths made available for us. And the next thing we want to do is to read our data. So the two files we're going to read in to be able to join are the circuits file and the races file. So we'll read the processed data because, we've ingested all of that data already. So we're going to read the circuits data and the races data, and then I'll show you how the inner join works and left outer and all of those joins as well. And as you can see here on the diagram, the join condition between these two tables or files is the circuit id. So let's switch to the notebook and start reading these two files into dataframes. Okay, let's execute these statements. And I'm going to display the data for these dataframes. So the Circuits dataframe itself has got only 77 records. That includes all the racing circuits around the world. But the races dataframe, I'm going to show you that in a minute is going to have over 1000 records, which is not going to be good when we want to do some testing and show you the data. So what I'm going to do is, I'm going to apply a filter here so that, we only pull out data for one of the years, and it will be easier to look at the data when we have done the joins. So I'm going to look at the data for the year 2019. So let's run the display again. And as you can see, it's got 21 records, so that's more manageable. So we're going to use the 77 from here and the 21 from here. So now let's create a Dataframe to join the two dataframes here. So I'm going to call this one as racecircuits_df. And on the left hand side, I'm going to have the circuits df, and on the right hand side, we'll use the races df. Let's now specify the join condition which is using the circuit id. You may have noticed that I've used the double equals, because it is the Python syntax and the equals itself in Python is an assignment operator. So that's why we need to use the double equals, if you are looking for equality condition. So the last parameter itself is optional if you want to leave it, but I'll put that in just to make it explicit, it is in the join. So the last condition, if you don't specify, it's the last parameter. If you don't specify, then it will be assumed as the inner join because that's the default. So let's run this code. So that's gone through. Okay, So let's look at the data in this dataframe now. And as you can see, we've got the 21 records. So what that does is it takes data from this table, which is this, which is the circuits dataframe and uses the circuit id to join to the races dataframe and then gives us back the results. Not every Circuit had a race in 2019. There were only 21 races, and that happened on the 21 circuits. So that's why you've got 21 records and everything else has been excluded. So that's how the Inner Join works. But there are a few things you need to understand here. As you can see here, we'll have some of the columns repeated. So circuit id is here twice and the name is here twice as well. So there is a name, this name relates to this circuit name, and there is another name which relates to the race name. So what we can do is, we can use the Select method just to get the columns we're interested in. Let's do that. So let's say these are the columns we are interested in, so we want to get the circuit name and the location. So that would be in Australia and the location is Melbourne in Australia, and the race name in this case will be Australian Grand Prix. And the round in this case is number one, for example. So we want to pull all these five columns out of this one and we got a Select statement and we expect this to work and that has worked. So let's display again the dataframe outputs. We've got a problem here, right? So we've got name repeated twice. So if you wanted to get data from this and if you said I want the name and you're going to get a problem, so it's going to tell me that the name is ambiguous and it could be the name here or it could be the other name. We don't want to have the same column name used for two of the columns, so we need to change that. The best thing to do is to rename the columns before they come into the join condition. So what you do is actually, as we've seen previously, we can use the withColumn renamed here just to rename the columns. So what we've done is we have rename the name here on the circuit dateframe to circuit name and the name here on the races df to race name. So that means when you do your join, you will pull the right name. So circuits df, in this case, it will be circuit name. And here it will be a race name. And if I run this again, you're going to have columns with the right name, circuit name and race name. And if you wanted to select it later on, you would specify which column you want. So in this case, let's assume that I want to select the circuit name. I'm going to have that data, so I could use a show on that just to see the values in the dataframe as well. So this is something you want to be careful about, because it's a common thing when you join two tables, a lot of the times you are going to have the same column name on both tables and it's better to rename them before you do the joint so that you can select the right column names from the output dataframe, as you would expect. So in summary, the inner join basically joins two data frames and gives you the records which satisfies the condition. So in this case the circuit id, if that circuit id is present on both of the dataframes, you get the output from those.