So the next type of Join we want to look at is the Outer Join. The difference between the Inner Join and Outer Join is that, in the case of Inner Join, the join only returns the records, which satisfied on both a left dataframe as well as the right dataframe. So in our example, we only had the records for which the circuit id existed on both the left DataFrame, which is our circuits dataframe and the right dataframe, which is our races dataframe. As supposed to the Inner Join, in the case of Outer Join, you can have records which doesn't exist on either of those. So there are three types of Uuter Joins, the first one is the left outer join. So in case of the left outer join, the left dataframe is fixed so you get every single record from the left dataframe. And you get the corresponding data from the right data frame, if the value existed for the matching condition. Right Outer Join works exactly the opposite, the right dataframe is fixed and you get the matching results from the left dataframe, if the value existed for the matching condition or if the record existed for the matching condition. In case of the Full Outer Join, you get everything from both dataframes and if the condition is not satisfied on either the left or the right, you get nulls for those columns. We'll look at all of those. We've got data to satisfy our left outer join, because we have got circuits as you know, we got 71 circuits, I think 77 circuits, and we got 21 race records. So all of the race records have got a corresponding circuit, as we know. But let's change the data slightly, so that we can delete some of the circuits. so that means, we would have some races without the circuits, and I can show you how the right outer join works and the full outer join works as well. So in order to do that, I'm going to apply a filter on our circuits df to remove some of the circuits. So what that felt condition does is, it's going to include one the circuits with the circuit id less than 70 upto 69. So let's run that code. And let's run the races df as well. And if I display the output of the circuit df, we should see fewer records. We've got 69, because we said actually, we don't want circuit id greater than 70 or greater than or equal to 70. So we got circuits upto 69 and race as we know, we still have the 21 records, but now we're going to have some races which don't have circuits and some circuits which don't have races. So let's find the circuits which don't have the races first. I'm going to copy this join here, and we're going to put it here and change that to left. So either you can use left outer or a left, both of them works in the same way. And I'm going to execute that statement now, and that's done. So let's run the display as well again, just to have a look at the data. So as we can see, we got the 69 records. So as I said, when you do the left outer join, your left is fixed. So left dataframe here is the circuit's dataframe and the right is the races dataframe. So you've got the 69 records from the circuits dataframe. And if it found a matching record in the racse dataframe, you will get the value otherwise you'll get nulls. So let's have a look at this. As you can see, we got this one existed on both dataframe. So you've got the value here. But we didn't have a race in the Malaysian Grand Prix circuit, so you've got nulls for those ones. So this is how the left outer join works. So let's now have a look at the right outer join. It works opposite to the left outer join. What I mean by that, is you're going to have every record from the right side of the join, which is the races dataframe, but the left dataframe, it's going to put nulls where there is no record. So you should see 21 records with some nulls, because we deleted some of the circuits. So let's have a quick look at that. And as you can see here, we've got the 21 records and all the 21 records would have the race name, because our right side is fixed now. And as you can see here, Azerbaijan Grand Prix didn't have a circuit, because that's one of the circuits we've deleted. And similarly, I think you should see the Austrian Grand Prix didn't have a circuit and the Russian Grand Prix didn't have a circuit either. So the three that we deleted, we deleted eight records, but the three didn't have the race in 2019. That's why we're seeing the nulls here. So that's how the right outer join works. So let's do the full outer join as the last one. Fill Outer Join is a combination of both of these, so let's do that. So this is going to be again you can use either full or full outer and I'm going to run the display as well just to show you the output. And as you can see, we got 72 records here. So in this output, we're going to see some nulls on the right as well as some nulls on the left. But for the records that matched, you're going to have all the fields populated, which is one example here is Australian Grand Prix. But as you can see, the Malaysian one, we don't have a race. Istanbul, we don't have a race. But similarly, if we scroll down, we will find some which didn't have the circuit. So the three here, it's the Austrian, Russian and the Azerbaijan one don't have a circuit, so it is giving you a combination of both data frames and fill in nulls where it didn't find a match, but the records it found a match, it would just give you the full record there. So that's how the Full Outer Join works.