Inner Join and the Outer Join are the most commonly used Join Transformations in Spark. But there are three other ones which are, Semi Joins and Anti Joins and Cross Joins offered by Spark. So we'll go through those three as well. Semi Joins is basically very similar to a Inner Join, so that means you'll only get the records which satisfy the condition on both tables. But the difference between Inner Join and a Semi Join is you're only given the columns from the left side of the join, which is the left dataframe. So you won't have access to any of the right dataframes. So this is very similar to writing an Inner Join, but selecting the columns only from the left dataframe. So because of this I never end up using Semi Joins. I always write a Inner Join and select the columns I need to select. So let's do this now. And I'm going to change the Full to Semi, so you can use Semi or Left Semi. Both are the same. You can't specify any columns from the right dataframe here. I'm going to run it anyway just to show you what happens. So as you can see here, it tells me the attribute name, race name is not available and also round would be the same. So you can't use them, but instead you can take out these two columns and it should work okay. And I'm going to display the contents for you here. And as you can see, it's picked up the 18 records because we delete the three circuits, if you remember, 18 records, and it's given us the data. If you take out these select all together, which you can do and what you will see is every column from our circuit dataframe and no columns from the races dataframe. So as I said, it's an inner join basically, but you only get the columns from the left dataframe, which is the circuits df here and nothing from the races df, so that's the only difference. And as I said, I don't normally tend to use this, but it will be totally up to you. The Anti Join is an interesting one, it is quite useful. What it does is it gives you the opposite of semi join, so basically here in semi join it gave you everything which was available on both dataframes, but what the anti join is going to give you is everything on the left dataframe which is not found on the right dataframe. So let's run this one and you can use anti or left hand t, they mean the same thing and again I'm going to just do display. And as you can see, we got 51 records, but that wouldn't include any records we found up here. So the circuit id 1, 3, 4, 6, they won't be here. As you can see, we are seeing only 2, 5, 8 and things like that. If we turn it around, it'll be easier to see because we should see only three races which are not available on the circuits df. As you know, we deleted the three circuit, so I'm going to just do that here and we should see just three records coming out of this one. Because I left DataFrame now is the races DataFrame and we got three records here for the Azerbaijan, Austrian and the Russian Grand Prix. We don't have a corresponding circuit in our circuits dataframe, so that is Anti Joins for you. Cross Joins you need to be really really careful, because cross joins is basically give you a Cartesian product. What that means is it's going to take every record from the left, joined to the record on the right, and it's going to give you the product of the two. So let's do that just to show you how that works. Here the difference is you've got a different syntax to do the cross join. It's going to be the left dataframe. And then cross join with the J in uppercase and the right the dataframe. So that is the syntax for that one. And if I just do a display, you'll see thousands of records and I'm going to quickly. As you can see, showing the first thousand records and let's do a count on that. Okay, so we got 1449 records. So each record from the left, which is the circuit id one here, for example, is being joined to every record on the right, which which you may need it at times, but it is very rarely that you would want to join every record to the other table. One typical scenario normally people tend to find is, you may have a dimension table with a handful of records and then you've got a fact you want to duplicate with every record on the dimension. So that means you just join the two to get the final results. But otherwise, please don't use it because, one thing you will end up having is out of memory errors, because you are going to be dealing with big data when you're working on Spark. And if you join a big data table to another big data table, a massive table, you're going to end up with massive amount of data. Just to prove the point that, it is a Cartesian product, I'll just do a count on both of the dataframes and then show you whether that is the Cartesian product. And I'm going to do the count of this one. And multiply that with a count of the other dataframe, which is our circuits dataframe, and that should come up with the same count as the resultant dataframe here, 1449. So that's what's happened here with that. We been through all the joins available within Spark and I hope you've got a good understanding and that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.