Now that we've learned extensively about the Join Transformation, let's put that into practice. From the data we've ingested into our DataLake, we want to produce a dataset that will serve a dashboard or a website with the drivers race results. So that is our requirement. Let me show you an example of what I'm talking about from the BBC Sports website. Here I am in the BBC Sport website and as you can see here on the Formula 1, we got the results for the last, I think five years worth of races. We don't have any data for 2021 in our dataset, so let's pick 2020 and if I click on the full race results, as you can see here, BBC Sport website makes the data available for us on all of the race results. So this one here is the 2020 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix result. So I would like you to get a dataset which will satisfy the data requirements for this website. So as a Data Engineer, the first thing we want to look at is actually what are the data points here? So we got the data item 2020, which is the year in which the race happened and the name of the Grand Prix is here. And then you've got the Yas marina, which is the race circuit. And the date here is the date on which the race happened. And then as part of the table, we got a few data items as well. So firstly we got the driver details, we got the nationality of the driver in the form of the flag as well as the name of the driver. And then you've got the car number, the team, or we call it the constructor for which the driver is racing for, and then the grid position from where he started the race and the number of pit stops. And we got the fastest lap for the driver in the race and the time it took for him to complete the race, which is the race time. And then the number of points awarded to the driver as part of the race. So, as you know, we have all of these data items in our data, and we want to create one dataset which would contain all of this information, so that an API or a dashboard can access the data and make it available in a dashboard or a website. This is our entity relationship diagram. In order to satisfy our requirement for the dashboard or the API, we need to read data from driver's file to get the driver details, constructors file to get the team name, and then the results file to get the race results. We also need to read data from the races file to get the race details as well as we need to read from the circuits file to get the location of the race circuit. In our example, that was Yas Marina that you saw on the website. So the table I be given here, will give you the list of columns we want in our dataset and also the sources from where they are coming. So in our case, we got the race year, name and the date that come from races file, circuit location would come from this circuits file. And then you've got the driver details like driver name number and the nationality would come from the drivers file. And then you've got the team name that comes from the constructors file and the rest of the details here, such as grid, fastest lap, race time and the points would come from the results file. And also I've added a new column here and call it created date, which is similar to the ingestion date on the other files we processed previously and that would be set with the current timestamp. So I would like you to create a dataframe that contains all of these data items and then write that to a Parquet file under a new container called presentation. So there are two separate things we need to do here. One is to create a container called Presentation in our Formula1 dl storage account and mount that to our workspace so that we can write to that mount point. And also we need to create a notebook which will produce a dataframe with the data items we are seeing here, and then write that as a parquet file into the newly created mount called Presentation. As you have previous experience creating mount points and creating the container, and also recently you worked on the joint transformation. So I'm hoping you can do this as an assignment. So that's what I would like you to do. But if you do get stuck and if you need help, please come back and watch the next video where I'll explain my solution to this. Good luck.