Let's create a new folder to keep our new notebook so that our work is organized. So we've got the ingestion already. I'm going to create another folder and I'm going to call this one as trans. This is for transformation basically. So click Create Folder, and within that one we're going to create a new notebook. And I'm going to call this new notebook as race results, because that's what we're getting and that is a Python notebook and attached to the same cluster here and click Create. So the first thing we want to do is read all of our data as we need. If you remember, we wanted to read data from five of the tables, which is drivers, circuits, constructors, races, as well as results. So let's read all of that data into dataframes first. So we have now read all the five files into the dataframes here. But one thing we want to look at is actually if I extend this one. So as you can see, the driver dataframe has got a number for the driver number, that's something we are interested in and the name and the nationality. But we are going to have a conflict with other files here. So for example, we can have the name duplicated here as well in constructors. So when you join up the dataframes, you're going to have ambiguous column name. So we want to rename them here so that actually they could be used without any conflicts. So we discussed this earlier when we talked about Joins. I hope you can remember. Otherwise you can go back and watch the video as to why we're doing it. So let's do that next. Okay, that's done now. So you might be wondering actually, why I changed things like time to race time and race time to race date and things like that, because that is our requirement. If I switch back to the presentation, as you can see, we said actually these are the column names we want our output to have. That's why I changed those as well, apart from the ones which already conflict because of ambiguous names. The next thing we want to do is to join the dataframes. So we have five dataframes we need to join. So let's have a think about what's the best way to join those. So let me switch to the entity relationship diagram here. And as we said, the ones we're interested in are these three, which is circuits, drivers and constructors and then races and results. One thing you may notice is results has got a link to most of the table, so it's got the race id, so you can use the race id to link to the races table and you can use the driver id to link to the drivers table and constructor id to link to the constructors table, but it doesn't have a circuit id to link to the circuits table, but races can link to circuits using the circuit id. So what we would do is we would write a join to join these two dataframes to create a new dataframe, and then we'll join the new data frame and these two together to the results dataframe. So we'll end up having two statements rather than five different statements. That's the most efficient way of doing this. So let's start with the first one, which is to join the circuits dataframe to the races dataframe. So as you can see, we've joined the race dataframe to the circuits dataframe using the circuit id. And I left the third parameter blank, but the default, as you know, is inner. So we are doing an inner join, but it's brought back 15 different columns and that includes things like circuit id potentially duplicated twice, because it appears on both dataframes. So the next thing we want to do is just to select the columns we are interested in. So let's do that. Okay, we got the columns. We want to get out of that. So the next thing we want to do is to join this dataframe, which will have the races and circuits, as well as the drivers and constructors which we pulled out here into the results table, So results dataframe. So that's what we're going to do next. So we've now joined the results dataframe to the other three dataframes here. But one thing which is new for you potentially is, we are joining multiple dataframes to this dataframe. In the past we only had one dataframe as an example, so you can do what we're doing here. So results dataframe here is being joined to the three other dataframes using various different IDs. And if I expand the columns listed here, as you can see, we've got things like race id repeated twice and we got other fields as well potentially. So we want to select what we need in order to report. So let's do that. So we've selected the fields we needed, so that is the ten fields here. But if you remember, we also had a requirement to add the created date at the end, which includes a current timestamp. So it's probably appropriate to do it here. So let's add that column. So as you know, as we've seen previously, we can use withColumn to add a new column. So let's do that. And we need to import current timestamp from the pyspark.sql.function, so let's do that as well. All our work here is done now, except for writing to our container. But before we write to the containers, the parquet file, let's have a look at the data to ensure that we have got the right data. So I'm just doing a display on the final dataframe we've created here. Okay. As you can see here, we got the data as be expected, pretty much, I think. So we got some nulls here for race time. That is okay because not everyone finishes the race and fastest lap is null as well. But the \N is a null notation in My SQL, because that data we got is my SQL compliant. But if you are doing any machine learning, you would replace that with proper null or replace with any other value. So created date is also populated as we would expect. But in order to see the validity of the data, let's look at the 2020 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix results, so that we can be sure we got the right data in the right order as well. So let's have a quick look. So in order to do that, I'm going to use the filter transformation here. So we got the 20 records, but this is not been really ordered by anything, so it's it's difficult to tell actually, whether we match the results here, because Verstappen finished first and then Bottas finished second and Lewis Hamilton the third. So we should see the results in the same way in order to be able to compare this data against the data in the BBC Sport website, we'll also order by the data by the points. So as you can see, the winner gets 25 points and the second person gets 18 and then it keeps going down. So if we do an order by on points, by descending, then we will be able to see the data in the same order in our output as well. So Spark gives you a function called orderBy, which you can apply on dataframes. So let's go to the API reference and then go to DataFrame APIs and we should see orderBy. As you can see, that's applied on a dataframe and then you can send in your columns. So the way you can invoke there are a few options here, so you can either do dataframe.column name.descending or ascending, or you can go for things like the dataframe column name and then you can specify ascending faults and things like that. So we're going to go with a simple method here. But I would encourage you to try the others as well. I'm going to apply ordeBy here on the dataframe. And that's going to be on the final dataframe. And we want to do an orderBy points. And it's going to be descending. So let's apply that. And if I hit enter, we should see the data in the same order it's appeared there. So as you can see, we got Max Verstappen's got 25 points, Bottas 18 and Lewis Hamilton 15, and it's the same order and we got all the 20 drivers listed here. So this data here is exactly the same as what we're seeing here. And if someone's built a website or a dashboard, they could just point that to this data here and they can use it. So the final thing we want to do is to write this data to our presentation layer. So I'm going to do that. It will be quite familiar for you, because we are going to use the DataFrame Writter API, which we've been using all along. So again, in this case I'm going to overwrite the data if it's already there and then I'm going to write the data in the parquet format. The one thing it will be different is we're going to use a different layer here. So that will be the presentation layer. And that will go into race results folder. So let's execute that. Get all of that data is now written and we will use that data later on when we come to learn things like aggregations and stuff like that. So I hope now you are proficient with doing join transformations and that's the end of this lesson. So I'll see you in the next one.