Welcome back. In this lecture I'll give you an introduction to Databricks Repos. So let's start with a simple question. What is Databricks repo. So Databricks repo is a essential IDE feature that allows you to connect your Databricks workspace or the Databricks Development ID with the source control so that you can keep your source code, your notebooks, your code files, everything that you are creating for the project. You can keep them in the source control, and multiple people from your team can concurrently work on the same project. So that's the purpose of the Databricks repo. I'll give you a demo, how to configure it and how to use it. But before that, let's try to understand what you can do with the Databricks repo and what you cannot do. So Databricks repo is an IDE feature to connect and work with the source control system such as GitHub, Bitbucket, Azure DevOps, repos, lot of other uh tools are available, right? But it is not a source control system. It's just a tool that helps you to connect with the source control system and give you an opportunity to work with the source control system. So there are things that you can do from the Databricks repos. And since it is not a source control system in itself, there are things that you cannot do using Databricks Repos. For those things, you have to go to the source control system itself. So what you can do with the Databricks repos, you can clone your repo, you can push your code into the repository. You can pull your latest version of the source code or notebooks from the remote git repository. That's what you can do. You can create and manage branches for development work. For example, you can create feature branch yours for yourself, work in that feature branch, and then uh, commit uh into your feature branch. You can create notebooks and edit notebooks and other files, uh, which you can commit into the repository, your branch, all that you can do. And you can also visually compare difference at the time of committing that what is there and what changes you have made so you can understand what you are committing into the repository. So all that you can do. And this is pretty much all that any IDE would help you with, right? So most of the integrated development environments comes with some, uh, repository connectivity and repository features. And all the Ides offer you all these functionalities same way Databricks work is. Pace repos also offer you these functionalities for anything and everything else. You have to go to your repository. For example, if you are using GitHub enterprise, you have to go to your GitHub enterprise interface, or if you are using Bitbucket or you are using Azure DevOps repos, you have to go to the respective, uh, UI for doing the rest of the things. So what are the things that you can do from the repository? Lot of things, but I have highlighted few basic things, uh, that we often consume, uh, assume that Databricks repo should be providing, but yes, Databricks repo does not provide these functionality. So you cannot create a pull request for merging one branch into another branch that you cannot do from Databricks Repos. You have to go to your source control system. You cannot resolve and merge conflicts from the Databricks repos. You have to go to your source control and do the conflict resolution from your source control. Or you can use command line for your source control system to do the conflict resolution. You cannot merge or delete branches, uh, from your source control that is not allowed from the Databricks repo. You cannot rebase your branch, uh, from the repo for that. Also, you have to go to your Databricks repo. So these are the things that you cannot do. These are items that you cannot do from the Databricks repos. Uh, but these are the things that you can do with the Databricks repo. So that's about the theory, uh, how to configure Databricks, how to work with the Databricks. So let me give you a quick demo so you understand the mechanics of, uh, Databricks repo working. And learn to use the Databricks repo. So let's go to my workspace and I'll give you a demo. So here I am in my Databricks. Um, uh, workspace. Uh, the idea is that I'm working on a project, and my project, uh, repository is created using some source control system. Basically, Databricks supports, uh, git based source control system. So you can use GitHub, you can use git enterprise, you can use Azure DevOps repos. You can use Bitbucket, you can use GitLab. There are 4 or 5 systems that are supported by Databricks. Uh, but you have to have a repository. Right. So let me go to my GitHub and give you a demo using GitHub. Um, here a same way it works with the git enterprise also. And in the project we will be using Azure DevOps repos. So you understand working with at least two uh, repositories or source control systems. But things work pretty much same because all these are based on the open source git implementation. Right. So let me go to my, uh, GitHub account. I'll be using GitHub for this, um, demo and learning. So that's my GitHub account. I have so many repositories here. But the first thing is to connect my GitHub account with my Databricks workspace, right? So my workspace I should be able to log in to my, uh, source control system or connect with my source control system from my Databricks workspace. For that, I'll need to get some credentials. So the easiest approach is to get access token. So let me go to my account settings in the GitHub. And maybe at the bottom you will see developer settings. And from here you can create personal access token. So come to Personal access token. Nowadays GitHub is giving fine grained access token or the old classic token. Let's go with the classic token. All we need is one access token. So generate personal access token. And let's say I want to give a note here my. Test. Token and you can set expiry. Let me set it seven days because I'm just doing the testing and give all the repo related permissions to this personal access token. A lot of other permissions are there. You might not need to grant all but bare minimum is the repo permissions. So I gave the permissions. Come down and generate the token. And here is the token. So I'll copy this token. Once you leave this page you will never see this token one again. So I got my token here. Now let's go to my Databricks workspace. And I want to save that token in my Databricks workspace in my personal user, uh, information so that I can connect to my repository, connect to my source control. So for doing that, come to user settings, right. And in your workspace you will see linked account here. So come to linked account and you can integrate git from here. So we want to link Databricks workspace with my git account. And these are the options that Databricks supports. So you can have GitHub GitHub enterprise Bitbucket cloud Bitbucket Server, Azure DevOps uh GitLab, GitLab enterprise AWS code commit. So these are the different source control systems that are supported by Databricks as on now we want to use open source GitHub. So let's go to the GitHub. And you can link git account with username and password. But we prefer to use access token. So I give the access token here uh provide the username or email. Let me put a username here. So that's my username. Maybe you can find it. Uh, here. This is the username. Uh, so I'm giving that username and put that token here. Uh, simply save and. That's all. Your, uh, workspace is now linked with the, uh, source control, with a password, with the credential. Now, I can work with my project repository. So for that, I need to have a project repository. So let me go back to my, um, let's say. GitHub, uh, account. Uh, I have to have a project repository there. So let's see if I have a repository. So I have this repository called Databricks Course Repository. It's empty. There is nothing yet because we are starting a new project. If it is an existing project, I should have some source code already there. Work by the team. Uh, that is also fine, but let's assume we are starting a new project. So it's a new repository. You can come here and maybe, uh, get this https, uh, link. Uh, we can use this link to clone this repository in my Databricks workspace. So copy this. Uh, we will be needing that, uh, come to Databricks account, you can go back to your home page, come to workspace, and in the workspace you will see this repos folder. So basically we have two folders workspace folder and repos folder. Workspace is local to the workspace. Inside the workspace you have your user home directory. This is my home directory I have some code files here. I'm working on these notebooks. I have a lot of source code here, but all this is local to this workspace. What it means. No one else, uh, can share this, right? Um, unless until they have access to the same workspace. Or if I delete the workspace. If I delete this workspace, all the code is gone. It's not in my control. The idea is to keep your source code in the source control so that multiple people can collaborate on the same, uh, project. And even if you delete your development workspace, your code is still with you in the source control, right? So, uh, in a typical case in the project, we will be creating repo. And inside the repo we will connect our repository. Source code repository and create our code files in the repo. So let's connect uh repository come to repos. Your repo user folder is currently not visible because you haven't created a repo yet. Your repos user folder will be visible once you add a repo. So let's add a repo. Uh, maybe you can even add a directory. And then inside that directory you can add a repo. If you have multiple project you are working on multiple project you can create one project directory and uh add a repo in that project directory. Or uh, you create multiple folders. And for each folder you can have a different repository connected. So let's create a folder, let's say uh. Data breaks. Course folder. Uh, I created this Databricks course folder, and inside the course folder I can add a repo. I can connect a repository source control repository with this folder. So click the repo button and it will allow you to clone the repository. So provide the git repository URL. Um let's paste the URL that we copied from here. Right. This is the URL. Uh copy it. It will automatically detect what is the git provider. It's GitHub because we are giving a URL for github.com and then choose the repository name. This should be also automatically picked up because your repository name is also part of the URL. So this is done. And then you have a sparse checkout mode option. So toggle the ability to clone only a specific subdirectory of your project. So maybe if your project has multiple directories you can enable the sparse checkout mode and checkout or clone only one directory. But we have a new repo. Usually we clone the entire project. So that's it. Just create the repo creating repo in background and done. Now you can see the repo here in this folder. Proper name is also Databricks course because that's what I gave. So you have the repository here you have readme file one Readme file here. So you can see in your repository only one Readme file is there. So now you are connected with the repo. Once you have the repo connected and it connected because I already had access credentials saved. Uh, access token saved, uh, in my user settings. Right. So that's all. Once you have the repo, it this is your folder. This is your work folder or project folder, you will. You can create new notebooks. Let's say I want to create a new notebook in this folder or in this repository. Uh, default notebook, let's say call it uh uh, setup notebook or maybe give a number like zero. Um, 01. setup. Uh, now that becomes my setup notebook. Should refresh. Uh, it's taking some time. And let's say I want to write some code and let's say. I'm saying set up notebook and this notebook will have. Set up a script for my. Project. And that's all this is the code I have written. Maybe I'll write more code. This is there. Now what the next activity is. You might want to commit this. Let's say you are done with the development. You want to commit it in your repository. How do you do that. So you can see a link here right. It's currently working in the main branch. And once you are in the repository folder um you will see this link. Uh, let's say I'm going back in the workspace folder and come to my, um. Notebook, which is chapter four notebook. Let's say magic command. Once I'm in this notebook, you won't see that, um, branch folder, right? Uh, but if you. So if you come back to your repository, um, come back to your repos folder, Databricks course, and you will start seeing this main branch from here itself. So go inside on the notebook notebook. Also start showing which branch you are currently working so you can activate your repository interface from here. So hit the main branch and you will see a UI like this. And this is the UI which allows you to do all the repository actions. So I am in the main branch. I have created this um notebook here. Uh, let's say I want to commit this. I'll simply write and. Initial commit. Comment here. Commit and push. Right. Or if I want to change the branch, I can change the branch. But as of now we have only main branch. So if I want to create a branch, let's say I want to create a new branch based on the main branch, let's call it my, um. My feature, right? Let's call it my feature branch and create that branch so I can create a new branch from here. And once new branch is created, I am into the new branch. Right? And let's say I want to commit this into the new branch. So let's commit it. Uh, successfully committed and pushed changes to my feature branch. I'm still in the my feature branch. Close it. And now it will show me my feature branch. Right. And in the my feature branch, I have this setup notebook which I created. It's committed in the my feature branch. You want to switch the branch again. You can come here go to Main branch and okay this notebook has been deleted. Why? Because that notebook was not there in the main branch. So I switched to main branch. Uh, and then come to my repos. Uh, this repo only readme is there. Why? Because the notebook that I created, I committed it into the feature branch. So I have to be in the feature branch for, um, accessing, uh, this, that notebook so I can switch it again. Let's say I want to work in the feature branch switch. The feature branch, and it will. Check out this feature branch and I can see here. So that's how you work with the repository. The idea is you will connect your repository, your project repository and then start working on your project. You you can start making changes to existing notebooks and source code, create new notebooks or files or folders, whatever you want. And then, uh, commit your changes to your branch. If you are done, then you will go to your source control and merge your feature branch into your release branch or main branch or whatever branch you want to merge. So I hope you know how source control system works. Uh, only thing that we wanted to learn here is how to use a source control system from Databricks Workspace using Databricks Repos. So that's all, uh, about the Databricks repos. We will be learning little more about repos and using it in the capstone project, and you will have an opportunity to learn things with the proper example there. Once again, I'll see you in the next lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.