Welcome back. In this lecture I'll talk about the Databricks CLI. So let's start with a simple question. What is Databricks CLI? The Databricks CLI is a command line tool to automate the Databricks platform from your terminal. The CLI wraps the Databricks Rest API. What does it mean? The CLI internally uses the Rest API, giving you an alternative approach for automation from the command line. Let us try to understand it with an example. In the earlier lecture, we created a Python program to automate the deployment of workflow jobs. But that was a Python program, correct? Can we write a shell script for doing the same? Shell scripts are more convenient sometimes. Many of us prefer to write shell scripts for automation. Can we do automation using shell scripts? Yes, we can do. Databricks CLI offers this capability. How? Let's try it. We created a workflow job in an earlier lecture, and I created a Python program to deploy the job. Let me write a shell script for doing the same. Open your favorite editor. I prefer using VS code for writing shell script, so let me open vs code. Go to the file menu and create a new file. Give a name for your file. Hit the create new file link. Choose the file location. I'll keep it on my desktop. Now start typing the code. So what do I want to do? I want to run the Databricks jobs. Create command. The Databricks is the CLI. The jobs is the command name. The create is the job subcommand. And this command will create a job in the Databricks workspace. But for creating a job we need to provide the job definition. You can do that using the minus minus Json option. We already copied the Json definition of the job in an earlier lecture. So let me paste the Json here. Put a single quote. Paste the Json and close the single quote. That is all. But we also want to take the response back and extract the job ID from the response. You can do that using the JQ command. The JQ command is a Linux tool to work with Json messages. So let me pipe the output to the jq and extract the job ID. That is all. This simple code will deploy the workflow job in the Databricks workspace. What is next? Well, I can print this success message and the job ID. Let's do it. Then. That's all. Do you want to test it? Let's do it. I need a Linux machine to test this script. That's easy to get. Go to your Databricks workspace. Go to the compute menu and create a single node cluster. Remove the photon acceleration and save some cost. Great. Let's wait for the cluster. But why am I creating a cluster? I need a Linux machine to run my shell script. That's why I'm creating a single node cluster. The Databricks cluster also runs on a Linux machine, so I'll create a cluster and log in to the cluster machine that gives me a Linux machine to test my script. Tricky, isn't it? My cluster has started. Go to apps tab. Now click the web terminal. If your web terminal is disabled, you can enable it from admin settings. Databricks gives you a web terminal to log in to your driver node, and we will use that to test our shell scripts. Great. So I have the web terminal now. It is an Ubuntu Linux machine. The first step is to install Databricks CLI on your machine. You can do that using the pip install command. Let me run it. Then run Databricks minus minus version to check if the CLI works. We got the output. So we now have the Databricks client installed on my machine. The second step is to set up the CLI credentials to connect to the target environment. Here is the command to set up credentials. This command will ask you for the target Databricks environment and an access token. Make sure you have it ready. I already copied both and kept it safe. So I have the information. Now let me run the command. Pace the Databricks Workspace URL. Press enter and paste the token. It won't show the token here, so do not worry and press the enter. That's all. We configured the CLI. Now I can connect to the Databricks workflow and execute the shell script. But we are also using the JC command in our shell script. So let me install JC also. Done. Press Ctrl L to clear the screen. Now let me create a shell script here. I can upload my shell script to Dbfs and execute it from the dbfs location, but let me create the script here for simplicity. Open a new file in the VI editor. Now press I from your keyboard and switch to edit mode. You can see the insert at the bottom. Correct. So I am in edit mode. Now I can paste the shell script here. That's all. Press escape from your keyboard to go back to the command mode. Now type colon wq command to save the file. That's all. We created the shell script. Now run the LHL. Deploy such command to check the file permissions. Okay, so I do not have execute permissions on this file. Let me run this chmod command to add execute permissions. Now I should have the execute permission. Let me run it. At work and I can see the success message and job ID. You will also see a warning to upgrade to CLI 2.1 version. Databricks is migrating the CLI to a newer version. The installation steps for the newer version are different. However, the CLI commands are the same and they work in the same way. The new version is not fully functional yet, so I am using the older one, but that doesn't make much difference. Great, so we learn to use Databricks CLI for creating an automation script. This one is a tiny example. The CLI has a lot to offer. Let me take you to the CLI. Documentation. This is the Databricks CLI documentation for the older version. The documentation for the new version is not yet fully updated, so I am still using the old version documentation. You can scroll to the bottom of the page and see a list of all the CLI commands. So we have CLI commands for a lot of things. The newer version of the CLI is expected to cover many other areas. I used the job CLI in this example, so let me jump to the job CLI. Scroll down and you can see the Create Job command details. The Databricks jobs create command takes Json job definition. You can give a Json file or you can give inline Json. I used inline Json in my example. Scroll down and you can see a command for deleting a job. List information about a job list, all jobs and many other things. The point is, straight Databricks CLI allows you to automate your project work using the command line. You can explore the documentation to find appropriate commands as you need to do something for your project. I hope you learned Databricks CLI. That's all for this lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.