Welcome to a new section of the course. In this section of the course we'll talk about Spark Structured Streaming. Again, Spark structured streaming is a vast topic, but the certification exam only expects you to know the fundamentals. So we'll just focus on those topics which are required for the certification exam in this section of the course. As we saw in the earlier lessons in traditional batch processing, the data is collected over a period of time, for example, days, weeks, etc. and then processed in bulk at scheduled intervals. Even though batch processing is easy to understand and simple to implement, it has some limitations when dealing with real time data. Firstly, because the data is collected over a long period of time and processed in a batch, the insights from the data are delayed. For example, business users will have to wait for a day or a week to receive the reports that help them make the business decisions. Also, many modern applications such as IoT devices, online transactions, etc. generate continuous stream of data that may be required for real time decision making, such as fraud prevention, product recommendation, etc.. Having a batch process in these circumstances is not really suitable as opposed to batch processing. Stream processing allows us to process the data continuously as it arrives. This enables us to build applications to help with various real time analytical solutions. Examples of such applications include a real time fraud detection application which help identify a credit card transaction. Fraud as it happens, a live monitoring system that's using IoT sensor data and, for example, an instant product recommendation based on customers recent interests and choices. Spark offers structured streaming to help implement these kind of real time applications. Spark Structured Streaming is a scalable, fault tolerant stream processing engine built on top of Apache Spark. Structured streaming provides a reader and writer APIs, which are very similar to the batch APIs that we've already seen, and this makes it easier to work with Spark Structured streaming. You can also use a data frame and dataset APIs that you use to transform batch data. So with a couple of small changes, you can make a batch application into a streaming application. Internally, spark processes the data in a small fast batch is called micro batches. It also offers exactly once guarantees. This ensures that there are no duplicate or missing data when writing data to sinks and spark. Structured streaming offers built in fault tolerance using checkpointing and write ahead logs for reliability, and also it can handle large scale streaming workloads efficiently. And finally, it supports various sources and sinks. For example, we can read data from cloud files, message buses, sockets, etc. and also write data to cloud files, databases, delta Lake, message buses and more. Now that we understand structured streaming capabilities, let's take a look at what a data stream is and how Spark Structured streaming makes it easier to work with the data stream. A stream is a continuous and unbounded flow of data that's generated over time. Unlike batch data, which is finite and processed at fixed intervals, a stream represents data that keeps arriving continuously. For example, weather data from an IoT sensor or livestock prices from London Stock Exchange, which updates every second or continuous streams of data. Spark Structured Streaming treats a data stream as a continuously growing table, where the new data keeps arriving and getting appended over time. Instead of processing a static data set like in batch processing, spark maintains an ongoing logical table that is appended with new data as they are received. Seeing a stream of data as an unbounded table like this helps us visualize the data and treat it similar to batch processing. For example, you simply have to imagine a streaming source as a table which grows continuously, and you read the data incrementally as it happens. This makes it a lot easier to work with streaming data. Let's now see how does spark streaming work under the hood? First, it reads the data from a streaming source. Structured streaming supports reading from a variety of sources, ranging from message buses, examples of which are Kafka, Eventhub, and cloud files such as AWS, S3, ADLs, Gen two, etc., Delta tables and some other CDC sources, and also sockets and read sources. But please note that sockets and read sources are used just for testing purposes. Then the data read can be processed incrementally using spark transformations to transform the data as required. The data can then be returned to a variety of things. Again, the supported things range from message queues such as Kafka and Event Hub, cloud files such as AWS, S3, Google Cloud Storage and ADLs, Gen two, etc. and Delta tables and some databases via JDBC and also console. Again, the console here is just used for testing purposes. All of this may look very similar to batch processing, but structured streaming also keeps track of the process via checkpointing. And this is what provides fault tolerance and reliability when you're working with Spark Structured streaming. We'll look at how checkpointing works in a later lesson, but I hope you now have a good understanding about Spark Structured Streaming. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.