Welcome back. Now that we have an understanding about the logical structure of the Spark structured streaming programs, let's take a look at the APIs which help implement this and look to write a simple program. As I said, we're going to look at checkpointing later. So let's focus on the rest. We can use the Data Stream reader API to read input stream from an external data source, such as Kafka, cloud Files, etc. spark provides the read stream method, which can be used to access the data Stream reader API. An example PySpark code looks like this. In this example, we're using cloud files as the source and we are streaming the files arriving in the container called customers underscore stream. As you can see, we are calling the method Read stream via Spark session to read the data from the customers underscore stream container. We can also provide the format and the schema of the data being read. And most importantly, the read stream method returns a streaming data frame which contains the data being read in that micro-batch. Now we can use the data frame API on this data frame to apply the transformations. Most of the common methods available for batch processing are also available for stream processing. There are some operations which are not supported due to the continuous and unbounded nature of the streaming data. Mainly, these operations are the ones which require the full data set rather than just the data from that micro-batch. These are things like order by aggregations, etc.. Having said that, structured streaming enables techniques such as watermarking and windowing to handle these kind of scenarios, but there are advanced concepts and not required for the data engineer associate certification. So we won't cover them here, but we'll look at some of the simple transformations. Here is an example of the PySpark code, which does simple transformations to add two additional columns. The file path and the ingestion date to our source data frame. And finally spark offers s Data Stream Writer API to write the data to the sink. You can use the write stream method to invoke the Data Stream Writer API. Here is an example of the write stream method to write the transformed data to a sink. In this example, we write in the transform data to a delta lake sink. Also, you may notice that here we've given the location of where the checkpoint files are to be written. Spark will write the write ahead log and other checkpoint logs to this location. Without these, spark will not be able to offer fault tolerance and reliability. There are also a couple of other important options such as output mode, trigger, etc. that you can specify in the write stream method, but we'll look at them in the next lesson. Let's now switch over to the Databricks workspace and develop this application that reads the customers file and streams to the Delta Lake table. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. And as you can see here I've created a new notebook called Ingest Customer Stream in a new folder called ETL with Apache Spark Streaming. And this is the notebook that we are going to use to stream the customers data from the cloud storage into Delta Lake. And as we discussed, it involves three steps. The first one is to read the files from the cloud storage using Spark Structured Streaming. For that, we'll be using the Data Stream Reader API. And then we need to transform the data using the Data Frame API and add the two new columns we've listed here. And then we'll write the transform data into Delta Lake again using Spark Structured Streaming. For that we'll be using the Data Stream Writer API. But before we start writing any code, let's go and set up the data source for us. So as we discussed the data source is Cloud storage folder. And we'll call that folder as customer underscore stream. So let me go over to Azure Portal. And we are going to use the same folder structure that we've been using for the Gizmo Box project. So under Gizmo Box Landing Operational Data, I'm going to create another folder called Customer Stream. And we're going to have the customer data arriving there. But this time the data is going to be streamed. So we'll get one file at a time and we'll have to process that data. So let me add directory. And as I said let me upload just one file for now and we'll add more files later. So I have uploaded the file from October 2024. You'll be familiar with this file. It's exactly the same file that we've been using for batch processing. And as you can see, it's a JSON file with 20 records, and it's a simple JSON structure with a few columns. So let me now go over to the Databricks workspace and start writing the code. The first thing we want to do is to read the files which are arriving in our cloud storage using the Data Stream Reader API. As we saw in the presentation, we can invoke the Data Stream Reader API using the read stream method on the spark session. So let's do that. And we need to also specify the format of the files. And we know that the format of our files is JSON. So let me specify that. And the next thing we want to specify is the schema. And unlike batch processing where spark can infer schema automatically in structured streaming, schema inference is disabled by default. This is mainly to improve performance and to avoid any inconsistencies when reading continuously arriving data. So we need to specify the schema upfront here. And we read the data based on the schema. So let me define the schema. I've got the code here already. And as you can see I've defined the schema using the struct type and the struct fields. And the customer id is the integer, customer name is string, date of birth is date, etc. so this is the structure of our JSON. And let me use this variable in my schema method here. And also we need to tell read stream where our data is. So we can do that using the load method here. And our data is in our volume unit log volume. So let me go over to catalog and just get the path from there. So that's under gizmo box under landing and operational data is our volume. And this is the new folder that we created to keep our streaming data. So let me just get the path from there. So that's the path where our files arrive. And as we discussed the read stream method or the data stream read API returns a data frame. So let's assign this to a data frame. I'm going to call that as customers underscore DF and I'm going I'm also going to use brackets here because our code is written over multiple lines. So that's everything we needed to do in order to read our data from the cloud storage. So let me execute these two statements here. As you can see, we've created a new data frame called customers DF with the schema that we specified. The next thing we want to do is to transform this data frame to add two new columns file path and ingestion date. For simple transformations like this, there is no difference between working with spark structured streaming and batch processing, and we can simply use the data Frame API to add these two new columns. And as I said, there is no difference between spark structured streaming and batch processing for that. So let's add the new columns. As you probably know, we can use the width column method to add new columns to a data frame. So let's do that. And the first column we want to add is file path. Let's add that first. And as you may remember from previous lessons we can use the underscore metadata attribute to get the file path. So that's what we're going to do. So that'll be call. And then we're going to say underscore metadata dot file path. And that should give the file path for us. And we got one more column to add. And the other column we wanted to add is ingestion date. Let me add that as well. And we can assign the current timestamp to this one. And let's assign the output of this to another data frame. I'm going to call that as customer transformed df. And also because we're using two functions here call and current timestamp. We'll have to import those functions. So let me do that here. And with that we have created the customers transformed DF. I'm simply going to execute this statement just to make sure everything is okay. And we've created the customer transformed DF with the two new columns file path and Ingestion date. Last thing we want to do is to write the transform data to a Delta Lake table using the Data Stream Writer API. As we saw in the presentation, we can use the write stream method to invoke the Data Stream Writer API. And that's what we're going to do here. So it will be data frame dot write stream method. And we need to specify a few other options like the read stream API. And that will be the format. Format as we know is delta in this case. And we also need to specify a checkpoint location. And the checkpoint location has to be a unique location. You can't share the same checkpoint checkpoint location between two streams, so make sure that you specify a unique location. So I'm going to add the option here. And I'm going to place the checkpoint under the volume that we created here. And let's put it under the customers stream folder. And I'm going to give it a unique name here. So that'll be underscore checkpoint underscore stream. And that's where our our checkpoint is going to be written. We're going to look at that in detail a little bit later in another lesson. But let's carry on for now. And we need to specify the location of our target which is our table. So we can use the two table method for that. And I'm going to write the data into the catalog gizmo box. And under that we're going to write the data under the bronze schema. So let's give that here. And let's call the table as customers underscore stream as well. And that's everything we needed to do. And the right. Stream method returns a streaming query. So let me assign that to a streaming query. Variable here. And let's now execute this statement. As you can see, the streaming job is now running. Unlike a batch query, a streaming query doesn't stop. You will have to manually stop the query, or you need to specify certain parameters to say, I just want you to run once and then stop. We'll look at those parameters later, but at the moment it's going to be running forever. You will have to manually stop it, so please remember to stop it at the end of this lesson, otherwise your clusters won't stop. You know? We specify the auto termination on the clusters, and the auto termination only kicks in when there is no activity in the cluster for a certain period of time, but in this case, the streaming query is going to be running forever, so you want to manually run it. I'll also show you how to stop the streaming query using the commands as well. So let's let's take a look at the stats here. As you can see, we had some data at the beginning of the streaming query. And it's processed that and we got batch durations as well. If there are any new files arriving then you will again see a spike in the graphs here. But the best way of checking whether the query has worked or whether the notebook has worked and written the data, you can simply query the table to see the data. Let me do that. And as you can see here, we've written 20 records to this table. The query here, the select statement itself is not running as a streaming query, but the write statement or the write stream statement here is running as a streaming query. So remember that. So you have to terminate that streaming query at the end of this lesson. So let's add another file just to see whether that file gets picked up and how many records are returned. Because we expect spark structured streaming to take the data incrementally and just load the new data. So let me go to my Azure portal. I'm going to add one more file. And let's add the November 2024 file. And if I go back to my notebook, you will be able to see a spike quite soon. And that will take the new data. As you can see, we've got a spike here at the end of the line. It took a while for us, so at the end of the line we got a spike and that's added the new data. So if I query the table I'll see some more data in the table. And as you can see we've got 35 records now. And let me add the other two files as well. And let's go over to upload. And again as you can see we've got another spike here. We've added more data because it's two new files. And if I query the table I'm going to see all the data. And as you know we had 62 records in total between the four files and that's what's being added. So every time it only picked up the new files that's arrived and loaded that, and it didn't take the files which are already set there. So when it processed the first file, it checkpointed to say that actually uploaded the first file. I'm not going to look at that again, and it took only the new file. Let me show you where the checkpoints return. But as I said, we're going to look at that in detail a bit later. So we created the checkpoint in the customers underscore stream folder. And as you can see we it's created a new folder called underscore checkpoint underscore stream. And you will see a few files here which are as I said we got a write ahead logs and also metadata and commits and things like that. So these files are used to guarantee fault tolerance tolerance and processed exactly once guarantees as well. And let's now go back to our notebook and let me show you how to stop the stream so that you're not being charged unnecessarily. You can simply click on the interrupt button to. Interrupt the stream if you wanted, or also because we got variable with the streaming query, you can simply, uh, apply the stop method on the streaming query. Let me do that. So it will be streaming query dot stop. And that's going to stop uh, that particular stream. So let me invoke that and that'll stop the stream. And it should now stop. As you can see the stream streaming query is now stopped. So as I said, please make sure that you're stopping your streaming query. Otherwise you could be unnecessarily charged. And if you're unsure about that, please go over to the cluster and simply click on terminate on the cluster and click confirm to terminate the cluster. And when you terminate a cluster, that will stop all the queries that are running on the cluster as well. And that's the end of this lesson. I hope you have a good understanding about how to use Spark Structured Streaming to incrementally ingest the data, and I'll see you in the next lesson.