Welcome back. In this lesson, we'll look at two important options that you can define on the write stream method to control the behavior of the microbatches. The first one is called trigger, which helps define the frequency of the microbatches, and the other one is called the output mode, which controls how the process data is returned to the sink. But let's understand the spark structured streaming processing modes first. Spark Structured Streaming supports two processing modes. The first one is the micro batch processing mode. In this mode, spark collects the data from the source at small intervals and processes that data as a batch, which is referred to as a micro batch. Once a micro batch completes, it again collects the data for the next batch and the cycle continues. This is the default behavior of spark structured streaming at the moment. The other mode is called the continuous processing mode. In this mode, the data is processed record by record with ultra low latency. This is currently marked as experimental and not suitable for production workloads. It only supports limited syncs and provides lower fault tolerance. As I said, it has experimental status and not recommended for production workloads, so we'll mainly focus on the micro batch processing mode here. You can define an option called trigger on the Data Stream Writer API to invoke the micro batches at a specific interval. Let me go through the options available. The default option is not specifying the trigger at all. That's what we did in the demo during the last lesson. This invokes a micro batch every 500 milliseconds. You can specify a fixed interval on the micro batch using the processing time argument to the trigger method. In this example, a micro batch will be invoked every two minutes. Trigger once is similar to running a batch. Spark starts a micro batch with all the new data available and stops the stream altogether once it's completed. But please note that this is being deprecated at the moment. Instead we should be using the available Now trigger. This also takes all the new data available and stops the stream once processing all of the data. But the difference is that it creates multiple micro-batches to process the data. Due to running multiple micro-batches, it's more efficient and optimized for large workloads compared to the ones trigger, so please use this instead of the ones trigger. Finally, the continuous trigger processes the data continuously as it arrives, but the checkpointing is done at the interval specified to the trigger parameter. As I said, it is in experimental mode, so not recommended for production workloads. Here is an example. As you can see, we have specified the trigger with the processing time as two minutes. So a micro-batch is triggered every two minutes in this example. Finally let me go through the output modes available. Output mode basically controls how the processed data is returned to the sink. This is again a method on the data Stream Writer Streamwriter API. The default is append. Append mode basically writes only the new data that's arrived since the last micro-batch. This is the most efficient mode for real time ingestion. It simply inserts a new data. Having said that, it can't be used for aggregations as spark can't update past results in this mode. Complete mode writes the entire result to the sink every time. This is mainly used when performing aggregations which affect past results. As you can imagine, rewriting the entire table is not efficient, so it's only recommended for writing to console sinks for debugging. Finally, the update mode only writes the rows that have changed since the last micro-batch, so it's more efficient than the complete mode, and it's suitable for aggregations with watermarks. Here is an example. In this example, we are appending the new data that's arrived during this micro-batch. I hope you now have a good understanding about triggers and output modes that you can use with the Data Stream Writer API. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.