Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll explain how checkpointing works at a high level. Checkpointing is a fault tolerance mechanism in spark structured streaming that allows a query to recover from failures and resume processing from where it left off, without data loss or duplication. You've already seen how to specify a checkpoint location. This location is used to store metadata about streaming, query the execution plan, and also tracks processed data, offsets, and committed results. Within the checkpoint folder, you will see files or folders such as metadata sources, offsets, commit, log state, etc. please note that you can't specify the same checkpoint location for multiple streams, and it has to be a unique to avoid any confusion when a Micro-batch starts, the read phase writes the offset in the checkpoint directory. This is called the offset log. Offset log is basically a write ahead log, recording the offsets of the current batch before the execution of the batch. When the batch completes, the write process also writes the commit log with the offsets. These are the two logs used to provide fault tolerance, mainly when a new batch starts. Spark first reads the offset log to get the start and the end offset of the previous batch. As we said, it's a write ahead log which is written at the beginning of the batch, so there is no guarantee that the data from the batch was successfully processed. In order to find that, spark then reads the commit log. If the batch ID is in the offset log matches with the commit log, then that indicates that the previous batch succeeded. Spark starts reading the new data from the end offset of the previous batch. On the other hand, if the batch ID is from the offset log and the commit log don't match, that indicates that the previous batch didn't succeed, so it will reread the data from the start offset of the previous batch. This is how spark uses the write ahead logs and checkpointing to restart from the last committed batch in case of failures and provides fault tolerance. Also, as we know, Spark Structured Streaming offers exactly once guarantees idempotent things. Allow spark to write the same data multiple times to the sync without causing duplicates. So in case if a batch is processed again, the sync ignores the duplicates once, only some syncs are idempotent. Examples of this are Delta, Lake, Kafka, etc. if you are working with a non idempotent saying, you will have to manually handle duplications. In summary, write ahead logs and checkpointing helps provide fault tolerance and idempotent syncs. Enables exactly once guarantees. So I hope you now have a good understanding about how spark structured streaming offers fault tolerance and exactly once guarantees. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.