Hello, and welcome to this lecture. In this lecture, we are going to see the first option for VPC private connectivity, that is VPC peering. VPC peering is the simplest option, I would say, where you just set the peering and then two VPCs can communicate to each other over a private network. And that's the simplest option you can look at to start with but then you need to understand when it is appropriate to use VPC peering and when you would use another option. So let's take an example. Suppose there are two VPCs, VPC A and B, and as I explained earlier, suppose instance in VPC A wants to talk to instance in VPC B and both these instances are private instances. Then the only option you have is to set up some kind of private connectivity between these two VPCs. That means the traffic should not flow over the internet. So far that the option is of course, VPC peering connection. What does it mean? You connect these two VPCs over a private network, which is completely managed by AWS. And when the traffic flows through it, it is over the AWS managed backbone network. That means it is not flowing or through internet. So what does VPC peering mean? It connects two VPCs privately using AWS' network. As I just said, it makes them behave as if they were part of the same network. So that means any C2 machine from VPC A can talk to any C2 machine in the VPC B and the vice versa. Now peered VPC can be in same AWS region or across AWS regions. Now, when AWS introduced VPC peering for the first time at that moment, it was possible only within the same AWS region. So VPCs need to be in the same region, but later, now it has been extended in a way such that even if you have VPC across different AWS region, you can make this VPC peering. So this is a great simplification for the network earlier, if that was a requirement, you had to set up a VPN connection between easy to machine and other VPC network. But with the VPC peering, even if your instances are across regions, you can connect them. Now, you can also do VPC peering with another AWS account. And that's a common requirement. Understand that mostly when you use VPC peering, it's possible that the other VPC owner is not you, maybe you are consuming some services from your service provider, or you are providing services to your customers. In both these cases, the VPC owners are different, right? But then VPC peering can be set up across AWS account. And as we just understood, also across AWS regions. So few things you need to understand while you set up the VPC peering. First thing is that the lead pieces that you connect should not be having the overlapping CIDRs. What that means? The address range of VPC should not overlap. And that's obvious because then you can take a routing decision if both the VPC have a similar address range. So it should be non-overlapping. That means if one VPC uses say 10.10.00/16, that another VPC cannot have the same address range. It needs to be different. And while you set up the VPC peering connection, you have to make sure that you update the route tables in both the VPCs so that the traffic can go through the VPC peering connection. And this will be evident when we'll actually see at the demo and you will also be able to do the exercise based on that. Okay, with that we will now get into the demo in the next lecture. So as of now, this is the basic understanding with which we'll move forward. Thanks for watching.