Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now let's look at some of the limitations with VPC peering, and then some certain cases in which VPC peering connection won't work. And let's understand that. So VPC peering should not have the overlapping CIDR between two VPCs. That's what we also saw. So if two VPCs have the same CIDR as shown here, it won't work. In fact, if another VPC has a subset of this CIDR, then also, it won't work because ultimately they are overlapping CIDR. So even if the prefix here would have been 24, it wouldn't have worked. So this does not work. Second, the VPC peering connection is non transitive. What that means? If you have a peer in connection from VPC A to B and from B to C, that does not make the traffic flowing through A to C, it cannot go like this and here, right? So VPC A and VPC C still cannot communicate. It's non transitive peering connection. Third, you cannot, you can set up only one VPC peering connection between any two VPCs. So between this A and B, there is only one peering connection. You might think, maybe for high availability or for more bandwidth, you have to set up multiple peering connection, but it is not required and you cannot even do that. So this is not possible. For the maximum connection that you can have per VPC is 125. So if more than 125 VPCs you want to connect to the, any of the VPCs, you cannot. So you need to remember this so that in the exam, you can select the right answer based on that. Now let's look at some of the invalid scenarios when you use a VPC peering connection. And let me explain what I mean by that. So VPC peering, invalid scenarios like VPN or DX. What it means is, suppose you have VPC A and VPC B and connected through a VPC peering connection. And suppose we VPC is now connected to on-premise network over a VPN or a direct connect. Now, in this case, what you would expect probably from VPC A, I can reach to the machine in this corporate data center or the other way around, but it does not work. That means the traffic cannot go from VPC A to the corporate data center. That's for the same reason that VPC peering connections are non transitive. That means the traffic should end into the VPC B EC2 instance over network interface, only. It cannot go beyond that. There are certain workarounds to do that, like using proxy and all, but with a simple setup like this, it won't work. Second, VPC peering connection cannot also get you to the internet gateway from another VPC. Now, what do I mean? Again, VPC A is connected to VPC B through peering connection, and suppose VPC B has an internet gateway. Then one would think that this VPC does not have internet gateway then can I use the internet gateway of VPC B. Because I'm already connected to the VPC B, but again, this is not a valid scenario. You can't have this connectivity. And same goes for even the NAT gateway. In VPC B If you have the NAT gateway, then also from VPC A through peering connection, you cannot reach to the internet via that NAT gateway. So understand that because then in the exam, you will know, given this situation, you cannot use VPC peering as an option here. Okay, one more thing to remember if the VCB B has a VPC endpoint, and we will learn shortly in the next lecture, what does endpoint mean. But essentially, endpoints are having the private connectivity between your VPC and AWS services like S3 and DynamoDb that I've shown you. So without having the internet, you can reach to this service in the same AWS region. So if you have VPC endpoint point created in VPC B, you can still reach to those end points and you can't access S3 or DynamoDb from VPC A through the VPC peering connection. So even this connection is not possible. So just to summarize, a VPC peering connection cannot be established If there are overlapping CIDR connection between VPCs, then VPC peering connections are non transitive. That means VPC connection from A to B and B to C does not mean you can go from A to C and then these are a few invalid scenarios where you can't reach to internet gateway or NAT gateway or VPC endpoint in the peered VPC from your original VPC. And these are important to understand for your exam. So that's it for this lecture. Thank you.