Okay, so let's talk about a new service that I really like and that does come up in the exam now. It is called EC2 Image Builder. It is used to automate the creation of virtual machines or container images. Quickly, what does that mean for the exam? That means that you're gonna be able with EC2 Image Builder to automate the creation, maintain, validate and test AMIs for EC2 instances. So let's have a look at diagram to see how that works in detail. So we have the EC2 Image Builder service and it is automatically, when it's going to run, it is going to create an EC2 instance called a Builder EC2 instance, and that EC2 instance is going to build components and customize the software, for example, install Java, update the CLI, update the software system, maybe install firewalls, whatever you define to happen on that EC2 instance, maybe install your application. And then once this is done, then an AMI is going to be created out of that EC2 instance, but all of this is obviously automated. Then the AMI is created, but we want to validate it. So EC2 Image Builder will automatically create a test EC2 instance from that AMI and going to run a bunch of tests that you are defining in advance. And if you don't wanna run any tests, obviously you can just skip that test, but the test can be asking, is the AMI working, is it secure? Is my application running correctly? All these kinds of things. And then once the AMI is tested, then the AMI is going to be distributed. So while EC2 Image Builder is original service, it is possible for you to take that AMI and distribute it to multiple regions, therefor allowing your application and your workflow to be truly global. Next, EC2 Image Builder can be run on a schedule. So you can define a weekly schedule or you can say you can run whenever packages are updated or you can run it manually, et cetera, et cetera. And it is a free service, so you're only going to pay for the underlying resources. What does that mean? Well, that means that if you create an EC2 instance during this process and EC2 Image Builder will create these EC2 instances, then you're going to pay for these EC2 instances and when the AMI is created and distributed, you're going to pay for the storage of that AMI wherever it has been created and wherever it has been distributed, but that should make sense, right? So I will see you in the next lecture.