So once your model is deployed and you want to survey to users, it's important to have good machine learning governance. For this, we have several tools available to us on SageMaker. The first one is SageMaker Model Cards. This is a way for you to gather the essential model information in one place. For example, you may want to document what are the intended uses, what is the risk rating of your model, and how was your model trained with all the details. You also have Model Dashboard. This is where you can see all your models in SageMaker. So it's a centralized repository for all your machine learning models. And you're going to get information and insights again for all these models on the risk rating, model quality, data quality and so on. It's a very good dashboard. And finally, we have SageMaker Role Manager. This is where we define permissions and roles for personas. For example, say you have data scientists in your company, or MLOps engineers or data engineers, whatever you want, you're going to define roles and permissions within SageMaker, thanks to SageMaker Role Manager, and this is how you have proper governance in SageMaker. So let's do a little deep dive on Model Dashboard. So it looks like this, and this is a centralized portal where you can view, search and explore all of your models. For example, you can track which models are being deployed and used actually for inference. So which one are actually serving your users. This can be accessed from the SageMaker console directly. And on top of it, because you have some level of monitoring on top of it, you can find models that violate thresholds you set for data quality, model quality, bias or expandability, and allowing you to take very quick actions on these models. Which brings me into model monitor. So how do we get these alerts? Well, we have model monitor on a per model level. So once we have deployed a model in production, we can set up a model monitor to have a look at the quality of it, either continuously, so all the time or on schedule once every whatever, day, week and so on. And in case there is deviation in the model quality, then we're going to get an alert. And if you get that alert, it's up to us to iterate on it. So we're going to either fix the data or retrain the model to recalibrate it and make sure the quality is up to our standard. For example, say you've created a loan model, but six months down the road, it starts giving load to people who don't have the correct credit score. There's a drift in your model. Then this is something that could be set up on model monitor and could be cut ahead of time. Next, we have the SageMaker Model Registry. So it looks like this. And as the name indicates, it's a way to have a centralized repository that will allow you to track, manage and version machine learning models. That means that you're going to have all of them in the catalog and you can change the versions. You can look at the associated metadata with a model. And more importantly, the model registry is very good because if you are submitting a model onto the model registry, there is a way for you to create an approval status. That means that you can have your stewardships or your governance and have someone actually approve a model before it's registered into Model Registry. And also it's going to be very helpful when you start automating model deployments or when you want to share models in your company. On top of it, we also have SageMaker Pipelines. So it looks like this. It's a way for you to create a workflow that will automate the process of building, training and deploying a machine learning model, which is going to be very helpful when you want to do something called MLOps as we'll see later on. So it's the same idea as having a continuous integration and continuous delivery, CI/CD service for machine learning, which if you're not familiar with IT, it means nothing to you, but if you are familiar a little bit with development and delivery, then they should make a lot of sense. So the idea is that you continuously and automatically are going to deploy a model in production. So of course when you start creating a pipeline, because everything is automated, you can easily build, train, test, and deploy hundreds of model automatically. And why do we do this? Well, we get to iterate faster, reduce errors. There is no manual steps and have repeatable mechanisms. So the pipeline has several components and steps and steps are performing a specific task. So we have different step tasks such as processing and as the name indicates is for data processing, such as feature engineering. Training is for training the model. Tuning is for hyper parameter tuning or optimization. AutoML is to automatically train a model. Model is to create or register a SageMaker model. It could be in the Model Registry, of course. ClarifyCheck is to perform stuff with SageMaker Clarify. So you can look for drift checks against the baseline such as data bias, model bias or model explainability. And QualityCheck is to check the data quality against the baseline. So data quality or model quality. And here's the fullest of steps. But from an exam perspective, I guess the model, the step types and names are pretty obvious, but it's good for you to know the order in which you can do them and what they mean as well. So usually processing, training, then tuning, AutoML, model, ClarifyCheck, and QualityCheck. So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.