-: In this video, I'm gonna go over the solutions for the API versions and Deprecations Lab. But the first question, it says, identify the short names of the deployments, replica sets, crime jobs and custom resource definitions. To get the short names we can run a kubectl API dash resources. And here we're just gonna look for all of the four things that they're asking for. So let's take a look at what deployments is. So if we see deployments, we can see the short name is deploy, so we know it's gonna be one of these two. And then if we look for replica sets, we can see if it's right below that. It's RS. And then let's take a look at cron jobs. Cron jobs is gonna be cj. And then finally, custom resource definitions. That's up here. That's gonna be crd. So it's gonna be the first answer right here. What is the patch version in the given Kubernetes API? So the patch version is going to be the last one. This is gonna be the minor version and then that's gonna be the major version. So we want the two. Identify which API group a resource called job is part of. To get that information we can run a kubectl, explain job and then just scroll to the top. And we can see right up here, the first one before the / where it says batch that's going to be the group. And what's after the / is the version. So this is asking for the group. So it's gonna be batch. The next question is asking us what is the preferred version for the authorization .k8.io API group? And to get this information, what I'm going to do is I'm gonna set up a proxy to the kubernetes API. So I'm gonna say kubectl, proxy and then I'll do port 8,001. And then when I do the &amp; symbol this is gonna run this command in the background. And so now we can query the Kubernetes API. And so I can do a curl localhost Port 8,001 /APIs, /authorization .k8.io. And the response back is going to give us a preferred version section. So if we see here, we can see that the version is version 1 for the preferred version. So I'll select that that. All right. And so now we need to enable the V1 Alpha 1 version for the rbac.authorization.k8.io API group on the control plane node. And so to make this change what we're gonna have to do is we're gonna have to modify the kube API server manifest. And before we do that what I want do is I wanna take a backup of that file just in case we make any breaking changes. We can always revert back to the old configuration. And so we're gonna copy the original file which is gonna be located in /etsy /kubernetes, manifest kube API server .yaml. And I'm gonna copy this to /route, and then I'm gonna call this kube API server.yaml.backup. And so the backup should be here. All right. And now I'm gonna open up the original file and then I'm gonna move down to this command section. I'm gonna add something at the bottom of this list. And I'll say dash and then dash dash runtime dash config =rbac .authorization .k8.io /v1alpha1 And I misspelled authorization. We'll save that config. And after we make these changes the kube API server pod is going to get recreated. So we'll give this a few seconds for to recreate that pod. And then we can verify this by running a kubectl get pod namespace kube dash system. And we can see that the API server pod is in a pending state at the moment. So we'll give this as a second. And I think if I check the, and now it's in a running state. Perfect. The next question is asking us to install the kubectl convert plugin on the control plane node. So here, let's go to the documentation to see how to set this up. And if you go to the kubernetes documentation and go under tasks, install tools and then install and set up kubectl. And you just scroll down, there's a section for installing the kubectl convert plugin and it's just gonna be one command here. So this is gonna copy the binary. And I'm just gonna paste that command here. And then after it downloads that, you can see that when we run ls, we can see the kubectl convert binary. And the first thing that we to do is we have to make this an executable so I'm gonna change the permissions. And then I'm gonna move this file into the /user /local bin. And now I can run kubectl, dash convert, dash dash help. And we should see the help page come up. So it was successfully installed. Now the final question, or it's telling us that the ingresss manifest file is already given under /route, and it's called ingresss dash old.yaml. And with the help of the kubectl convert command we need to change the deprecated API version to the networking .k8.io/v1. And then we need to create the resource. So if we take a look at the ingress dash old.yaml and just cat that real quick, we can see that it's using V1 Beta 1 and we need to change it to V1 using the kubectl convert tool. Alright, so to use this tool, we do a kubectl dash convert, and then we pass in the original file which is going to be the ingress dash old, and then we select the output version. And that's going to be networking.k8.io/v1. So we wanna change it to that. And I forget to add the "ING" And it's going to spit out the new configuration. So you can see got change to v1. However, it didn't actually change the original file. So if we wanna copy or direct the output to a new file, we can just run the same command. And then we can redirect it or pipe it to another file. And I'll just call the new file ingress dash new.yaml. And so now we have the new file and now I can just do a kubectl apply dash F, ingress dash new.yaml. And we can run the validation. And that was successful. And that's going to wrap up this lab.