Narrator: Let's now look at the operator framework. So we've talked about creating a custom resource definition or C-R-D and a custom controller that has the logic to work with that C-R-D. And currently, these are separate entities and we have to manually create the C-R-D and the resources using the C-R-D and then we deploy the controller as a pod or a deployment. However, these two entities can be packaged together to be deployed as a single entity using the operator framework. So by deploying the flight operator, it internally creates the custom resource definition and the resources and also deploys the custom controller as a deployment. Now, the operator framework does much more than just deploying these two components. So let's look at a real life use case of an operator and one of the most popular operator is the S-C-D operator. It is used to deploy and manage and S-C-D cluster within Kubernetes, but it has an S-C-D cluster, C-R-D, and a custom controller that watches for the S-C-D cluster resource and deploys S-C-D within the Kubernetes cluster. However, it can do much more such as take a backup of the S-C-D cluster as well as restore a backup to the S-C-D cluster by simply creating a C-R-D. There are additional code in the operator named backup and restore operators that are responsible for performing these additional tasks. So Kubernetes operators do what a human operator typically will do to manage a specific application such as installing it, maintaining it, by taking backups, and restoring backups in case of disasters, fixing any issues that may come across the application, et cetera. All operators are available at the operator hub. You can find operators for many of the popular applications like S-C-D, Myas Fuel, Prometheus, Grafana, Argo C-D, S-T-O. Select any operator to view additional details, and the installation instructions are available on clicking the installed button. Deploying an application is as easy as following the three steps. That's first, installing the operator lifecycle manager, and then installing the operator itself. And that's about it. So that's a high level overview of operators. Now diving deep into operators require its own mini course and we will have that at some point in the future. For now, I do not anticipate any questions on operators itself in the exam. I think the curriculum mentions mostly about C-R-Ds so this lecture on operators is just an add on, right? So thank you so much, and I'll see you in the next one.