So now let's talk about EC2 instance metadata or IMDS. It's a very powerful feature, but not many developers know about it, and this is how C two works as it is. So let's go over it. So the idea is that with these instance metadata service the IMDS, you have C two instances that can learn about themselves without using an IAM Role for that purpose. So they can just talk to a specific URL this 169. 254.169.254 and then they're able to learn about their own metadata. We'll see this in the hands-on in the next lecture. So the idea is that from the metadata you can know the instance name, you can know the public IP the private IP, you can know a lot of things. And also you can retrieve the IAM Role name from the EC2 instance metadata. You can even get some credentials out of it, but you cannot know what IAM policy is attached to the role. So metadata means information about the instance and user data that we've seen before is the launch script of the EC2 instance. So this URL allows us to access both the metadata and the user data. but in this lecture we're looking at the metadata service. So we can practice in next lecture and see what we can do with it. But first, I want to tell you about the two versions of the IMDS service. So IMDSv1, which is the instance metadata data service v1 is accessing the URL directly and everything works out of the box. But with the rollout of Amazon, the next 2023, there is IMDSv2, that's enabled by default and it's a more secure version. And to access the metadata service, you actually need to do two steps. The first one is to get the session token by using a PUT command, and we'll see this in the hand-on, and then from this token, we can call the IMDS URL bypassing in the token as a header; so it's a bit more overhead. AWS did it for security reasons to go from IMDSv1 to a MDSv2, and I will be demoing to you how to use a more complicated version because it's important for you to know how it works. Okay, so that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.