Let us now look at how to set up a Kubernetes cluster and gain access to it. So there are lots of ways to set up and get started with Kubernetes, so we can set it up ourselves from scratch locally on our laptops or virtual machines. Or we could use an existing managed service on a cloud provider, or you can access publicly accessible, uh, playgrounds. So for local systems, solutions like Docker Desktop, minikube and Kube admin are popular tools. Docker desktop is probably the easiest to get started with, and as it has Kubernetes support built in, and then you have minikube, which is a tool used to set up a single instance of Kubernetes in an all in one setup. And kube admin is a tool used to configure Kubernetes in a multi node setup, and we will look more into that later. There are also hosted versions available for setting up Kubernetes in a cloud environment such as GCP, AWS or Azure. And these are one click access. So you just click a button and it provisions an entire Kubernetes cluster for you. And then you gain access to it. And you can just continue to work with it without spending time setting it up. And finally, if you don't have the resources or if you don't want to go through this hassle of setting it all up for yourself as part of your learning process, and you just want an instant access to a Kubernetes cluster just to play with or run some commands and test test it around, then the best option is playgrounds. So one of the playgrounds that are available provided by us is the cloud playgrounds that are accessible at code Cloud.com. I'll also show a little bit of information about that in a bit. Now feel free to choose the one that is right for you. You don't need to go through all of the demos. Pick the ones that best suit your needs based on your time and resources. So just starting with Docker Desktop. So Docker Desktop is a free solution available with Docker. So if you go to the Docker Docker website you have options to download and install Docker on all of these different options that are available here. So you have Docker for Docker Desktop for Mac, both for, um, silicon as well as Intel chips. Similarly, you have Docker Desktop for windows, both for AMD and ARM chips, and then you have the Docker for desktop for Linux. Now once you, uh, set up and install Docker desktop, this is kind of the interface that you're going to see. You'll be able to see all the containers running and their information and a lot of other information. The best part is that it comes with Kubernetes built in. So if you go to settings and to Kubernetes section in the settings, all you need to do is enable Kubernetes from there. And it kind of sets up an instant Kubernetes cluster that you can play around with, uh, in the back end. So very easy to set up and gain access to Kubernetes. The next option I'm going to show is the, uh, code cloud public playgrounds. So, uh, this is built specifically for those who wants to have instant access to the, um, two, a Kubernetes cluster, specifically a historical version of the cluster two. So as you can see here, we currently support up to four historical versions of Kubernetes. So if you want to see if you want to go back to a previous version of Kubernetes cluster and, you know, compare and see features and differences between the clusters in between different versions, then this is a really good option. One click and you get this cloud Kubernetes playground open up in the right in the browser that you can then refer to. So moving on to minikube, which is another easy way to get started with Kubernetes on a local system. So before we head into the demo, it's good to understand how it works. Earlier, we talked about the different components of Kubernetes that make up a control plane and worker nodes such as the API server, etcd key value store controllers and scheduler on the master or the control plane, and then you have the Kubernetes and container runtime on the worker nodes. Now, it would take a lot of time and effort to set up and install all of these various components on different systems, individually, by ourselves, which is why a mini cube bundles all of these different components into a single image, providing us a pre-configured single node Kubernetes cluster so we can get started in a matter of minutes. Now, to make it easier, the whole bundle is packaged into an ISO image and is available online for download. Now you don't have to download it yourself. Minikube provides an executable command line utility that will automatically download the ISO image and deploy it in a virtualization platform such as Oracle VirtualBox or VMware fusion. So you must have a hypervisor installed on your system. So for windows you would use VirtualBox or Hyper-V. And for Linux you use VirtualBox or KVM. And finally, to interact with the Kubernetes cluster, you must have the kubectl Kubernetes command line tool also installed on your machine. So you need three things to get this working. So you must have a hypervisor installed. You have kubectl installed and you have minikube executable installed on your system. Let's check it out.