In this demo, we are going to install a basic Kubernetes cluster using the minikube utility. As part of this beginners course, to keep things simple and easy, we will stick to minikube as our lab solution. We explore additional options of provisioning Kubernetes cluster using the Kube admin tool in the course. As for this course, we just want to stick to the very basics and all the basic operations can be performed on minikube cluster. So we will start at the Kubernetes.io page. Within this website, click on the documentation section and navigate to Tasks and Install Tools section. Now before installing minikube we must install the kubectl utility. It may be called kube control or kubectl or kubectl whatever you prefer. Now you might hear me mix it up at times, so bear with me on that. So the kubectl command line tool is what we will use to manage our Kubernetes resources and our cluster after it is set up using minikube and installing the kubectl utility before installing minikube will allow minikube to configure the kubectl utility to work with the cluster when it provisions it. So the kubectl utility can work with multiple clusters, local or remote clusters at the same time. And there's a small configuration for it. And minikube will automatically take care of that when it starts when it provisions a Kubernetes cluster. But that is if you already have the kubectl utility installed. So that's important. Now our goal is to set up a cluster on our local machine. I'm on Linux ubuntu system. But the same procedure will also work on Windows or Mac operating systems as well. Now all the demos and tools that we have throughout this course will work on all operating systems Linux, Windows or Mac. Okay, you just need to follow the respective installation procedure for your OS. And to start with, I'm going to install the kubectl utility on my Linux system. And we're going to go ahead with the latest version. So just copy and paste the command provided here for downloading the kubectl binary. The binary has now been downloaded. The next step is to make this command executable. So I'm going to use the command chmod plus x to make it executable. And finally we're going to move this to a location within the path usr local bin. Okay. So this way I'll be able to run this kubectl command from anywhere within my system. So let's run the command and you can see that it has installed the 1.8 version. Now what we just saw was a one way of installing a kubectl utility. There are other ways to do it. You can install it using a package. Managers depending upon the type of distribution, the OS distribution that you are on, and the documentation associated with these are available here. So if you scroll down, you'll see that there are instructions for installation on Mac OS, and there should be one for windows as well. So make sure that you use the appropriate link and setup kubectl based on the documentation provided. Now that we have completed the installation of kubectl utility, we can proceed with the installation of minikube. Now the first thing that we have to check, and this goes for all operating systems Linux, windows or Mac is to make sure that virtualization is enabled for your laptop or desktop wherever you're setting up this lab. So one of the easy ways to make sure that virtualization is enabled on Linux is to grep for the VM or the SCM keyword under the proc CPU info file. So that's what I'm going to do now. So as long as this command shows an output such as the switches listed here, virtualization has been enabled. And you don't have to enable it specifically from the Bios. If it's not enabled then you have to check your laptop's Bios settings. So you have to restart your laptop, go into the Bios and there should be an option to enable virtualization. And you have to do that. Um, you might have to check your laptop's manual, um, in order to know how that's done or just Check online with your laptop model and search how to enable virtualization on your laptop. And again, make sure that you check the documentation here for the respective operating system that you are on. For each of these, there are specific commands that can be used to run a test to see whether virtualization has been enabled. Okay. So next we're going to install minikube. And again we will go ahead with the option for Linux. And the first prerequisite is to install kubectl which we have already done. The next one is to install a hypervisor. So for Linux we can either use KVM or VirtualBox. Um we will go with VirtualBox as that is our preferred virtualization solution. You can also run minikube without a hypervisor and directly on your host using Docker. So if you already have Docker installed you could leverage that. Um, and have minikube or, you know, provision a Kubernetes cluster, uh, using a Docker container. However, note that as you can see here in the documentation page, um, there's a warning that says it can result in security or data loss issues. So we will just stick with a virtual machine based approach for now. I just prefer VirtualBox because it can, in case you mess up something on your system and you need to restart, it's easy to get rid of the VM and restart again, right? It won't really mess up your laptop and you can take snapshots before you make a major change, and then you can restore that snapshot in case that changed, you know, doesn't really work well for you. Now VirtualBox is supported on all variety of operating systems, including Linux, windows and OS X. So I'm going to open this in a new window. And it takes me to the download section. And here I'm going to select Linux distribution and the one that is most appropriate for my system. Uh you may choose one that is appropriate for yours. So wait for it to complete the download and then we will install VirtualBox. It has downloaded the Debian package, so I'm just going to install it directly. Um, wait for the installation to complete. And while it installs let's go back to the documentation section. So now the installation has been completed and I'm just going to close this and I'm going to launch VirtualBox. So as you can see here um, this is what the VirtualBox interface looks like. And you will have a similar interface for Windows or Mac. Um, with minor differences, but that should not matter. So right now we don't have any virtual machines running. So when we provision a cluster using minikube, it will automatically create a virtual machine as required. So apart from just installing VirtualBox, you don't really have to do anything directly with it. Now let's proceed with the installation. So the next step is to install the minikube utility. Again there are different ways to do this. Either use the package manager and install it as a package, or we can do it using a direct download approach. So we're going to download the latest version. And just like we did with the kubectl utility I'm going to curl the package and then install it on my machine. So I'm just going to copy the whole thing. And this will download the minikube binaries and assign an execute bit so that we can run it as a command. And once that has been done let us add minikube to our path. The user local bin directory has already been created, so we don't have to do that first step. We will run this command to install minikube at the location slash user local bin. Next we will provision a Kubernetes cluster using the minikube utility. So we're going to run the minikube start command. But we also have to specify the driver name to be used with this command. Now minikube can work with different virtualization tools. And that's where you must specify what driver to use. In our case we use VirtualBox. So let's open this link and make sure that you we are using the correct driver name. So the name of VirtualBox driver is VirtualBox. So we'll make use of that name. Um so I'm going to copy and paste this command until the driver name. And then I'm just going to copy the driver name from this page and paste it here. We will now execute the command when it starts. You'll notice that it follows a process. So it is in fact a downloading the ISO image for minikube. And then this is the image that will be used to provision a VM on VirtualBox. We now see that it's downloading Kubernetes version 1.8.3 and any other required binaries. Now let me switch to the VirtualBox UI. And we will see that a virtual machine by the name minikube has been created and it is in a running state. And you can see that the VM uses two CPUs and two GB of Ram. So let's wait for this setup to complete. Okay. So now this has been installed. And um kubectl utility is now configured to use the Kubernetes cluster provisioned using minikube. So let's head back to the documentation page. And the next thing that we are going to do is um run the minikube status command to ensure that everything has been set up correctly. So I'm going to clear the screen here and then run the minikube status command. We can see that, uh, the minikube uh, control plane, Kubelet API server, and Kubeconfig are all in a running and configured state. So that's good. Uh, if you run into issues with the installation anytime, feel free to run this command and check the status. So our cluster is now set up. We will deploy some applications on the cluster and make sure it's working as expected. Now we will get into talking about the different concepts on deploying an application in the upcoming lectures. Right now we just want to make sure that the cluster we setup is working as expected, so we will simply follow the tutorial given in this page. Although it may not make total sense now, but I assure you that we will get to that in a bit. So click on this link under What's Next? And here we have some examples that could be used to test our setup. In the new page. You can skip the first step of starting a minikube cluster. So we have already done that. So the next thing that we need to check is if kubectl commands are working. So I'm going to run the kubectl get nodes command. And you can see that it is a single node cluster. And the node name is minikube. And it is in a ready state. And it was spun up about eight seconds ago. And it's running the latest release of Kubernetes which is 1.18 as of this recording. So next let us try to create some deployments using this cluster. So here we have an example. On this page I'm going to run kubectl create deployment command to create the deployment. Once that is done, we will run the kubectl get deployments command. And you can see that the hello minikube deployment has been running for 22 seconds. Next we will expose this deployment as a service. For that make use of this command here. And kubectl expose deployment. Hello minikube command. Now don't worry about the command for now. We'll talk about this in much detail later in this course. For now we will just copy and paste. Okay. And then we will skip to step five where we will get the URL of the exposed service. So by running this command. And copy the URL and paste it into a browser on your laptop. And it should list the details about the application like this. Okay, so that's not the most exciting application, but this is proof that your setup is working. And that's all we need for now. Now follow the remaining instructions to clean up your system. Delete the services and delete the deployment. Now the deployment will be in a terminating state for a few seconds. And after it's done, the application will no longer be accessible on the web page. Well, that's it for now. I will see you in the next lecture.