In this demo, we're going to deploy a pod in our minikube cluster. As we discussed, a pod is the most basic and the smallest unit in Kubernetes. So we will use the kubectl command line utility to interact with the Kubernetes cluster. Now if you followed our demo earlier of deploying a cluster using minikube, then you already have the kubectl command line utility configured to work with the cluster. We will run the command kubectl run nginx, which is the name of the pod dash dash image uh equals to nginx. Now here is where we specify the Docker image to be used. While the pod name could be anything, the image name has to be the name of an image available at Docker Hub or any other container registry. You can additionally specify a tag for the image name or a different address to an image hosted on another registry. If the image is hosted, uh, in a place that's, uh, other than Docker Hub. Okay, so once we run this command, we see a pod by the name nginx. Um has been created and you can check the status using the kubectl get pods command. Now here you can see the column name which is nginx. The status is running and we see that the. There is a ready column which shows the number of containers in a ready state. We also see if the container has restarted since it was created. And how long has the pod been running? We can get more information related to the pod by running the kubectl describe pod nginx command, and you'll notice that this provides a lot more information as compared to the get command. So for example, the name of the pod is nginx. It shows any labels that has been assigned to this pod. So this was created by default when we ran the run command. It shows when it was started. It shows the node that is uh, that it is assigned to along with the IP address of the node. So in this case, we just have a single node cluster set up using minikube. And the node name is minikube. And that is the IP address of this worker node. Secondly it also shows the IP address of the pod itself. So in this case the pod is assigned an IP of 172.16.0.3. We'll cover more about the IP addresses of the pod and later in the networking section. Now moving on. We can see that it displays information related to the container. So we know that there is a single container which uses the image nginx. If there were multiple containers we would list them here. I'll explain about creating a pod with multiple containers in the upcoming lectures. But here we can also see that the nginx image was pulled from Docker Hub. And if you scroll all the way to the bottom, you'll see additional information called events. And here you see the list of events that occurred since the pod was created. And it went through multiple stages before it started. We can see that the pod was assigned to the minikube node. If there were multiple nodes, you would see which node the pod was assigned to here. And then it entered the pulling phase where the nginx image was pulled down from Docker Hub successfully. And then the container called nginx was created and started. Now there is one other command that we can use to check the status of the pod, and that is the same command as before. The kubectl get pods command, but with the dash wide option. And this provides additional information such as the node where the pod is running and the IP address of the pod as well. So this is the internal IP address of the pod itself. So each pod gets an internal IP of its own within the within the Kubernetes cluster. Um but more on that later. That was a quick demonstration on how to run a pod in minikube environment. In the upcoming videos, we will see how to create a pod using a YAML definition file.