In this demo, we're going to deploy our application on the Google Kubernetes Engine on Google Cloud Platform. So as a prerequisite, you must have access to the Google Cloud account. Google provides a 12 month free trial with a credit of $1 300. And that should be sufficient to follow this demo. So if you don't have access to Google Cloud already, use this link and sign up. And of course, uh, some basic, um, understanding of working with the Google Cloud environment and the shell are required so that you can set up all the prerequisites. So we won't be going into that. Once logged in to the GCP console, we have a project that we have created by the name example voting app. So to start with GKE click on the navigation menu on the top left corner. And under the compute section click on Kubernetes Engine. Once you're in this page click on Create Cluster. So this should load the Kubernetes cluster creation interface. So the first thing that you have to do is change, uh, the name here. So we'll we will name it example voting app. We will leave the default values um and for location type and the zone uh we will leave it as, as it is, the master version is the Kubernetes version, which we could either set to a static version or select a release channel to automatically upgrade the Kubernetes versions when new versions are made available on GKE. Otherwise, um, if you set it to static, then you, uh, upgrade manually. Uh, we talk about cluster upgrades in detail in the course. For now, let's leave it at the default, and you may choose another version by clicking on this, um, drop down link. Now you can make additional changes to the worker nodes, um, that have to be configured so you can make change to the type of virtual machine to be used, the size, etc.. Um, but we are just going to stick with the defaults for now. So we will proceed with creating the cluster, so click on create to begin the creation process. And remember this can take anywhere between 5 to 10 minutes. So let's just wait and give it some time to complete. You may click on the refresh button to refresh the status. All right so now the cluster has been set up. Now you can see that by the green check mark next to the cluster name. And the easiest way to connect to the cluster is by making use of this connect button right here. So this will give us the command to connect to the cluster using the cloud shell. So let's click on that. And on the lower half of the screen the Google Cloud Shell should open up. And I'm just going to increase it all the way to the top to make some space. So this is the command that will enable kubectl to be able to talk to the GKE cluster. So in Cloud Shell you already have the kubectl utility installed. So um all you need to do is run this command to set up, um, Connectivity to the GKE cluster, so it will set up the Kubeconfig and any other required configuration. Once that is done, we are ready. So we now clear the screen and if you run the kubectl get nodes command, we can see that we have three worker nodes which are in ready state. It's running version 1.11.14. And it was set up about 1 to 2 minutes ago. So our next task is to get the YAML files for deployments and services that we created earlier. So to do that we'll open up our GitHub repository where all these files have been committed. So here we have the GitHub repository. And within the Its specifications directory we have all the deployment and service definition files. So let's first clone the repository onto the Google Cloud Shell. So I'm going to run git clone and paste the URL that was copied to the clipboard. And let's run git clone command and paste the URL to download the repository. Now I'm going to CD into the example voting app directory. And in here I'm going to the CD specification directory. And if I run ls we see all the YAML definition files. So let's check the changes that we have made to the voting app and the result app services. So we made a small change to the services because we are deploying these on the cloud environments. Um earlier we discussed about a service type of load balancer where the native load balancer on the cloud is deployed when we create a service. So in here we have changed the type of service to load balancer instead of Nodeport. And we have done the same for result app service as well. So now uh let's start creating these objects. So we will start with the kubectl create dash f command. And we'll start with the voting deployment itself. And then we will deploy the service for voting app. Next let's deploy the Redis deployment followed by the service. Next we will do the Postgres deployment followed by the Postgres service. And now we can do the worker app deployment. And finally let's create the deployment for the result app as well as the result service. Now you can also create all of these at once two by just specifying a wild card instead of each file name. So you could just do a kubectl create and f and then a dot to just create all of them at once. So now we have created all the objects that are needed for this application to run. So let's verify that by running the kubectl get deployments command services command. Again see that most of the objects have been created with the exception of the worker app which is still being deployed. I can see that they are ready. And we can also see that our load balancers, um, do not have an external IP yet, so they are still in a pending state. So at this stage, um, the Kubernetes service is in fact working with the native load balancer. So it sent a call to the native load balancer to provision a load balancer on on the Google Cloud Platform. So once the load balancer is provisioned and we get the load balancer, um, external URL and IP, it will be populated here. So let's give it a couple of minutes. Um and then check this command again. Now we can see that all the five deployments are ready. And they have, uh, one out of one pod which are in a running state. And we also have our two load balancers with the two external IPS available. So everything has been set up as needed. And before we test the application, let's check the load balancer configuration. So if we click on um services and the ingress tab on the left, we can see that we have two services which are of type cluster IP which are the internal services of DB for Postgres and the other one for Redis. And we have two front end services which are making use of the external load balancer. And here are the external um, the endpoints, the um the URL that we can use to access the application. If you'd like to see more details, you can click on any of these and this should give you more details about the service in general. Um, the load balancer, the internal cluster IP, the load balancer IP, and the load balancer URL. And you can see that for all of them the status is okay. So now we can test the application. So let's uh get the link here. So we're going to open up a new uh tab in the browser. And uh it will redirect us to the external load balancer IP here. And this is our voting application. Similarly let's open up the results app in a new tab as well. And we will now cast a vote. And we see that the result page is updated with the uh, percentage of votes. Uh, let's try another vote. And then we see that this has been updated as well. So that's a quick and short demo for deploying Kubernetes clusters on GCP. And I will see you in the next one.