In this demo, we're going to create an ECS cluster, which is Amazon's managed Kubernetes service known as Elastic Kubernetes Service. And before we begin, there are a set of prerequisites to be configured, such as having an AWS account. So if you're new to AWS, then check out this link to get free access. You must already have installed the kubectl utility, which we have already done, so that's not required. Also, you must have some basic AWS knowledge to perform some basic operations, such as configuring a cluster role for ECS and an IAM role for node group. Um, a VPC and an EC2 key pair which will be used to SSH to the worker nodes if you have to. So the step by step instructions are available in this link. So you must have the aws cli installed and have the AWS CLI credentials configured. And we already have the kubectl utility installed. So we're going to skip that. And you must have uh created the IAM role for the EKS cluster and a VPC if required. Or you can use the default one. So we will start from this step here, which is of creating an Amazon EKS cluster. So these are the basic AWS configurations. Um so we will not spend time on that. Instead we will dive into creating the Kubernetes cluster. So we've already configured all of the prerequisites required on our system. So to provision an EKS cluster once you're logged into your AWS account go to services. Now the easiest way to look up things here is to search for EKS within the search window and click on EKS. So first thing to do is to name our cluster. So I'm going to use the name example voting app. And we will leave the Kubernetes version at 1.16 as default. And we must have created a cluster service role. So select the role created for the EKS cluster here and then click on next. In the networking section We're going for the default VPC, and this is the only VPC that we have in this region. So one thing to notice here is that we're going with the US West two region which is Oregon two. And we're making use of all the default subnets. And click on next. And again click on next. And this is just a review page. So you can review and click on create. So this can take quite some time. And after ten minutes. So let's just wait for this cluster to be created. Okay. So now our cluster is active and it has got the active check mark here. So the next thing to do is to add a node group which is basically a group of worker nodes. Right. So we have created a Kubernetes cluster. But there are no worker nodes as of now. So that's the next step to do. So if you go to the compute section just below you'll see an option to add a node node group. And let's assign a name for this such as demo workers. And we select the EKS Case node role. So this is another role that we created as a prerequisite for subnets. We select all the default subnets for now. Of course in your environment you must choose those that are more relevant for you. And next up I've got a key that is also created so that we can SSH to worker nodes as part of the prerequisites. So this key was created earlier. Now um you don't really need this unless you are really, uh unless you really want to ssh to the worker nodes. Right. So everything else looks good. Um, so we will click on next. And next we set the compute configuration. And this is basically what images will be used for the worker nodes and their size the disk size etc.. So I will leave these at the defaults for now. Then I'm going to click on next. And here's the auto scaling groups where we specify the minimum number of nodes in the cluster. The maximum number of nodes and the desired size. So we will leave the default values here. And next we will review the selected Configurations and then click on create. So again this can take a few minutes. So let's wait for that to finish. Now let's check the status of the node group. And we see that there are two nodes which are EC2 instances. And our node groups are active. So the next step for us is to go to the terminal and set up the kubectl utility to access this cluster. So run the kubectl version command and verify that it's working. But currently the kubectl utility is configured to work with our local minikube cluster. So the aws cli has a command to configure kubectl to work with the remote cluster we provisioned. So for this we must first have the AWS cli installed and configured to work with our AWS account. So the instructions to install aws CLI are available in the documentation. So we have that already installed on our system. So we're just going to skip that. Now if you don't have the AWS cli installed then you follow the relevant, um, steps in the documentation, uh, for your operating system. So once installed, the documentation page, uh, we have an AWS command to configure. Uh kubeconfig. It's called, uh, update dash kubeconfig command. So we copy, uh, this whole command and we paste it in our terminal, and we specify the name of the cluster we created, which is example voting app. So once run, we see that the Kubeconfig um is configured in our home directory under the folder kube to verify if it's working as expected, run the kubectl get nodes command, and we should see the two worker nodes that are provisioned on AWS with their status and version of 1.16. So that's a proof that, um, we are connecting to the right Kubernetes cluster and that the Kubeconfig setup, uh, actually worked. So as with, um, any managed service, you cannot see the master nodes here. The master nodes do not host any applications or workloads. You cannot SSH to the master nodes or even access them because in managed Kubernetes services, the master nodes are maintained by the service provider. Now any kubectl commands we run would be targeting the remote cluster on AWS. So now we should be good to move ahead with our application deployment. So just as before we will go to our GitHub repo. And I'm going to clone it again. And so I'm going to run git git clone voting app command. And once downloaded I'm going to go into the example voting app. And under the CSS specifications directory. If I run the LS command I see all the deployment definition files as well as the service definition files. So now let's get started and create these resources. So first I'll create the voting app deployment. So kubectl create command and specify the voting app deployment file and followed by the service. And then we will create the Redice deployment. And then the Redice service. Followed by the Postgres deployment. And the Postgres service. And next we create our worker deployment. And finally we create the result app deployment and the result app service. So that's all of the objects and they've all been created. So let's check the status using the kubectl get deployments command. And we can see that we have most of our services that are up except for the worker which is still in process of being deployed. And we have two load balancer type services. And we also see the public IP and other public URL with which we can access them. So let's wait for our worker app to be deployed. And once that is done, we will go ahead and access the applications using the load balancer IP address, so the service has already interacted or made a call to the load balancer and created a load balancer on on the AWS environment. And this is the IP or the URL for that. Now all of our pods are up and running, and all of our deployments have one out of one ready pods, which is what we expect. So let's view the voting service using the load balancer. And I'm going to open it up in a web browser. So I'll paste the URL and hit enter. And here we go. So we have our voting application which is accessible from our public external load balancer and the external IP. So I'm going to make a selection here. And to validate that let me copy and paste the external IP or the URL for my result app. And here we see the the results as expected. So let's change the vote. And we verify that the Result reflects that change. So this was a quick and easy deployment for our voting application on AKS. Once you're done, make sure that you go back and clean up anything that you've done to save cost. So make sure to delete the AKS cluster and any applications that you have deployed on that. All right. Thanks for your time and I will see you in the next demo.