In this demo we're going to provision a Kubernetes cluster on Microsoft Azure. So as a prerequisite you must have an Azure account. And if you're getting started explore the free access available at this link. So you get 12 months of free access. Also some basic knowledge on Azure can help to, you know, prepare subscriptions and perform some basic configurations. So let's get started. So once you're logged into your Azure account we see the dashboard. The basic dashboard provides a list of services. So here I'm using the free account called Code Cloud free account. And what we need to do is either look up for AKS which is the Azure Kubernetes Service. And in this case it's already in my list underneath. And we do not have a cluster created. So the first thing to do is to add a cluster. So this will take us to the Create Kubernetes cluster screen. So it will select your subscription by default. So make sure the right subscription is selected. So if you're using a free subscription make sure that the right one is selected. So the first thing to do is to create a new resource group. So I'm going to create a resource group. We will name it Voting App resource group. And then we're going to name the cluster example voting app. I'm going to leave the Kubernetes version to the default one which is 1.16. And for the node size, um, since this is a free version, I'm going to use just one. So that's enough for our requirements. And there are other options that you can edit as well. So for now we will just leave most of it to the uh to the default values. Under authentication set the service principal to new so it will create a new one for us. A service principal is used by the AKS service to manage the cloud resources that are attached to the cluster. And next I'm going to, uh review and create. So let's wait for it to make the create button available for us. Okay. So once it's available we can go ahead and click on create. So here you will see that it is initializing the deployment of the resource groups first. and then it will create our Kubernetes cluster. So yeah, this can take some time as well. So let's just wait for our cluster to be ready. All right. So now the resources have been deployed and our cluster has been created successfully. So the next step is to um go to the resources that we just created. And I'm going to type in, uh, the voting app here. So that's just one easy way to get the resource. Uh, so search for it in the search bar. So here is our Kubernetes service and the cluster that we just provisioned. And to access the cluster we will make use of the cloud shell uh which will open up in the lower half of the screen. So in this case it prompts me to create storage. So let's just go ahead with it and do that. And let's wait for it to complete. And then we should be able to log in to the cloud shell. So while we wait for that let's go over the documentation. So here is the walkthrough of AKS which describes the steps that we have been following. So if we scroll all the way to the bottom it shows how to connect to the cluster. So here this is the step that we are trying to do now. So kubectl client is pre-installed in the Azure Cloud Shell. So we are launching that. And once the cloud shell is launched we are going to grant access to kubectl to our cluster. So to do that we have to enter the name of the resource group as well as the name of the cluster that we just created. So let's go back, um, to our cloud shell and let's enter the value. So I'm just going to paste the command here and we'll fill in the um the cluster name. So the name of the resource group can be copied from the resource group here. And the name of the cluster, um, you can copy it from the top here. So it says example voting app because that's the name of the cluster that we just created. So now the Kubeconfig, um, has been set up and we should be able to access the cluster. So we'll run the kubectl get nodes command. And here we can see that our single node cluster is is visible and it's running on 1.16 and it is in a ready state. So just like before, we're going to clone our GitHub repo for our voting app. So let's run the git clone command. And once that is done I'm going to the directory. And here are all the YAML files as before. So let's start creating these services and deployment. So we will start off with the voting app. Uh the voting app deployment and then the voting app service. And then we'll go with the deployment and the Redis service and the Postgres deployment and then the Postgres service. Uh next comes the worker deployment and finally deployment and the results service. So let's check the status of the deployment and services. And here we see that all the service objects are created um except for the result app. So that's still deploying. And we already have the load balancer or the external IP for our voting service, um, and the result services for the voting service. And the result service is pending. So let's just give it a couple of minutes. All right. So now all our deployments are running and they have one out of one pods for all the five deployments. And we also have the load balancer for both the result and the voting app ready. So let's jump into a new tab and let's try to open this applications. So here I'm on a different window and this is my voting app. And let me also um open up the result app in a different tab. So here's the result app. And let's now cast a vote. And we can see that the appropriate results are seen on the result app. And if we change the vote we can see that it's working as expected. So that's the end of this demo. Once you're done with your learning, remember to delete the cluster and clean up the workspace after you're done so that, um, you can save, uh, on some of the credits. Well, that's it for now, and I will see you in the next one.