So I wanna show you a quick hands on for Amazon EKS but this is completely out of the feature. So if you do decide to do it it's going to cost you quite a bit of money. So I just suggest you just watch what I'm doing just to understand a bit better the Kubernetes per service from AWS. So we are going to create a new cluster on AWS. So I use demo EKS as a name. I can select a Kubernetes version. I will use the default and then we need to have a service role to manage everything. So to create this role I need to follow the instructions from the EKS user guide. So I go to IAM and then I will have to create a role for EKS. And then I will need to add the EKS cluster role. So let's do this. We're going to go to roles. Create a role. This is for a service. This is for the EKS service. Here we go. And we'll do EKS cluster to allow access to other services that are operated by our cluster. So here we go. We're good. Next. Then the permission is selected already and the role name is EKS cluster role. Let's create this role. Invalid name, so let's just remove the first space in the beginning. And now the role is being created. Okay, so let's refresh this and we can find this role right here. Now, do we want to encrypt our secrets with KMS? For now I'm not going to do it, but this is a possibility for security. Then where do you want to deploy our clusters? So we have a VPC and subnet. So this is so we are, we are highly available. Then security groups we want out of this. So we could select, for example, the default security group. And then we choose the IPv4 type of services. Then the cluster endpoint access is going to be public so that we can access it from our computer. Do we want any networking add-ons? So we'll just choose the default again and the default for proxy and DNS. So as you can see, these are like a lot of configuration and EKS should be its own course. To be honest, I just want to run through you the options so you can understand what's happening. Then we can configure logging for the control plane. I'm not going to do it. And then we review the settings. So we have set up security groups, networking, cluster, API access to public, and we are good to go. So let's create this. And what this is going to do is that it's going to create the cluster itself and then we'll have to create the nodes for the cluster. So my cluster is now created. And the next step is to provision compute capacity for your cluster, by adding a managed node group or creating your fargate profile. So we've seen this in the overview and that's just what I wanted to show you. So if we go into the resources, this is where all your Kubernetes resources are going to be managed. And this is some Kubernetes specific knowledge, okay? But this is where you have it for the Kubernetes experts. Then in compute, this is where we can add node groups. So if I go into node groups, I can add node group here. I call this one demo node group. You would need to create an IAM role for this node group. So we go into the IAM console... And then we create a new role. And this role are, is for the EC2 instances that are part of my manage node group. So I will just use EC2 and then I will search for policies. I will type EKS and you want an Amazon EKS worker node policy added in it. So let's click on next. And for this, I will enter and it's somewhere in documentation. So I will enter the... Amazon EKS node role and actually there's add permissions for this. And then we need to also add the Amazon EC2 container registry read only policy in this. So let's go back. In here, we're going to edit permissions and add one more thing. The Amazon EC2 container registry. So let's look for this. Here we go. It's here, next. And we're good to go. Let's create this role. So just make sure it doesn't start with the space. Here we go. The role is created... and now I'm able to go in here refresh this, and I will find the Amazon EKS node role. Great. Then do we want to have a launch template for our EC2 instances? We can specify one but I will leave this unticked and then click on next. What type of node group do we want? So Amazon Linux 2 is great. Do we want on-demand or spot instances? What type of instances do we want? So we want T3 medium? T3 micro? Whatever you want. What is the disc size? What is the node scaling configuration? So how many nodes in your node groups do you want? So this is the settings for the OS scaling group. And then what is the node group update? So when you do update how many nodes can you tolerate to be done? So click on next. What subnets do you want access to? And then when we're good to go we create this managed node group. And so to show you this this is the way to deploy EC2 instances for your Amazon EKS cluster, but they are entirely managed by AWS, which is, makes it very easy. And the other way to create nodes in here. So, we go one level up, we go back into computes. The other way to create nodes, except from this node group is actually to have fargates and fargates allows you not to provision EC2 instances. And so we would have with a setup to go and add a target profile. Now we're not going do this. I just want to show you the options for node groups for fargate profiles. Actually don't need this one. So I'll delete it when it's finished creating. And the last option I wanna show you is around add-ons. So if we wanted to actually use EBS volumes we can install add-ons. And one of them is the Amazon EBS CSI driver. And this will allow us to leverage EBS for our Amazon EKS cluster and they will be STS side driver also for EFS X, EFS, and so on. Okay. So this is all the actions, I am gonna show you. Kubernetes requires its own knowledge to be honest, and it's very very difficult and requires a full course on it. So what I'm going to do now is just go ahead and delete this cluster. So for this I'll just type demo EKS, and this will be it all I wanted to show you was how to create an EKS cluster and to delete the first need to delete the note groups. I will skip that from the video. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.