Welcome to a new section of the course. In this section I'll give you an introduction to Unity Catalog, which is Databricks recommended solution for data governance. I'll also show you how to configure unity catalog objects required for developing data engineering solutions. So far we have been talking about the medallion architecture at a conceptual level. We haven't talked about where and how the data in a data lake house is physically stored. How Databricks enables access to the data, and also what objects can be created from the data in the data lake house, for example, tables, views, etc.. In summary, we need to go a bit deeper to understand the physical data architecture and the access methods in Databricks so that we can implement data lake our solutions. Let's try and understand that in this lesson. Any data engineering project requires us to be able to read the data from any storage solution and apply the necessary transformations, and write the transformed data back to the storage solution. Databricks can read and write data from a variety of storage solutions, but let's focus on the cloud object storage as the storage solution, as that's what is used to build most of the data lake houses in the cloud. It could be ADLs, Gen two, AWS S3, or Google Cloud Storage, depending on the cloud provider the solution is being built on. We are in Azure, so let's assume that we are working with ADLs Gen two. And let's say that we are using spark as the Compute Engine. Databricks is an original solution to access the data is based on Databricks File System and Hive Metastore. This was widely adopted in the industry since the launch of Databricks until recently. This solution had some challenges around data security and data governance. To address those challenges and to provide robust data governance for its customers. Databricks launched a new solution called Unity Catalog around late 2022. Databricks considers the previous solution as legacy, and recommends using Unity Catalog for all new projects as it provides better data security and data governance. Having said that, Databricks still supports the legacy solution for backward compatibility. Under the Data Governance section of the course, we'll look at the data governance capabilities offered by Unity Catalog. But in this section of the course, I want to give you an introduction to accessing data via Unity Catalog. The Unity Catalog Object Model, and also configure our Databricks workspace to use Unity Catalog so that in the forthcoming lessons, it will be easier for you to understand the solution. But let's start with an introduction to the legacy solution. You may only get a few questions on the legacy solution, if any, but it is widely used in the industry. And also, Databricks fully supports this for backward compatibility, and most documentation still have references to this. So I strongly believe you should be aware of this. As we discussed, the core components of this solution are the Databricks File System or Dbfs and the hive Metastore. Databricks File System is a distributed file system that's fully integrated within Databricks. In Databricks Workspaces, Dbfs provides an abstraction layer over the cloud storage, such as Azure Data Lake Storage. For example, in Azure Databricks, you can simply mount a container from the Azure Data Lake storage into Dbfs and access it similar to accessing a shared drive on your computer. You can access Dbfs from a notebook via spark API. The DB utils file system utility that we saw in the earlier lesson, and also percentage fs magic commands. You can also access Dbfs from a Databricks cluster or a job. This is really useful for accessing files in the cloud storage, especially files containing unstructured data. On the other hand, if your files are structured or semi structured, you may want to access them via tables. This is where hive Metastore comes in. You can simply create tables over the data in the cloud storage and hive. Metastore registers the tables in the Metastore and stores additional information about the data files such as columns, data types, partitions, etc. this enables us to query the data through SQL queries. Similar to other databases. You can also create views to contain summaries of filtered data and also functions to abstract the transformation logic. Hive Metastore also enables us to restrict or grant access to the Metastore objects to the users based on their roles. Even though hive Metastore was widely adopted and had been used by customers for over seven years, it has some limitations such as lack of fine grained access control like row and column level access, lack of audit logging, lineage support for multi-cloud environments, etc. so Databricks introduced Unity catalog around late 2022 to address some of the limitations of this solution. Similar to hive, Metastore Unity Catalog also allows us to create tables and views on structured data. We can also create functions to abstract transformation logic as required. Unity catalog also offers us another object called volume, which is an abstraction layer on top of the files in the cloud storage. It's the recommended approach for reading and writing files in Lakehouse, especially files containing unstructured data. Basically, Unity Catalog gives us a unified solution for accessing files as well as table objects, thus streamlining any access control requirements. Apart from this, Unity catalog also offers many more benefits such as data lineage, data security, data governance, etc. which will look under the Data governance section of the course. But during the rest of this section, I'll take you through the Unity Catalog Object Model and how to create a Unity Catalog Metastore and configure the Unity Catalog Metastore to gain access to the cloud storage, so that we can use that cloud storage as the storage layer for our data Lakehouse for future sections of this course. Let's get started.