Welcome back. Now that we understand what Unity Catalog is at a high level, let's take a look at the Unity Catalog object model Metastore is the top level container for all our metadata in the Unity catalog. Please don't confuse the Unity Catalog Metastore with hive Metastore. They basically two different objects altogether. Unity catalog Metastore lives with the Databricks account level, and you can only create one Metastore per Azure region. And one or more Databricks workspaces can be attached to the Metastore. It can also be paired with a container in ADLs Gen2 for default storage at the time of creation. All other objects hang off the Metastore object. Catalog is a new concept within Databricks introduced by Unity Catalog. Legacy. High Metastore didn't have the concept of catalogs. Catalog is just a logical container within the Metastore to organize your data sets. For example, you may decide to have one catalog per business unit or one per your development environment. Each catalog may contain one or more schemas or databases. They are just next level containers within catalogs. Schemas and databases are synonymous within Databricks. In the past, most of the documentation referred to this as database, but now the recommendation is to use the term schema. This is just to avoid any confusion with database systems and platforms. So please start using the term schema rather than database. If you use database in your SQL statements, for example, create database instead of create schema. It still works, but I would encourage you to use the term schema. Each schema may contain one or more volumes, tables, views and functions. Volumes are logical volumes which are high level abstraction to the containers. In Azure Data Lake Storage you can create both managed and external volumes. Manage volumes are fully managed by Unity Catalog, which means that Unity Catalog manages access to the volume via Unity Catalog when you are in Databricks, as well as via the Cloud Provider account. For example, Azure external volumes represent existing data in the cloud storage that's managed outside of Databricks but registered in Databricks Unity Catalog so that Unity Catalog controls access to the storage via Databricks. This is typically used for containers in which we receive data from external applications other than Databricks, but we want to use that data in Databricks. Tables, as you know, are collections of data organized by rows and columns. Again, tables can be both external and managed. Managed tables are basically owned by Databricks Unity catalog. What this means is that Unity Catalog manages both the metadata and the data for the table, whereas only metadata for external tables are managed by Databricks. The underlying data itself is managed by the cloud provider. So when you drop an external table, only the table definitions are dropped because that is what is managed by Databricks Unity Catalog. The underlying data itself is left alone, so they are great for when another solution, such as Azure Data Factory or Fivetran, is producing the data and Databricks is just consuming the data. In this example, you just need to create an external table on the data produced by ADF or patron and consume that data within Databricks. Also, all managed tables in unity catalog are delta tables. You can't create a table with a format parquet, CSV or JSON, etc. as managed tables. For that you will have to use external tables. Please don't worry if you still haven't understood the difference. I'll demonstrate this with an example in later lessons. The objects called storage, credential, and external location allow us to access a cloud storage or a data lake other than the default storage attached to the Metastore. Service credentials are used to hold the credentials of external cloud services altogether, for example an AWS service. Similarly, connections represent credentials that give read only access to an external database in a database system such as MySQL or PostgreSQL. You can then access the MySQL database using the connection that you've stored within Unity Catalog via Lakehouse Federation. There are three other further objects called share recipient and provider, introduced by Unity Catalog to handle Delta sharing. And finally, using Unity Catalog for your Databricks workspace doesn't mean you can't access Legacy Hive Metastore. Databricks offers 100% backward compatibility with hive Metastore. This is achieved via the pseudo catalog called hive Metastore. This pseudo catalog is automatically created by Databricks in every Databricks workspace, and you can simply create your databases or schemas, as well as tables, views, and functions in hive Metastore. Similar to creating them via Unity Catalog, it also offers two types of tables external and managed. As we discussed with Unity Catalog. With this hierarchical object structure, you will have to use the three level namespace to access a table or view, or a function. For example, to access a table you will refer to catalog dot schema, dot table name. So you would access legacy tables in hive metastore as hive Metastore dot schema dot table. If a Databricks workspace is not enabled with hive Metastore, you could use the two level namespace because the hive Metastore catalog itself is your default catalog, so you would just use the schema name dot table name. But when you enable a Databricks workspace with unity catalog, you will have to use the three level namespace. As I explained just now, the only difference is that the objects created under the hive Metastore catalog don't get the benefits offered by Unity Catalog, such as better governance, data lineage, data security, etc. so please refrain from using the hive Metastore for any new projects. All of this may feel a bit overwhelming at first if you are new to Databricks, but please don't worry, I'll take you through each one of these objects you need to know for the certification exam in detail in the forthcoming lessons. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.