Welcome back. Now that we have had an introduction to Unity Catalog, let's take a look at configuring a Metastore for our Databricks workspace that we created earlier. As we discussed, Metastore is simply a top level container within the Unity Catalog Object model. We can create only one Metastore per cloud region, in this case the Azure region. You can attach all the workspaces that you've created in that region to this metastore. We'll create a Metastore for this course, and we have just one workspace for this course. So we'll attach that workspace to the Metastore. There are a couple of things I want to take you through before we go ahead and create the Metastore. Firstly, we need to log in to the Databricks Account console to create the Metastore. It can't be created from the Databricks workspace. The URL for the Azure Databricks Account Console is accounts dot Azure Databricks dot net. In order to access the account console, you must have a user with Global Administrator privileges, and it must be listed as a user in Microsoft Entra ID or Azure Active Directory. If you're using a personal Azure subscription like I am, the user is generally not listed in the Microsoft Entra ID or the Azure Active Directory. I'll show you how to create a new admin user with the privileges, so that we can use that user to log in to the Databricks Account console. Once we log in, we can create the Metastore and also assign our Databricks workspace to the newly created Metastore. Please note that some of you may already have a unity catalog Metastore created by default. This is because Databricks started creating a Unity Catalog Metastore by default for all the Azure subscriptions that are created on or after the November 2023. So if you are working on a newly created Azure subscription, you will already have a unity catalog Metastore and your workspace will be attached to the Metastore already. You don't have to follow the steps in this lesson. I'll show you how to check that as well. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. The easiest way to find out whether your Databricks workspace is attached to a unity catalog Metastore is by running a SQL command. The command is select and then the function current Metastore. And that will give you the metastore to which the workspace has been attached to. So let me create a notebook and invoke that command. I'm going to create a new folder first for this section of the course. And then I'll create the notebook. And let me write the SQL command as I said which is select. And then you just have to invoke the function current Metastore. Let me do that and let me execute that command. And as you can see I've got an output here which says that my Databricks workspace has been attached to this metastore here. But if your workspace is not attached to a metastore, you get an error. So let me show you another one of my subscriptions in which I don't have a metastore. So let me bring that in here. And as you can see here on this workspace, I get an error saying operation current Metastore requires unit catalog enabled. So this is the error you will be getting if your workspace is not attached to a Metastore. The other way of finding out whether your Databricks workspace is attached to a unit catalog is to navigate to the Databricks Account Console and looking at the Metastores, and that's where you can create a new Metastore if you don't have one. So let's navigate to the Account Console. In order to do that, you will have to navigate to the URL accounts dot Azure Databricks dot net. And let's click continue. And let's sign in using the same email address that we've been using to log in to the Azure portal. And as I said in the presentation, you will get an error message here. If you're using your personal subscription because that user doesn't exist in the tenant. Let me show you what I mean by that. In order to do that, you'll have to navigate to the Microsoft Entra ID under the Azure portal. So I'm in the Azure portal now. I'm going to simply navigate to the Microsoft Entra ID. This used to be called Azure Active Directory. It's been renamed now. So don't get confused about that. And let's click on Microsoft Entra ID. And under manage you will find a menu called users. Let's click on that. And that's got one user here and which looks like mine. But if you look closely the email address is slightly different. It's got my email address attached with the word txt to represent its external user. And also it's got a full domain name attached to that as well. You can use this email address. Or when I say this email address, the entire address that you're seeing here to log in to the Databricks Account console. But instead I normally like to create a new user just to manage my Databricks admin work. And I use that user. So let me show you how to do that and to create a new user, you'll have to simply click on the Plus New User button here, and then click Create New User. And let me give a name for my user. I'm going to call this as DB admin, and I'm going to give a display name as well. I'm going to call that as Databricks Admin. And we need a password. I don't want to use the auto generated password. So I'm going to simply give a new password here. But we will be asked to reset that password later on which we'll do that. And let's click Review Plus create and click create. And the user is now created. Let me refresh this page to see the user. And as you can see we've got a new user here. Let me copy the username. We need that username to be able to log in to the account console. But before that we'll have to grant some permissions to this user. As I said in the presentation, the user has to be a Databricks admin. So we can set the global administrator privilege so that the user gets the Databricks admin privilege as well. So let me navigate to the user. And then you can go to the assigned roles. And the user doesn't have any roles at the moment. But we need to assign a new role. So I'm going to simply click on Add Assignments and then search for Global Administrator. And let me click Global Administrator and then click add. So now the user has got the Global administrator privileges as you can see here. And let's now navigate to the Account console. So this time we're not going to use the same user that we were using before. We're going to use the new user that we created. So let me click on plus use another account. And let me paste the username here which is DB admin at whatever the domain name is. And let's click next and let me give the password. And as I said we are asked to reset the password here. So let me give a new password here and let's click sign in. You may be asked to set up multi-factor authentication as you can see here, I'm going to simply click ask later and I'll set it up later. And as you can see, we've now logged in to the Databricks Account Console. And this is the Databricks Account Console. Let me change the theme to lighter theme so that you can see it better. In order to see all the workspaces in this Databricks account, you can simply navigate to the menu workspaces here. And as you can see here I only have one workspace which is d w s. And as you can see that's been attached to a metastore here which is called Metastore Azure UK South which is the region. So this workspace has been attached to the Metastore. And that's what you saw in the notebook when you ran the command select current Metastore. Let me go back to the account console. You can also navigate to catalog. That's where you'll see all the metastores. So in this case we only have one Metastore. But you may have multiple metastores if you are working on multiple regions. In order to create a meta store, you simply have to click on the create Metastore button on the top right here. We're not going to do that now. I'll show you how to do that in a minute. And if you click on the meta store, which is already there, you will be able to see the assigned workspaces as well. So you simply have to navigate to the workspace tab here. And you'll see the workspace which is attached to this meta store. In this case everything looks okay. That's because this Azure subscription is a new one which was created after the November 2023. I just created it now, like in November or December 2024. So that's why everything looks okay. But if you have a older subscription, you may not have your meta stores created and your workspace might not be attached to the meta store. In that case, you will have to create a meta store and attach the workspace. And I'll show you that with another subscription that I have, which was created prior to November 2023. Let me bring that over. And as you can see here, I have multiple workspaces, but there is a workspace on the UK West region. That's the first one you're seeing here which is called Dia cost AWS. And that's not attached to a Metastore. And this is what you will see if you have a Databricks workspace which is not attached to a Metastore. And I need to create a Metastore and attach this workspace to that Metastore. And that's what I'm going to do. So if you have a workspace which is not attached to a metastore, please follow the instructions that I'm going to give you from now. But if you have a subscription similar to the one I showed you previously, where the Metastore is created and your workspace is attached to the Metastore, please ignore these steps. You don't have to follow these, but please watch the video so that you know how to create a Metastore. So let me navigate to the catalog and as you can see, I already have a Metastore which was created in the UK South region, but I want to create one in UK West and attach that workspace that I showed you to this metastore. So in order to create the Metastore, you simply go to create Metastore. You need to start with a name here I'm going to call mine as Metastore underscore Azure underscore UK West because this metastore is going to be in the UK West region. As I said multiple times, your metastore and the workspace has to exist in the same region. Here my workspace is in the UK West region. That's why I'm creating the Metastore in the UK West region as well. So let me pick the region. I'm going to select UK West as I said, and you got a couple of other options here. The first one is ADLs Gen two path. As I said before, this is the default storage for a Metastore. It's not really recommended to have a default storage for the Metastore. That's because any catalog you create within the Metastore is going to write the data into this location. This could become a dumping ground or a swamp in a data lake if you're using the same storage for everything, but instead you should really have strict separation of storage across the catalogs and the environments so that your data is separated based on your catalogs, and you can efficiently do your capacity planning. And you can look to see how much data is stored in each of the catalogs and all of that kind of things. So I don't encourage you to set a default storage for your metastore. So we're going to leave that as blank. You can see the Databricks recommendation here as well as you can see. And if you have a ADLs Gen two path you'll have to have an access connector ID as well. But if not, you don't have to have one of those. In this case, we are not going to have a default storage. We're going to leave that as blank. So we'll leave the access connector ID as blank as well. So let me click create. And as you can see the Metastore is now created. And we need to assign a workspace. You can either assign it here or you can go back to the catalog and then assign it there. But let me assign the workspace. As we said we're going to assign the workspace DEA xx, which is in the UK West region, to the metastore we just created. So I'm going to simply select that and let's click assign. And Databricks will tell you the effects of enabling a unity catalog Metastore to a workspace. That's what is in. That's what is written here. And let me click enable. And now that workspace is assigned to a unity catalog Metastore that we've successfully created the Databricks Unity Catalog Metastore. And assign that to the Databricks workspace. But there is one more thing to do before we finish. As you may remember, we created a new user to log in to our account console, but we use a different user to log in to our Databricks workspace. But now the user that you are using to log in to the Databricks workspace might not have permissions required on the Metastore. As you can see here, the Metastore admin on the Metastore is the new user that we created, but we need to assign the other user as the Metastore admin user, which is your usual user you normally use to log in to your Azure portal. That user will have all the required permissions. In order to do that, you simply have to click edit here, and you need to type in the email address of that user and then click save. Or if you want to give the Metastore admin privileges to all the users on this Databricks account, you can simply type in all users here, all account users, and then click save. I'm going to simply type in all account users because this is just an account that I'm using for learning purposes, so it's okay. But if you're in a production environment, you wouldn't want to do that. You want to assign a specific user as the Metastore admin. But for learning purposes this is okay. So I'm going to simply use all account users here and click save. And that's everything we needed to do. And that's the end of this lesson I'll see you in the next one.