Welcome back. By now, you will be familiar with the Databricks cluster configurations from the earlier lessons, but there are some important things you need to bear in mind when you're creating clusters to work with. Unity catalog. I'll take you through those differences in this lesson, and we'll ensure that the cluster we've created can work with Unity Catalog. Let's switch over to the Databricks workspace and get started. Here we are in the Databricks workspace. Now let's go over to the compute menu and select the cluster that we created. And let's click on edit to edit the configurations. As I said before, you must be familiar with all the configurations from the earlier section of the course, so I won't repeat explaining all the configurations and just highlight the ones which are different when you're working with Unity Catalog. Firstly, as you may see from the summary, you get to know whether the cluster you are creating can access Unity Catalog. So please ensure that the summary tells you that your cluster supports unity catalog. There are three other important configurations which decides whether your cluster can access the Unity Catalog. The first one is the Databricks Runtime. Databricks recommends using runtime version 11.3 onwards to work with Unity catalog. Let's select an earlier version. I'm going to select 9.1. As you can see, the summary tells you that it doesn't support Unity Catalog, so you can't use 9.1. But if you select 10.4, you will see unity catalog. But Databricks is recommendation is to use the runtime version 11.3 onwards. So please stick to that. And the other configuration is the access mode. As we saw previously single mode shared and no isolation shared or the access modes. But no isolation shared doesn't support Unity Catalog as you can see in the summary. Now the Unity catalog has disappeared, so it doesn't have support for Unity Catalog. so please don't use no isolation shed and choose between single user and shared depending on your requirements. And the other option is the credential pass through. So if you enable credential pass through the cluster won't be able to support Unity Catalog as you can see in the summary. So if your workspace is enabled with Unity Catalog, please refrain from using credential pass through. And also credential pass through is slowly going to be deprecated from Databricks. So I would say please don't use credential pass through for any future projects. So let me untick that as well. And again just to summarize, the three configurations we are interested in are the access mode, a single user Databricks runtime version as a 11.3 or higher. I'm going to go for 15.4, which is the latest version available. And the other option is the credential pass through. You should keep the Unticked. So these are the three things you need to be aware of. And if you have all three configurations right. And if you're still not seeing unity catalog, in summary, there can be only two reasons. The first one is that the workspace that you're working with has not been enabled with Unity Catalog. So please ensure that it is enabled with Unity Catalog. Or you had created the cluster before enabling Unity Catalog and now you have enabled Unity Catalog. In that case, just come into the cluster, edit the cluster and just switch between the access modes. And then you will be able to see Unity Catalog in the summary. I hope that helps, but please ensure that the cluster supports Unity Catalog before you proceed further. And once you made those changes, please click confirm to save all the configuration changes we've made. And you can simply click on start to start your cluster. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.