Welcome back. Now that we have created the Unity Catalog, Metastore, let's take a look at how to read and write data from the cloud storage. As we discussed, we do not want to assign a default storage for the entire Metastore, because that may result in all the data for the Metastore being written to a single container, which makes it harder to maintain. Instead, we want to assign specific storage containers for each of the catalogs or even schemas within the catalogs. In order to do that, we need to create the Unity Catalog objects. Storage credential and external location. Storage credential is simply an authentication authorization mechanism for accessing the data stored in the Azure storage on behalf of the users. It can be created with the managed identity or a service principal. If you are new to Azure Managed Identity and Service Principal or just mechanisms for authenticating and authorizing Azure resources securely without needing to manage the credentials manually. External location simply combines the storage credential with the cloud storage container to gain access to the specific container in the cloud storage. We can create as many external locations as we need for the catalogs. Also, we can create subfolders within the container. The external location refers to and assign them for each of the catalogs or schemas. This way, the data for each of the catalogs or schemas can be kept separate and organized. Let's now take a look at how to implement access to a cloud storage using the Unity Catalog objects, storage, credential and external location. As we said, we can create a storage credential using a managed identity or a service principal to make it even easier. Azure offers a first party service called Access Connector for Databricks, which lets us connect a managed identity to a Databricks account. It's very simple to implement, so we'll use that. Once we create the access connector we need to assign the role storage blob data contributor to the access connector for the data lake so that the access connector can access the data lake. We'll then create the storage credential using the access connector information. With that, the storage credential will also be able to access the data lake via the access connector. We then need to create the external location. As we said, external location is an object that combines storage credential and the ADLs storage container. So when an user references the external location, Unity catalog knows which storage credential to use for access, and if the storage credential has access to the storage account, the authentication succeeds. You can apply access control to both storage credential and the external location. This lets the administrators manage access to the storage at a more granular level. If an user doesn't have access to the storage credential or the external location, the request fails and Unity Catalog doesn't attempt to authenticate. That's everything you need to know. But please note that unfortunately, the keyword external has slightly different meaning in different places in Databricks. In the case of external location, external simply refers to a storage other than the default storage attached to the metastore. I appreciate that was a lot of information to take in by implementing. This is quite simple. So let's summarize the steps we need to carry out to implement this. First we need to create the access connector. You may already have one in your subscription created by Databricks by default. You can either use that or create a new one. I'm going to create a new one just for this part of the course to keep it separate. It's best to keep it separate so that you can manage access separately if required. Next, we need to create an Azure Data Lake storage account. Again, you may already have a data lake in your subscription already created by Databricks, but Databricks manages access to that storage account, so we won't use that. Instead, we will create a new one for which we'll have full access. We then need to assign the storage blob data contributor role on the data lake to the access connector. Next we need to create the storage credential using the access connector information. With that we would have completed everything to do with the storage credential. Next we need to create the external location. We'll then be able to access the data in the storage account via the external location and the storage credential. As we are creating these resources ourselves via the owners, and we will have full access to the storage, credential, external location, etc. but if you want to grant access to the rest of the team, you can do that as well. Hope you now have a good understanding about how to access external locations via Unity Catalog. And that's the end of this lesson. We'll put this into practice in the next lesson.