Welcome back. Now that we understand how to configure access to an Azure Data Lake storage container via Unity Catalog, let's switch over to the Azure portal and try and implement this solution. Here we are in the Azure portal. The first step for us is to create an access connector for Azure Databricks. So let's do that. And in order to create an access connector you go over to the top left menu and click create a Resource and search for Access Connector for Azure Databricks. And let's select that and click create. I'm going to use the same resource group that we've been using which is the DEA cos org. So everything for this course is in the same resource group. And let's give a name for our access connector. I've used the name DEA course ext AC ext here represents that it's an external storage rather than the default storage which is attached to the Metastore and AC. Here stands for Access Connector. And we need to select a region. I'm going to go for the one which is closest to me, which is UK South and let's click next. You can give any tags you want to give here. And let's click next to manage the identity. As you can see it's picked the system assigned managed identity. And that's the one selected by default which is good enough for us. And let's click Review Plus Create. And let's click create. That's now created. The second step is to create the Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 account. So again go over to the top left and click create a Resource. And this time search for storage Account and select this one here which is the green icon storage account. And let's click create. And again I'm going to pick the same resource group which is D equals RG. And we need the storage account name. Storage account names have to be alphanumeric. You can't have hyphens or underscores. So please be careful about that. And again I'm going to use the name d x e x t d l. Again the XT here stands for external and DL stands for Delta. Sorry, Delta Lake and the region is UK South, which is fine for me. And you can leave the primary service as blank here. And the performance, we just simply need standard performance for our development purposes and redundancy. Again you don't need a geo redundant storage. We can pick a locally redundant storage which is cheaper. And let's click next. And the option here which is hierarchical namespace is quite important. Enabling hierarchical namespace is what makes a storage account as a data lake storage or Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 account. So please ensure that you've selected this and everything else can be default. So let's click Review Plus Create here. And let's click create. The storage account is now created. Let's let me click on go to resource to go to the storage account. So we now have a storage account and an access connector. And the third step is to give the access connector storage blob data contributor role on the storage account so that the access connector can access the storage account. So that's what we want to do. In order to give the role you need to go to access control here or IAM. So let me click on IAM and you can simply click on add here to add a role assignment. So select Add Role Assignment from the menu. And now search for Blob Data Contributor from the search box here. And this is the storage blob Data contributor role. That's the one we want to assign. So let's select that. And then let's click next. And we want to assign that to the access connector. So as we know the access connector is basically a managed identity behind the scenes. So let's select managed identity here as the assign access to. And then let's click on the select members under Their members and go over to the window on the right and under managed identity, you will be able to see a group called Access Connector for data. Azure Databricks. So let's select that. And we've got two access connectors. One's created by us. One's created by Databricks by default. Let's ignore the other one. Some of you might not have the second one. That's because your subscriptions were created before November 2023, and the default behavior is slightly different. But in any case, ignore the one which is already there and pick the one which we've created, which is dea cos xt AC. And let's click select. And now click on Review Plus assign. And again click on Review Plus assign to assign the role. So now the access connector has the storage blob data contributor role on the storage account. Let's see that you can go over to the Role Assignments tab here. And as you can see at the bottom the access connector has got the storage blob data contributor role on the storage account here, which is direct DL. That's brilliant. We've completed the step three with that. Now the next step we want to do is to create the storage credential. In order to create a storage credential. You can do that from Databricks CLI. Or you can do that from the Databricks Workspace user interface. Let's do that from the user interface. You simply have to navigate to the Catalog Explorer via the catalog menu in the sidebar, and then click on External Data on the top here and navigate to credentials tab here. And this is where you will see all the storage credentials. And you can simply click on the create credential to create a new one. I already have one here that's created by default for me by Databricks. Some of you might not have it, but don't worry about that. It doesn't really matter. We're going to create a new one for this course. So let's click on Create Credential. and we need to complete the form here to create the credential. Let me quickly tell you what a storage credential is. A storage credential is a Databricks Unity catalog object, which is a credential. But underneath it is a access connector. Underneath the access connector is the managed identity. Eventually it's just a managed identity which has been wrapped twice, once by the access connector and another time by the Unity Catalog Storage credential object. So the only reason we are creating a storage credential here is because Unity Catalog only knows about the storage credential. It doesn't know about a managed identity. So we are simply wrapping the managed identity into a storage credential. So that that credential, which is like a user, can be used to access our storage account. As you may remember, we gave access to our storage account for the access connector. So the managed identity already has the required access to our storage account. But now we're going to simply wrap that in the storage credential. So eventually storage credential will have the same access which is the storage blob data contributor access to our storage account. Let's do that. As we said it's a managed identity credential type. And we need to give a name for the credential. So let's do that. I'm using the same naming standards which is D a cos and then external for NXT and then SC for storage credential. The next thing is our access connector ID. So we need to give the ID of the access connector here because we are wrapping the access connector into the storage credential. So let's go over to the Azure portal and grab the ID for us. So let me go over to the Azure portal and let me find my access connector. So I'm going to simply search on the top. And that's Access connector for Azure Databricks. And this is the one that we created. This is the one that we want to use. So let me click on that. And you will be able to find the resource ID on the right here. Or you can also go over to settings. And then under properties. You will see the ID here as well. Simply copy this ID I'm going to simply copy that and go over to the Catalog Explorer again and just simply paste it here. So now we've given the Access Connector ID and you can leave the others as blank because we are not using the user assigned managed identity. And you can give a comment if you want it. And let's click create. And that's now created the storage credential for us. So if I click on credentials I'll see our newly created storage credential alongside the one which was already there. So the next thing is to create the external location. You can simply create the external location from here by clicking on Create External location. But generally I tend to keep that in scripts or notebooks so that I can repeat what I'm doing across different environments. You can use SQL to create an external location, similar to creating tables or databases and things like that. So let's programmatically do that. In order to do that, I've created a notebook. So let me go over to my workspace and under the course under the folder de unit catalog I've got a new notebook now which is called Configure Access to Cloud Storage. And this is the one we're going to use to create the external location. Before we create the external location, let's try and access our cloud storage and see what error message we get. And then we'll create the external location. And the error should go away. And we should be able to read data from the external location. Let's do that. So I'm going to simply do percentage fs ls command. So this is the file system Databricks utility that we are accessing to list the container within the Azure Data Lake storage. So let's create a container first. As you may remember we haven't created any container. So let's go over to Azure Portal. And let's go over to the data lake, and in order to create the container, you can either go to storage browser or under data storage you will see containers. So let me go over to containers here and let's click on container. And I'm going to simply call the container as demo. And let's click create. So we have a container called demo within our storage account called DEA cost DL. And that's the one we're going to try and access. And if it doesn't work or it shouldn't work, and we'll create an external location and we'll try and access that again. And we should be able to access the container after that. So let's do that. I'm going to go over to my notebook again and I've got percentage fsl's. Let's give the URL for our container. We're going to use the APFs protocol. So it will be ab fs colon slash slash. And then we need the container name which is demo at. We need the storage account name which is d a cos XD dl cdl.dfs.co dot windows dot net. Let's do that. And let me execute this command. And as you can see here we got failure saying invalid configuration value detected for the account key. So that indicates that we don't have access to the storage account container. But by creating the external location we will be able to access that storage account container. So let's create the external location. As I said we are going to use SQL to do that. And here is the documentation for creating external location. So let me copy the syntax here and then I'll talk you through that. So let me paste it here. And the command starts with create external location. And you can include if not exist. So it will only create if it already doesn't exist. And we need a name for the location name. So I'm going to use the name as DEA course txt dl demo. So let me do that. All I've done simply is the storage account name here, and then the container name here. So you come up with some kind of standard whenever you're working on it, so that you don't have any clashes between names and things like that. And also it's a bit obvious when you look at the storage account or the external location name to find out what storage account it's referring to. So I've got the storage account name and the container name concatenated together as the external location name. So now we need the URL. We already have the URL here. So let me copy and paste that underneath. And we need the storage credential name. So let me go over to the Catalog Explorer and copy the storage credential name. And that's this one here which is da course txt SC let me copy that and go over and paste it here. And you can have a comment if you wanted to have it here. So I'm going to simply put a comment here. So that's everything you need to do. And then let me execute this statement now. And the external location is now created. If you go over to Catalog Explorer you will be able to see that. Let me go over to Catalog Explorer here. And under external location you will be able to see another external location. So that's very good. Now let's check to see whether we can access that storage account from our Databricks notebooks. So let me go over to my notebook again and let me execute this command which is to list the container. So let me click okay. And as you can see the list command has succeeded. And we are able to list the contents of this container here. So we got just a okay rather than the list of files. That's because we got no files in our container. We simply created a container. With that, we've successfully configured access to another cloud storage via unit catalog from Databricks. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.