So now, lets have a summary of all the security services that we've seen so far in this course. So we have IAM users, and this is a user with an IAM. It's usually mapped to a physical user and it has a password for the console. IAM groups are containing users only, and it's a way to group users. And IAM policies is a document with the JSON format that will outline the permission for the users or for the groups. An IAM role is a role for a service. For example, an EC2 instance or any AWS service such as, for example, Amazon Bedrock, which is using roles to, for example, allow agents to perform what they need to perform. The EC2 instance is a server, so it's made of an OS and AMI. Instance sizes, so CPU, RAM, we've seen that there is a GPU type of instances for EC2 instances. It has storage, security group for network access control, and user data to define how these EC2 instances can come with some things already installed on them. Lambda is a way for you to run code in the cloud in a serverless fashion. So it's a function as a service, seamless scaling, and it's used for automations into many things in the AI world. Now, VPC Endpoints are powered by AWS PrivateLink and it allow you to provide private access to some services within the VPC. So that means that the network never leaves AWS. There's an exception to this. It's the Amazon S3 service, for it to be private, in terms of network traffic, you could use an S3 Gateway Endpoints. Now we have Macie. Macie is a way for you to find sensitive data, such as PII data, stored in Amazon S3 buckets, which could be very handy to do before, for example, training a gen AI model. So you want to clean the data before you actually train a model on this data. Config is to track the configuration changes and the complaints against some rules you may set. Inspector is to find software vulnerabilities in an EC2, in ECR images and Lambda functions. CloudTrail is to track API calls made by users within the accounts for any kind of service on AWS. Artifact gets you access to complaint reports. such as PCI, ISO and so on. And Trusted Advisors gives you insights and also tells you which support plan is adapted to your needs. Now if we look at Bedrock, for example, IAM with Bedrock is going to be used to perform identity verification for users and resource level access control. You will define in IAM the roles and the permissions to users so they can access Bedrock resources. For example, data scientists and so on. GuardRails for Bedrock is used to restrict topics directly from within the GenAI application, filter harmful contents and ensure compliance with safety policies by analyzing user inputs. If you use CloudTrail now with Bedrock, you're going to see within CloudTrail, all the API calls that your users, for example, from within IAM, made to Amazon Bedrock. For config with Bedrock, we're going to look at all the configuration changes within Amazon Bedrock, for example, how you configured and changed a knowledge base over time. And if you look at PrivateLink with Amazon Bedrock, this is a way for you to keep all the API calls made to Amazon Bedrock private within your VPC. So that's it for the summary. Hopefully that puts things in perspective. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.