So here are a few security scenarios that can come up in the exam. For example, Amazon Bedrock must access an encrypted S3 bucket. So, for example, say we want to customize a model, we wanna fine tune it, so therefore we must access custom model data that is going to be stored in Amazon S3. But Amazon S3 has different levels of security and encryption and for example, we can encrypt Amazon S3 with KMS, which is key management service and so we define a KMS key and automatically then Amazon S3 will know to encrypt the data with the SSE-KMS type of encryption and so all the data is going to be encrypted onto Amazon S3. I'm keeping it as simple as possible on this one. So how can we make Amazon Bedrock access the encrypted data on Amazon S3? Well, Bedrock have the ability to have IM Roles and so we can assign an IAM Role to the customization job, the fine tuning job, and we need to make sure that the IM Role has access number one to Amazon S3 to allow Amazon Bedrock to access our data in Amazon S3. But because our data is encrypted, we must also give access from the IM Role to the KMS key with the decrypt permission. And so therefore, because now our Bedrock job will have an IAM Role that allows both access to Amazon S3 and to decrypt the data on it because it has access to the key, then we should be able to pull the data out of S3 and use it for our customized model. So this is an exam question that can come up. Also, for example, we've seen this before, but we deploy a SageMaker model in your VPC and we want to access data on Amazon S3 but all of this privately. Well the SageMaker resources such as, for example, notebooks or training jobs or hosted endpoints can be in our VPC and so therefore, if we want to access everything privately, we need to use a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3, which may have a security with a security group, this is network security, and also may have an endpoint policy. This is a way for you to regulate access through IAM permissions to your VPC endpoints and finally, your SageMaker notebooks or jobs or hosted endpoints may have access to an IAM Role, which allows access to the VPC endpoint itself. So a lot of moving pieces for security, but we should remember out of it is that always IAM Roles are used to access specific AWS resources and also VPC endpoints are used to access privately some AWS services. So the same song now. So we have an application in a private subnet and Bedrock has a model and we want to access it privately. Again, we have a VPC endpoint for Amazon Bedrock using PrivateLink with again, Security Group and Endpoint Policy and if everything is set up correctly, then our application should be able to access our Bedrock model directly through this VPC Endpoints. Also, how do we have Bedrock access analysis with CloudTrail? So here is a common exam scenario in which we want to be able to see if users are authorized or not to access Bedrock and if they're trying to access Bedrock if they're unauthorized. So first the good use case. So we have Bedrock, we have a user and CloudTrail and the user has the correct permissions to access Amazon Bedrock. It's going to use the Amazon Bedrock service and for example, we go on the custom models page and automatically we're going to invoke, behind the scenes, the list custom models API. So Amazon Bedrock is going to send every single API call it receives to CloudTrail as a CloudTrail event and so here the Bedrock list custom models API is going to be sent to CloudTrail, which is going to generate an event and so we'll see that the user A did try to invoke successfully the list custom models API. Now what happens if user B does not have access to Amazon Bedrock? So it tries to do the exact same thing. It goes on the Bedrock console and automatically the web browser will invoke the list Customs Model API and it's been denied because we don't have the correct IM permissions. But still Amazon Bedrock is still going to send a CloudTrail event into Amazon CloudTrail in which we will see that the user B has been denied the Bedrock list custom models API. And so therefore, CloudTrail is used to get a list of all the API calls made into Bedrock regardless if they've been accepted or not and it's a good way for you to see which users are trying to gain access to Bedrock by using Amazon CloudTrail and analyzing the denied access for specific APIs. So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it and I hope security makes a lot more sense now in AWS and I will see you in the next lecture.