So now let's do a deep dive into how KMS really works for the encrypt and decrypt APIs as well as for envelope encryption. So what we did is that we had a secret, for example, a password, and it was less than four kilobytes, because this is a limit for KMS, and we sent it into the KMS service. So we use the encrypt API using an SDK or the CLI, and then we specified the CMK we wanted to use in KMS. And then KMS was checking with IAM if we had the right permissions. And if we did, then it would perform encryption for us. What KMS will send us back would be the entirely encrypted secret. So that will be the encrypted data. Then we need to decrypt it. So we use the CLI or the SDK to do a decrypt API. And then we would, KMS would automatically actually, understand which CMK was used for encryption and look at it for performing decryption. It would first check with IAM to make sure that we have the correct permissions to perform the decryption. And if we do, then it would send us via decrypted secret in plain-text. So this is the encrypt and the decrypt API and these are pretty easy. So as we can see though there is a problem, we are limited by the size of the secret to four kilobytes. So for this we have a loop encryption. So if you want to encrypt over four kilobytes, then there's this technique where you encrypt using an envelope. And the main API you have to remember for us to encrypt a large number, large amount of data is to use the GenerateDataKey API. So from an exam perspective, if you want it to just stop here in this lecture, anything over four kilobytes of data has to be encrypted using the envelope encryption technique, which corresponds to the KMS GeneratDataKey API. Now I want you to go over the exam. So I want to explain to you how this API works and I think this could be valuable, but rest assured this is a little bit difficult. So if you don't follow, don't worry too much. So we're going to go into envelope encryption. So we have the KMS service, and this time we want to encrypt a very big file. Maybe it is up to 10 megabytes, but it could be as big as you want, really. So we're going to use the SDK, and call the GenerateDataKey API, and we'll specify a CMK, and so KMS will check again the IAM permission, making sure we can generate a data key. And if we can, then KMS will generate this data key for us, and will send us back a plain-text version of it. So we have a plain-text data key encryption, data ecryption key, which is DEK. So now we have this data encryption key, but why do we have it? Well, because now we can do something client side. We can encrypt the big file client side using our own CPU with this DEK. So this gives us an encrypted file. And then, actually, we're going to build an envelope around it, which is the final file. So we will build an envelope and what do we put in this envelope? Then we'll put an encrypted version of the DEK, and actually KMS will also send us this. So when we call the GenerateDataKey API, it sends us both the plain-text DEK and the encrypted DEK. And so we store these two things into one final file. And this is why it's called envelope encryption. Because there is a wrapper around your encrypted file with the encrypted DEK. So as we can see in this example, from KMS the only thing we got was an encryption key, a data key and a data key that was encrypted. And all the work for the encryption of that file happened client side. So now how do we decrypt that envelope? So to do so we come back from this envelope file, which contains the encrypted DEK and the encrypted file. And we're going to leverage KMS obviously one more time. So this time we're going to call the decrypt API. So with a decrypt API we can only pass up to four kilobytes of data. So what we're going to decrypt in this instance is going to be the data encryption key, so the DEK. So I'll pass through KMS, we'll check the IAM permissions. And if everything is good with KMS, we're able to decrypt that DEK. So now we get the plain-text DEK. And with this plain-text DEK, we can look at the encrypted file and the plain-text DEK and decrypt it together, client side. And here we go, we have a decrypted big file. So the whole purpose of this envelope encryption technique is to use KMS for what it's good at, which is to generate keys, and then the whole encryption and decryption happens client side. So this is complicated to implement, and so as such, AWS has implemented envelope encryption for us. And for this we can leverage the AWS encryption SDK. So this also exists as a CLI tool that we can install. And there are SDK implementation for Java, Python, C and JavaScript. And so on top of implementing this encryption pattern that I just showed you, this encryption SDK has a feature called data key caching. So in this example, instead of recreating a new data key every time we want to encrypt an object, we can reuse them instead. And so the idea with reusing data keys is that you have less calls into KMS. So you are doing less API calls and it's less expensive. But there is a security trade-off because now you're using the same data key encryption, data encryption key for many different files. So it's a trade-off between your security and your API calls. But in practice this is still used. So if you're using data key caching, then you would use something called a LocalCryptoMaterialsCache, which has a long name, to indicate how big the cache of this data key should be. And it could be that you define the max age of your key, the max number of bytes that it should encrypt, or the max number of messages that should be encrypted by this DEK before moving on to the next DEK. So this encryption SDK is extremely helpful. Now from an exam perspective, what do we need to remember? We need to remember the name of the symmetric APIs. So the first one is encrypt, to encrypt up to four kilobytes of data through KMS. The second one is GenerateDataKey, and this will generate a unique symmetric data key or DEK, and this API will do two things, it will return to us a plain-text copy of the data key and it will return to us an encrypted version of the data key with the CMK that we specify. And this is what we've used during the envelope encryption. There's another API called GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext and this time it's to generate again a GEK, but not to use right now, it's to use at some point in the future. And so as such, this DEK is the same, it's also encrypted using this CMK we specify, but if you use it, we must decrypted afterwards, which is one extra step. So the exam will try to trick you to perform envelope encryption right now, you need to use GenerateDataKey API not GenerateDataKeyWithoutPlaintext. And then to decrypt anything, you need to use the decrypt API. So to decrypt up to four kilobytes of data, including an envelope encryption to decrypt the data key, the data encryption key. And finally, if you want it to generate a random number, then you have the API called GenerateRandom that will return a random byte string. So that's it for this lecture. I hope that was helpful to you and I will see you in the next lecture.