Now let's talk about KMS key deletion. So you can delete the generated keys, they are keys created from within KMS in which case these keys, when you create them, they have no expiration dates and you cannot immediately delete them. Instead, you need to delete and then they will have a seven to 30 days waiting period for your key to be deleted. During this waiting period, you can cancel the key deletion at any time and during the waiting period if you try to use the KMS key for encrypt or decrypt operation, you're going to get a failure. At the end of the waiting period, everything is going to be deleted, so the KMS key and the key material. Instead of deleting the key, you may choose to disable it as well and when you disable it, it just happens immediately but you can re-enable the key later on. If you have imported keys from outside the KMS, then you may set an expiration period on the key so that automatically it will expire. Then if you do do that then KMS will delete the key material or if you choose to do so you can delete the key material on demand. What's going to happen is that even if you delete the key material, then the metadata is going to be kept and you can reimport the key material in the future. You may also choose to disable the key entirely and schedule for deletion, which is going to delete both the key metadata and the key material. Finally, for the AWS managed keys or the AWS owned keys, they cannot be deleted. So how can we detect if a key being deleted is actually being used? Well, with a combination of CloudTrail, CloudWatch Logs, CloudWatch Alarms and SNS, you can be notified when there is someone tries to use a KMS key that's in the pending deletion state for any cryptographic operations such as encrypt or decrypt. How does that work? Well, we have a KMS key. It's pending deletion, and then a user will try to do encrypt or decrypt. Of course, this API call will not work because we are in the pending deletion state, but this API call is still going to be logged by CloudTrail. Then it will be denied in CloudTrail, and we can from CloudTrail send all the API calls to CloudWatch Logs where we can set up a metric filter to look for is pending deletion. Then this will transform into a CloudWatch Alarm and this CloudWatch Alarm, if it has a positive value, can send an alert into an Amazon SNS topic. So there's another way to get notifications of keys being deleted or disabled, this is to use CloudTrail and EventBridge. So the use case is a little bit different. This time, we want to know whenever a user is going to do the API call to either disable a key or schedule a key deletion because this may be very bad actions if then KMS cannot be used and if they're not done properly. So whenever we are doing such an API call through CloudTrail integration we have an event of that API call in Amazon EventBridge. So we will trigger, for example an SNS topic to send an email to administrator, or if we wanted to completely disable this we may want to revert the disabled key operation or the schedule key deletion operation. Thanks to systems manager automation, you should run a AWS config remediation, cancel key deletion so that's the key is back to normal. This is when you know that you're for sure never want to delete any KMS keys. Now, in case of a KMS multi region key, how does that work? Well, first you need to delete the replica keys which is less risky because it can always be recreated from the primary key and you must also, for these keys, schedule your deletions so seven to 30 day waiting period. And then when this waiting period is over, then you can delete the primary key. So the primary key can only be deleted if all the replicas have been deleted. And then if you prefer to delete the primary but keep a replica, what you must do first is to take one of these replicas and then you're going to promote it as primary, and then you delete the old primary. And again, deleting the primary key must be scheduled and takes, again, seven to 30 days so if you delete first replicas and then you delete the primary key, you have a minimum waiting period of 14 days in total. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.