So let's talk about a concept that you may not be familiar with called the KMS key grants. So KMS key grants allow you to grant access to specific KMS keys that you own to other accounts or IAM users or roles within your accounts. So you may say, well, why don't you use a KMS key policy? Well, there is a reason. It's often used for temporary permissions. So you can be creating a grant for a variety of operations such as encrypt, decrypt, sign, verify, as well as even creating more grants. So these grants are for one KMS key only and one or more IAM Principal. So you say, hey, I grant this KMS key to these three users. And once granted, a principle can perform any operation as specified in the grant. So it's like your key permissions are definitely ruled by your KMS key policy and also any KMS key grant you may have defined on top. These grants that do not expire automatically, you must delete them manually. But the benefit of using a grant is that you do not need to change your KMS key policy or the IAM policy, you just define the grant and you're good to go. So how do you go about creating a KMS key grant while you use the CLI for this? And this is the kind of CLI command you need to use. Don't remember it. But as you can see, the key grant is applying to a specific key ID. Then we define a grantee principle. So who can use it? What is the operations that are allowed as part of this grant? And then what are the constraints? So after you're done using a key grant, you must delete it so that, of course, people don't have lingering permissions. For now, as far as I know, there's no support of KMS key grants in the console, so API calls only. So why do we have key grants in the first place where it seems like it's kind of duplicating the role of, well, key policies? Well, it turns out that AWS is using key grants all the time and you may have seen grants sometimes in your KMS key policies. So why? Well, we grant AWS services the right to use the KMS key to encrypt your own data at rest. And so the service that will use the key will create a grant on behalf of a user, and then it will leverage your permissions and retire the grant as soon as that is complete. So this is how services are allowed to use your KMS key is because you create a grant behind the scene and your service has the right to use your key. So to allow a service to use your KMS key, you must have the CreateGrant IAM permissions. So when you start at EC2 instance and its Route EBS volume is encrypted, behind the scenes what's going to happen is that Amazon EBS is going to create a grant, and then thanks to this grant, is going to be able to decrypt the Root EBS volume and to encrypt it as well. So this is the behind the scene usage of KMS. So let's have a look at a custom KMS key policy. So if we look at it, we have CreateGrant, ListGrants and RevokeGrant. So that is granted to a user. And this user has a condition, it can do only these API calls if you grant an AWS resource true. So that means that the user can create a grant only for an AWS service, therefore allowing a service such as Amazon EBS or Amazon EC2 to do encryption, for example, to attach an encrypted EBS volume to an EC2 instance, or Redshift to launch an encrypted cluster, or any service that integrates with KMS and that uses grants to create, manage, or encrypt resources within. So hopefully, that makes sense. So if you have an EC2 instance and it has an encrypted EBS volume and you cannot start it, the reason that that it may fail is, number one, while the KMS key might be disabled or deleted, second, the EBS service might not have the permission required to use the KMS key. So the resolution is, of course, make sure the KMS key exists. And number two, make sure the EBS service has the required permission to create KMS key grants on top on behalf of the specified principle. So this is the kind of permission we'd be looking at. And then this condition, kms:GrantIsForAWSResource, will allow the services to get these grants and to perform their encryption operations. So hopefully that makes sense. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.