So let's have a look at now cross-account access for your KMS key. So let's say we have an account, it has a KMS key, and we have another account with IAM users or IAM roles and they want to access our KMS key. So we have to create a KMS key policy on the account A. And as you can see, underneath the principle, we authorize route of account 123456, which is the accounts B. And by route, we mean the entire account itself. So this grants access to account B for this KMS key. But now, of course, you still have access to your KMS key. Accounts B has to have its own security mechanism. So your IAM user or your IAM role will have an attached policy, and this policy should have all the KMS APIs needed such as encrypt, decrypt, and so on. And the resource should be the KMS key ARN of the accounts A. Then we can encrypt and decrypt files. So it's very simple. That makes sense. It's similar to what we've seen for many cross-account stuff. Now, what if you want to allow not the users to just encrypt and decrypt but the services of the cross-account to access our KMS key. Bit more complicated. So this time, we want, for example, to have an EBS volume that's going to be encrypted with a KMS key belonging in another account. So it's similar. We need to have a KMS key policy, but this time, if you notice it's a little bit bigger because we have the grants. So we have CreateGrants, ListGrants and RevokedGrants. Why? Well, these grants are necessary because they allow us to pass permissions to an annual service to use this key. So thanks to these grants. Then in the IAM policy of the IAM user and role, we need to also have the matching conditions. So CreateGrants, ListGrants and RevokedGrants, But thank these grants, for example, in the IAM user, we can create a grant internally in the backend for the EBS service to encrypt and decrypt volumes. And that's the magic of grants right here. So let's think of a last way to use a KMS key in a cross-account manner. That's through assuming an IAM role. So let's say account A has a KMS key. Well, we just have a very simple KMS key policy, that's a default KMS key policy, allowing anything within the same account to access the key. And let's say we create an IAM role that has the proper IAM role policy to access this one key. Perfect. Then, of course, the role can access the key. This is not a cross-accounts type of setting, but, of course, this role can be assumed by user in another accounts. So there can be a trust policy. And then the IAM user can access the KMS key of accounts A by assuming this IAM role. So we've really seen like the different ways that it's possible for us to do cross-account access for KMS keys. And so when you're sharing a KMS encrypted RDS DB snapshots across accounts, you make sure that you first share the KMS key associated with the target accounts using a key policy. So we have account A in RDS snapshot that's encrypted with your key A. And then we're going to attach a policy again that I just showed you before that allows access to the targets accounts to this key, so we can share the encrypted snapshots. It can be then accessed and then decrypted and will have the DB instance that could be running from a snapshot in another accounts. All right, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.