So now let's talk about asymmetric encryption and how it relates to KMS. So we know that we have symmetric encryption. That's when we use the same key to encrypt and decrypt. But asymmetric encryption is a little bit different because now we have what's called a key pair. And this key pair we've seen before when we were doing for example, SSH, we have a public key and a private key to encrypt and decrypt data. And it turns out that this public key, it can be shared. So this is something you see, for example, with SSH. When we want to trust a specific key, we use the public key or when we want to verify SSL certificates, when we go on the website, again, the public key is shared but the private key is always kept secret as its name indicates. So how does it work? What's the process? Well, let's say Bob creates a private key and a public key and he wants to communicate with Alice securely. What is Bob going to do? Well, Bob is going to send the public key to Alice and this is a safe operation because the public key is public. Alice is going to take a file and is going to encrypt it using the public key. So now the file is encrypted using this public key and it turns out that this public key cannot decrypt the file. The only thing the public key can do is encrypt it. That's why it's called asymmetric. And this file encrypted will be sent to Bob and Bob will receive it. And the only way for Bob to decrypt this file is to use the private key and then the file is decrypted. And this is why it's called asymmetric encryption. So KMS supports three types of asymmetric KMS keys. We have the RSA KMS keys for encryption and decryption or signing verification. We have the ECC KMS keys for signing and verification. We have the SM2 KMS key, that's for China only, to do signing and verification or encryption and decryption. You don't have to remember the details but just so you know, just general knowledge. The private keys, when you create a KMS asymmetric key, they never leave AWS KMS unencrypted so you don't have access to it. Now, how do we do digital signing with KMS asymmetric? Well, digital signing will help you verify the integrity of messages or files sent across systems. So what it means by verify the integrity? Well, we want to make sure that the file has not been tamped with in transit, so no one has included bad data or modified it for whatever reason. So how does that work? Well, the public key is used to verify the signature while the private key is used in the signing process. So how does that work? Well, we have KMS and KMS has a private key and it has a public key. And with our application and we want to securely send a file, but of course, we cannot send this entire file into KMS, that would be too much. Remember, KMS cannot encrypt a lot of data. But what we can do is that we can create a digest of our file. This is a hashing mechanism, which takes the file and returns a very long string that is kind of like the fingerprint of our file. So this digest is small enough to be sent to KMS. So we'll use the sign API call in KMS to do a digest signing, and then when we get back from it is a signature and this signature is sent back to our application. And so the file itself, and the signature, are sent to another application the application B, which takes the file, computes the digest on its own to verify whether or not the digest is the same. And then we use the verify API call. We pass in the signature we had from before and the digest and KMS will say whether or not the file has been tempered with or not. If the digest and the signature are equivalent, then we're good to go. So the use cases for this is document, E-signing, secure messaging, authentication and authorizations token, trusted source code, E-commerce transactions, and so on. So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.