So let's do a quick review of RDS and Aurora Security but you may know already most of this information. So we have at-rest encryption to encrypt the database master and any replicas using KMS. And you must define this at launch time of your database. And if your database master is not encrypted, then the read repicas cannot be encrypted as well. If you want to encrypt an unencrypted database, you have to go through a database snapshot and then you restore it as an encrypted database. You have in-flight encryption so you have TLS-ready databases by default. For this, you just connect using the TLS port and you also use the TLS root certificate from AWS client side to establish this connection. You can use IAM authentication to connect to your database so the IAM roles will be exchanged for credentials and then this allows you to get removed from permanent usernames and passwords, and have tighter security. Access to your database is also managed by security groups. This is from a network perspective, and you cannot SSH onto your RDS databases unless you're using RDS custom where you can have access to the OS of your RDS database. You can send the audit logs of your databases to CloudWatch Logs for longer retention. So for IAM authentication, this works for MariaDB, MySQL and PostgreSQL. You don't need a password, just to make sure you obtain an authentication token directly by using the IAM and the RDS API calls. This token has a lifetime of 15 minutes for authentication but then once you have established a connection, you're good to go. So how does that work? Well, your EC2 instance wants to connect to your RDS database. You're going to attach an IAM role to your EC2 instance. Then you're going to issue API calls to the RDS service to get an authentication token out of it, and then you're going to pass this authentication token on the secure connection with SSL into your RDS database and then you will be connected. So the benefits of this is that your network in and out must be encrypted with SSL. So you have secure connections. You have IAM to centrally manage all your users of your database instead of creating them and managing them from within your database, so it's very handy, and you can leverage IAM roles and EC2 two instances for easy integrations, which streamlines your security. I also want to bring your attention to how to encrypt an unencrypted snapshot of Aurora. So when you have an encrypted database, everything is going to be encrypted, such as your database instances, your snapshot, your logs and your backups. But what happens if it's unencrypted? So you have a database snapshot, it's unencrypted. What you can do is that you can restore this as a database cluster, and this will be encrypted and only then you can create a snapshot that is going to be encrypted from this database cluster. So this is a misconception but if you have an unencrypted database cluster, you cannot create an encrypted snapshot out of it. And if you have an unencrypted snapshot, it's not possible for you to copy this snapshot and encrypt it. The only way to do that is to go by restoring this snapshot as an encrypted Aurora database cluster and then create a snapshot out of it. Okay, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.