So here is a specific lecture for TLS and your network balancer. So if you want to have a TLS listener, you can use it on your NLB. So it will use the server certificate to terminate the TLS traffic and then it will decrypt the front end connections and then they will send it to the targets unencrypted. If you wanna create a TLS listener, you must create a certificate in ACM and then you attach it on your NLB. And even if you have TLS termination on your NLB, with client IP preservation setting enabled, the target instances, we'll still see the source IP address and port as if it comes from your clients. So the diagram is like this. The client, for example, talks to the TLS listener on port 443 of your network load balancer, which has TLS termination enabled because it has a certificate. What's going to happen is that the EC2 instances in your target group are going to see HTTP unencrypted traffic from your network load balancer, and the source IP of that if client IP preservation is enabled is going to be the IP of your client. Now, with this kind of mechanism, because the traffic is terminated at the NLB level from an encryption perspective, then these networks do not support TLS renegotiation, or mutual TLS authentication, mTLS because it has to be done directly by the client with the EC2 instances and not by the NLB. So how do we do this? Well, the option to do this kind of end-to-end encryption is to use a TCP listener, so not an encrypted one but you define it on port 443, even though it's just TCP. And what's going to happen is that all this TCP traffic is going to be passed encrypted to the target without the NLB decrypting it or terminating it. So we don't use a TLS listener, and it is the responsibility of the target group to actually decrypt the traffic. So how does that work? The clients sends encrypted traffic through your NLB but we have a TCP listener this time. Then the same traffic is going to be passed in encrypted to your EC2 instances, which are the one that will be performing TLS termination. And when you have the setting, you support mutual TLS because well, the NLB will pass the traffic as is and then the mutual TLS authentication can be implemented directly on your EC2 instances as targets. So something to know that once you see it in the exam, it would make sense. So I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.