So now let's talk about Nitro Enclaves. So the idea is that sometimes in the cloud you wanna process highly sensitive data, and you wanna process it in an isolated compute environment. So the sensitive data may be, for example, PII data, so personally identifiable information, or healthcare data, financial data, credit card data, whatever you want. And historically, if you wanted to create this very isolated compute environment, you would create a new VPC, you would restrict access to it, you would restrict the networking, and so on, and that would be cumbersome. So instead, what you can use is Nitro Enclaves. Nitro Enclaves are virtual machines that are super isolated. They're hardened and they're highly constrained. So it's not a container, it doesn't have persistent storage, it doesn't have interactive access, you cannot SSH into it. There's no external networking. So it's really, really contained. And the idea is that this is where you want to do your data processing. So by creating a Nitro Enclave you're going to reduce the attack surface for very sensitive data processing apps. On top of it, you can make sure that, thanks to Cryptographic Attestation, only authorized code can be running in your Enclave, and you would sign the code and then only the sign code can be running in your Enclave. And on top of it, you can guarantee, thanks to KMS encryption, that only the Enclaves can access your sensitive data. So the use cases for Nitro Enclaves is whenever you want to do private key processing, processing credit cards, or secure multi-party computation, and so on. So this gives you a highest level amount of security on EC2. So how does that work? Well, you're going to launch a compatible Nitro-based EC2 instance, and you're going to set the 'EnclaveOptions' to 'true' which will allow you to launch from within the EC2 instance, a Nitro Enclave. Then you use a Nitro CLI to convert your app into an Enclave image file, EIF. And then you use this as an input with the Nitro CLI to create an Enclave on your EC2 instance and it will share the VP, the memory, the CPU, and the kernel with the host but it will be very, very isolated within. So if you consider EC2 Hosts on AWS that is running on the Nitro Hypervisor. This is why it's called Nitro Enclave, is because it leverages the Nitro Hypervisor. Then EC2 instance has separation from your Enclave. They can just communicate over a secure local channel, but that's it. And then there will be of course separation from any other instance running on the same host, but you have the guarantee that the Enclave is going to be as secure as I told you before, with a lot of restrictions on it. That's it. You just need to know this concept at a high level. But I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.