Okay, so now let's talk about Aurora, which is going to be a big focus on the exam from an architectural point-of-view. Again, to understand the difference between Aurora RDS and DynamoDB, for example. So Aurora is only for PostgreSQL and MySQL-compatible APIs, and the really cool thing about Aurora is the storage. So it automatically grows by increments of 10 gigabytes up to 256 terabytes. So storage is something you don't have to think about when using Aurora, it's one less constraints on your end. There's six copies of data being made across different AZ, and Aurora by default is going to be a multi-AZ database. In terms of read replicas, you can create up to 15 read replicas and you're going to get a reader endpoint to access them all so you don't need to remember where all your read replicas are. You can just use them from a reader endpoint. You can do cross region read replica, in which case you need to know that the entire database is going to be copied, not just select tables. So this is different from DynamoDB. So if you need to replicate just a single table that you need to create a specific database for that. With Cross-region Replica, it is the entire database that's being copied. And you can have the capability to load or export data directly from or to S3. The idea is that you don't need to use a client application to read the data from Aurora and then add it into S3, or vice versa. It goes directly from Aurora into S3, hence saving you a lot of resources and network costs. There's backup, snapshots, and resource feature, which are the exact same as RDS. Okay, now let's have a look at how Aurora works from an architectural standpoint. So you get six copies of your data across 3 AZ, and four out of the six copies need are needed for writes, and three out of the six copies are needed for reads. There's self-healing with peer-to-peer replication, so you don't need to worry about it. This is Amazon's Web Services engineering behind this that made it possible, and the storage of your database is going to be striped across hundreds of volume, so there's no single point of failure. So here's the idea. We have a shared storage volume that is replicated, self-healing, and auto expanding, and so as as you start inserting data into your Aurora database, it's going to be replicated across six blocks in three different AZ. So here's the blue, here's the orange, and here's your entire database. Then you're gonna get different Aurora there. So in case you have a master, you need to know that the failover for the master happens in less than 30 seconds, so this is quite helpful, and the master is the only database in Aurora that's able to write to the storage. And then you can use the master plus up to 15 Aurora Read Replicas to serve the reads. So you can add as many as the, for example, six or five read replicas in this example to help you enhance the read volume. So the idea here is that you can really have the RDS capability while making sure it's going to be a bit more cloud native, a bit more fast for failovers, in case there's an issue with the master. Now finally, as I said, there is support for cross-region replication for your read replica. So this could be a way for you to create a disaster recovery strategy, and then you would promote that replica into its own region in case there is a global outage in your region itself. Okay, so for your DB cluster, we have this shared storage that has autoexpanding, and we have a writer endpoint. This is going to point directly into the master Aurora database, and then the client, if it talks to the write endpoint, will be redirected to that master, and then we have a bunch of read replicas and they could be autoscaling as well, so it's possible for you to add and remove read replicas over time. And the reader endpoint is going to be used for doing a connection load balancing. And so the client should use the reader endpoint to make sure it's gonna be reading from one of the read replicas in Aurora. Okay, next, let's talk about Aurora endpoints. So an endpoint is the combination of a host address and a port, and you have multiple types of endpoints. You have a cluster endpoint that's a writer endpoint, which allows you to connect to the primary DB instance in your Aurora cluster, that is going to be used for all the right operations. So inserts, update deletes, as well as maybe some queries. Then we have the reader endpoint. And the reader endpoint is going to provide load balancing for read-only connections to all the Aurora replicas in your Aurora cluster. So it's going to be used only for read operations, so queries. And then you can define custom endpoints and these endpoints are a set of database instances that you choose in the Aurora cluster, and they're very helpful when you want to connect to different of database instances with different capacities and configurations, for example, a different DB parameter group. And finally, you have an instance endpoint, which is the endpoint to connect to a specific database instance in the Aurora cluster, which is used when you want to diagnoses a specific DB instance or fine tune one specific DB instance. So for custom endpoints, how they work. So here is represented the writer endpoint as well as the reader endpoints, okay. But say you want to define a subset of Aurora instances as a custom endpoint, in which case you can define a custom endpoint. And as you can see, this endpoint is connected to db.r5.2 x large instances of Amazon Aurora and I have two. So there are more powerful instances, and therefore maybe I wanna use this custom endpoint to run analytical queries on specific replicas. So this would be one of the use cases of this feature. Now the reader endpoint is generally not used once you define custom endpoints because well, you would define custom endpoints for all your database instances. Next, you have Aurora logs, so you can monitor the following logs with Aurora logs. You can define and monitor error logs, slow query logs, general log, and the audit log. So all these log files are created within Aurora and then they can either be downloaded or published to CloudWatch logs. So you will find them as a stream in CloudWatch logs or download them directly on your computer for offline analysis. So if you had to troubleshoot the RDS and the Aurora performance, how would you do it? Well, you can use the performance insights tool. This is going to give you issues in your database happening. So waits, SQL statements, host and users. To make it more simple, for example, if you use performance insights for SQL statements, that means you're going to see right now the SQL queries are going to put some load on your database and you can have a look at them in real time or for users, the users, they're actually doing the most load on your database as well. To see, for example, if a application is misbehaving. The host is going to give you information around which servers are using your database the most, and the waits give you the amount of time your database spent on computations or on networking and sort of thing, so it's lower level type of information. CloudWatch metrics give you basic information around the CPU usage, the memory usage as well, the swap memory usage,. and enhance monitoring can be enabled for your RDS database as well. So you get a lot more information. You get per second metric. You get host level information such as, for example, the top 100 processes running on your database. So this is really when you wanna go deep into the process level stuff on your database. And, of course, if you had to troubleshoot performance, you can also look at the slow query logs. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.