So now let's talk about Aurora Serverless. It's a serverless offering of the Aurora database. That means that there is autoscaling and automated database instantiation based on your actual usage. So it's amazing if you have infrequent, intermittent, or unpredictable workloads. And there is no need for capacity planning. You pay per second, and that can be more cost-effective. So you have the same shared storage volume, and your client just access a proxy fleet managed by Aurora; and automatically, based on your usage, the Aurora is going to scale in the backend for your serverless database. So from a client perspective, you just connect to one endpoint, and the rest is happening sort of magically in the backend, which is great, again, if you don't know how you want to scale, if you want to have zero usage or then 1,000 requests per second the second after: this can be possible with Aurora Serverless. On top of it, Aurora Serverless has the Data API, which allows you to access the Aurora Serverless database without establishing a JDBC connection. The only thing you have is a secure HTTPS endpoint that allows you to run SQL statements. That means that your application does not have to have a complicated persistent database connection managements and so on. So there is just one API to access, and then the API is going to be authorized if the underlying application has the right to access Secrets Manager where the credentials are actually checked. So how does that work? Well, your Aurora Serverless database has a Data API enabled, and then your application does HTTP API calls, passing in SQL statements through this Data API but without providing database credentials. And then the API itself is going to check whether or not the application has enough permissions to access the underlying credentials of the database in Secrets Manager. So there's a transparent allow or deny. And your application, of course, in its IAM policy, must have access to Aurora Serverless, the Data API, but also have access to the underlying secrets in Secrets Manager. Alternatively, if you do want to manage connections, you have RDS Proxy for Aurora. So an Aurora primary instance, as you know, can do read and writes. And so it's possible for you to create an RDS proxy in front of that primary instance, and then have a traditional application architecture; for example, the users talk to the application load balancer, which talks to the Lambda function, and then the RDS proxy. But on top of it, RDS proxy for Aurora has the ability to create a RDS proxy only for the read-only endpoints of Aurora. So only for the Read Replicas. So that means that you have your primary instance that does read and writes, of course, but also Read Replicas 1 and 2 and so on. And you can create an RDS proxy, which is a read-only endpoint for your read-only replicas. And therefore your Lambda functions will have a read-only endpoint that is having the same feature of RDS Proxy but for your Read Replicas. You also have the option to create a global database in Aurora. So if you create cross-region replications, then it's useful for disaster recovery, and it's simple to put in place. But then you can actually use the Aurora Global Database feature, which is the recommended way, in which you define a primary region, which takes reads and writes, and then up to 10 read-only secondary regions. And these are going to be replicated from the primary region. And the guarantee is that the replication lag is less than one second, which is really good performance. So you can get up to then 16 Read Replicas per secondary region. So it really allows you to scale. And the reason you would use a global database would be to be decreasing the latency. On top of it if the primary region goes down, then promoting another region as an RTO of less than one minute. So it's really, really, really helpful. And on top of it, there's one more setting for disaster recovery, is the ability to manage the RPO in Aurora for PostgreSQL through a setting, therefore guaranteeing that you have less lag and so on. So let's have a look. We have applications that read and write to your Aurora database in its primary region, and then you have a secondary region. You have some replication. You can set up again an RPO setting for PostgreSQL version of Aurora, and then other regions can have read-only applications. But for Global Aurora, there's also another feature you need to know about called write forwarding. So this enables actually your secondary database clusters to forward SQL statements that try to perform a write operation on the primary database cluster. So even though only the primary database cluster is accepting writes, your users can try submitting writes to a secondary region for your Aurora Global Database. And then this is going to be forwarded to the primary database cluster. So of course, database, the data is always going to be changed first on the primary database cluster. And then through the replication mechanism already in place, it is going to be replicated to the secondary database cluster. So the writes actually never happen directly on the secondary database cluster. Therefore, the primary database cluster is the one with the always up-to-date copy of all data. So why would you do a write forwarding and not just write straight to the primary database cluster? Well, this has to do with reducing the number of endpoints to manage, because you can tell your applications in other regions to just connect to that secondary region, and they can do read and writes just as they want; and at some point, the write will be forwarded and replicated back, okay? You also need to know how to convert an RDS database into an Aurora database. So the RDS database instance, there are two ways: you can first make a database snapshot, and then from that snapshot, you can straight restore it into an Aurora database instance. So this is good, but in case your applications are still using the main RDS database instance, you're going to have some problem with the replication of the remaining data, or you would have to take the first database down, then take a snapshot, then restore it. But this has the benefits of being quite quick, the snapshot and restore feature. Now, the other option is to create an actual Aurora Read Replica on your RDS database instance. So it is completely possible to create an Aurora Read Replica on an RDS database instance. And this Read Replica is going to be replicated. And when the replication lag is close to zero, you can promote it to its own Aurora database instance and migrate your application from RDS to Aurora. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.