All right. Let's talk about using access points and understanding what they are and why we would use them. Now, access points in S3 are going to provide us with a simple and secure way to start accessing and managing our data. Now, the cool thing about access points is they act as a unique entry point for our S3 bucket, and that really allows us to control access permissions and start applying specific policies for different applications or users. Now, with these access points, you can grant granular permissions, set up fine grained access controls and really start simplifying the authorization process for accessing your bucket. Now, this makes it easier to secure shared data with external partners or applications while also continuing to ensure that your data remains protected. Now, when we think about securing our buckets, complex configurations, talking about bucket policies and all that, well, they can kind of start becoming complex, right? So we have our bucket in our account and say we want to grant access to a user to read some of our objects. Well, naturally, we already know that we would create a bucket policy to do that. Now, say if we continue expanding our use cases for the data in our bucket and we have another user that needs access, maybe these users are in different accounts, maybe they are coming to AWS as different users or different roles. And what we need to do is we need to go ahead and modify our bucket policy again and it starts to becoming a little bit complex and then we add another user or another team or whatever. And our bucket policy again expands. Our bucket policy at this point is starting to get a little bit complex and it's going to be hard to manage as we start adding more and more use cases to our policy. So introducing access points and what we're going to do is learn how access points can really help alleviate this problem. So we have our bucket again and now what we can do in our account is we can go ahead and start creating access points now. We can create access points for individuals or individual applications in order to access our data. And these individuals don't necessarily need to be from our account. We can allow external users access to our bucket using an access point. So again, we've got our users. This user may actually use this specific access point. We've got an access point for this user and an access point for this user. Again, maybe they're from different business partners. Now what we can do on these access points as we can provide fine grained control to what they can access in the bucket using an access policy. Now we can apply the access point policy directly to the access point, right? And that policy only grants that one user access to the bucket. And we can even get more fine grained control to say what they can access inside the bucket. Is it a specific prefix that we allow access to or do we just provide this user access to development data? So it's totally up to you. So again, as we continue adding our access point policies, again, we really minimize what these policies look like and it makes it easier from an operational standpoint to start managing these individual policies versus trying to understand and consume a very large bucket policy and potentially giving access to data that they may not need access to by limiting what we put inside of our access point policy, we can limit that one user access and we can have more fine grained controls around what each individual user or application can access in our bucket. So again, this user may use customer data, this user may want audit logs and the user at the bottom may need access to all objects that have a tag of environment and dev. So using these access policies, we can easily grant access to our data based upon the prefixes or tags. All right. So what are some of the benefits of using an S3 access point? Well, for one, we talked about the policies and we said that you can customize the path to objects inside of a bucket, inside the policy. You can say this user gets access to this prefix or this user gets access to data that's been tagged with this specific tag. So it really makes it easier to control and access our data securely. Another benefit is that each access point creates a unique hostname for accessing our bucket. So each access point is going to create its own special name, which really simplifies accessing our data for individual users. Now we also have this individualized access policy, right? And that specifies permissions for different users or applications. And this helps us ensure that only authorized entities can access our data. Now, access points also give us the ability to choose between private network access from a VPC or. Obtaining permission from the Internet, and that's really depending on your needs. Now, more importantly, using these access points doesn't slow down your requests, right? It doesn't have any impact on performance or latency when accessing your data. And even cooler, there are no extra charges to use this feature. So what are some of the use cases for access points? Well, one important use case for S3 access points is the ability to share large data sets with business partners. Now, when you have an extensive data sets that need to be shared with external collaborators, access points are going to provide you with a secure and really controlled way to grant them access. Now you can create specific access points for each one of your partners and that's going to allow them to directly access the shared data set without really exposing the entire bucket to the Internet. Now, by leveraging these access points, we can enforce granular access policies, and that's going to ensure that each partner only has those necessary permissions to work with a specific data set that they are permitted to work with. We don't want other partners working with data that aren't destined for them. Now, this is going to simplify the data sharing process for us, right? It's going to enhance our security. Of course. It's going to allow for this more efficient collaboration with business partners on these large scale data sets. Now, another important use case for S3 access points is going to be restricting access to buckets from our Vpcs. Now, with access points, you can control and limit access to your buckets, allowing access only from the designated VPC that's designated inside of the policy. Now, this will provide us with an additional layer of security by ensuring that data can only be accessed within the secure VPC. By confining access to our VPC, we're going to reduce our exposure of our S3 buckets to the public Internet and of course, mitigate the risk of any unauthorized access or data breaches. Now, the last thing I want to mention is S3 access points do offer a solution for reducing the complexity of our bucket policies like we saw in the previous slides. Now we know that with traditional bucket policies, managing permissions for all kinds of applications and different users and roles, it can start to become complex and challenging to maintain. From an operational standpoint. These access points are going to simplify this process by allowing us to set individualized access policies directly at the access point level. This will mean that instead of configuring these large bucket policies, you define these access controls to each access point depending on what each user needs access to. Now, one thing I wanted to mention here is that the access points don't always have to be created inside of the account where the bucket lives. In fact, you can actually create Cross-account S3 access points to manage access to shared data stored in another account. So by doing this, you can actually limit what VPC that the request can come from using the access policy. And then that way we can only permit access to certain data that's stored in the bucket. So let's take a look at an example here. So we have an AWS account that has an S3 bucket with some data now maybe in our organization or another organization, right? We've got some other AWS accounts. And inside of the account I have a VPC called VPC. One, two, three, four. Now inside of that VPC, I may have some workloads that need access to our data, but it's in another account and we don't want to go through the whole process of updating our bucket policy to provide access from users or roles in another account. So what we want to do is we want to use an access point inside of the AWS accounts on the right and it's going to provide us access to our data in the bucket. So in this example, the workload that's running in our VPC is going to be able to access the data in our S3 bucket by using the access point URL. So this is accessing data directly using the S3 access point. So in another account, maybe we have the same kind of setup, right? We have a VPC, we have some workloads inside of the VPC, and in this case, maybe this VPC doesn't have internet access, but we still need to provide it access to S3. Well, we can create a VPC endpoint inside of our VPC. And then what's going to happen here is that our workload is now going to get access to our access point through the VPC endpoint. It's still going to use the access point in order to access our data, but in this case it's going to go through a VPC endpoint to get access to the S3 API. Two ways that we can use Cross-account access points in order to provide access to data that lives in one account from other accounts and whether they're our accounts or whether they are external accounts like business partners or something like that. All right. So how do we actually use it? Well, we're going to interact with an S3 access point pretty much the same way as a regular S3 endpoint. So an S3 access point URL looks something like this, right? We have our Arn. We have S3, we have our region that's defined. And this is the region where the access point is created. Then we have the account that's going to own the access point, right? We talked about cross-account access. So we need to signify which account owns the access point and then we're going to indicate the resource type. In this case, it's an access point. Now this is the access point name, right? So when you create an access point, it's going to ask you what name do you want to provide it? So in this case we just called it prod object here is going to indicate the type of resource we're going to access. And of course, at the end we have our object or our key name that lives in our bucket. We are looking to access this customer PDF. This is really the URL that we would use in order to access it rather than using the S3 endpoint directly, we would simply use this URL for the access point. When we are working with access points, our policies are going to look slightly different. Instead of granting users access directly to the bucket. Now our Iam policies need to grant users access to use the access point. So in this case we have a similar policy that we've seen before, but now you can see down here at the bottom the resource is slightly different, right? We're not providing access to the object directly on S3. We're providing access to the object through the access point. Now, in this case, of course, the access point lives in account number one, two, (345) 678-9012. The access point name is prod access point, and then we're going to give it access to all objects that live under the prod prefix. So a little bit differently than our traditional Iam policy where we give access directly to S3. Now we give access to our prod access point. That about wraps up everything about access points. Hopefully you better understand why you would use them, what they are, what you would use them for, and how you can actually use them. So we're going to jump into the AWS management console and I'll showcase how we're going to create our access points and of course add our policies to ensure that our users can consume our data through our access point.