Now let's talk about how do you update an ECS service. And for this we have rolling updates. So when you update an ECS service from v1 to v2, you can control how many tasks will be started and stopped at a time and in which order. So when you have an ECS updates, when you select a new task definition number and you want to update an ECS service, you will have two settings, the minimum healthy percent and the maximum percent. So by default they're one and 200 but let's see what they mean. So your ECS service, for example, this one is running nine tasks represents an actual running capacity of 100%. And then if you set a minimum healthy percent of less than 100, this is going to say, "Hey you're allowed to terminate all the tasks on the right hand side, as long as we have enough tasks to have a percentage over the minimum healthy percent." And in the maximum percent shows you how many new tasks you can create of the version two, to basically roll updates your service. So this is how these two settings would impact your updates. And so you will go ahead, create new tasks, then terminate all tasks and so on. All to make sure that all your tasks are going to be terminated and then updated to a newer version. So let's discuss two scenarios. For example, we have min at 50% and max at 100% and we start with four tasks. In this case, we're going to lose four tasks to be terminated so that we're running at 50% capacity. Then two new tasks are going to be created, okay? Now we're back at 100% capacity. Then two old tasks are going to be terminated, we're back at 50% capacity. And two new tasks are going to be created, we're back at 100 capacity. And we have done a rolling updates. In this case, we have been terminating tasks because we set the minimum to 50% and the maximum to 100%. If we're doing minimum at 100% and maximum at 150% then we start with four tasks. We cannot determine a task because the minimum is 100%. Therefore we can go into create two new tasks and this will bring our capacity to 150%. Then because we are above the minimum 100% we can terminate two old task and we're back at 100%. Then we will create two new tasks and finally, terminates two old tasks. And this will have performed our rolling updates for our ECS service. So just something you should know, if you read lecture going into the exam this could be happening at one question only. All right, that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.