Now let's talk about Amazon ECS Task Definitions, but in depth. So you define them in JSON form but through the console there is a UI to help you create the JSON, and the task definition tells the ECS service, how to run a or multiple Docker containers on ECS. And there is crucial information within your task definition, such as the Image Name, the Port Binding for the Container and the Host, if you're on EC2. The memory and the CPU required for your container. The environment variables, the networking information, the IAM role attached to the task definition, and the login configuration such as, for example, CloudWatch. So there's more information as well but these are the most important and the exam will test you on a few of these. So, I will do a deep dive on some of that in this lecture. So let's take an example. We have an EC2 instance, and because it is registered with an ECS cluster, it has to be running the ECS agent. Next, we're going to run a Docker container through ECS test definition, for example, an Apache HTP server. And we have to expose that server to the internet. Therefore, we are going to define a container port on 80, meaning that on the container , the port 80 is the one that is exposing the HTP server. But then we have also the host port because we are on EC2. If we were on Fargate, that would not be relevant, but we are on EC2. And therefore we need to map this container port to a host port, which is for example, could be 80 but it could be also at 8080. So they don't have to be the same. And then thanks to the host port, then the internet or an external network communication is able to access the EC2 instance, on port 8080, the host port, which is going to be directed to the container port 80, and then will get access to the HTP server. Okay. And you should know that you can define more than one container per task definition. You can define up to 10 containers per task definition. So let's do a deep dive onto first the container port. So if you have load balancing and you're using the EC2 launch type, then you're going to get what's called a Dynamic Host Port Mapping. If you define only the container port and the task definition. Let me explain. So we are running for example, an ECS task, and all of them have the container port set to 80 but the host port set to zero, meaning not set. What's going to happen is that the host port only is represented in this diagram, but the host port is going to be random, is going to be dynamic. And so, each ECS task from within the EC2 instance, is going to be accessible from a different port on the host, the EC2 instance. And therefore, if you define an application of that answer then you may say, well, it is difficult for the ALB to connect to the ECS test because the port is changing. But the ALB when linked to an ECS service knows how to find the right port, thanks to the Dynamic Host Port Mapping feature. And so, the ALB, automatically thanks to the ECS service, knows to connect to different ports onto different instances automatically. And so this setup works, but it does not work with a classic load balancer because it is older generation. So this logic only happens with the ALB. And so therefore from a security perspective, well the EC2 instance security group, must allow any port, from the ALB security group, because we don't know in advance what is going to be the host port mapping. So that was for the EC2 launch type. But now what happens when we have the Fargate launch type? Well, each ECS task is going to get a unique private IP this time. And so, because this is Fargate, there is no host, and therefore we only have to define the container ports. And so if you look at your ECS cluster, then for example, with four tasks each task is going to get its own private IP through an Elastic Network Interface or ENI. And then each ENI is going to get the same container ports. And so this is a setup you're going to get with Fargate. And therefore, when you have an ALB, then to connect to the Fargate task, it's just going to connect to all all of them on the same port on port 80. So there is the ECS ENI Security Group that needs to allow port 80, from the ALB security group. And then the ALB security group needs to allow just to port 80 or 443, if you have SSL enabled, from the web. Next, the exam will ask you about IAM roles within ECS. And you should know that IAM roles are assigned per task definition. So you have a task definition and then you assign an ECS task role. And this will allow you, for example, for your ECS tasks out of your task definition, to access the Amazon S3 service. And therefore when you create an ECS service from this task definition then each ECS task automatically is going to assume and inherit this ECS task role. But you should know that the role is defined at the task definition level, not at this service level. And so, therefore all the tasks within your service, are going to get access to Amazon S3. And if you define another task definition, you can add another role on it. And this role, for example, can access DynamoDB. And if you were to create another service, then that service would assume this other role and you would be good to go. So the exam will ask you, where do you define an IAM role for ECS task? And the answer is, on your task definition. Next, you have environment variables. So, your task definition, can have environment variables and they can come from multiple places. You can hard code them. For example, you set them directly from within the test definition. And for example, this is when you will have a fixed non-secret URL. But then if you have sensitive variables, such API keys or shared configs, or for example, database passwords, then you can use either the SSM Parameter Store, or Secrets manager, to store these values. And you reference them from within the ECS task definition and upon launching an ECS task then these values are going to be fetched and resolved at run time and injected as environment variables, within your ECS task. Finally, there is a last option where you load your ECS environment variables directly from an Amazon S3 bucket. And this is called a bulk environment variables loading through a file. Next we have, how do we share data between ECS tasks? So, as I said, an ECS task can contain one container but also you can define multiple containers in the same task definition. And you would do that because sometimes, your side containers also called side cars can help you with lugging, with tracing and so on. And so, it's a common pattern. But sometimes, well for example, for lugging and for metrics and so on, these containers need to share some files together. And therefore, we must mount a data volume onto both containers, and then they will be able to share data. And so, this data volume, bind them out, works for both EC2 and Fargate tasks. So let's imagine we have an ECS task and we have the application containers. It could be one, it could be many. And then some side car containers, for example the metrics and logs container. You're going to create a bind mount, and it's going to create a shared storage that you have to define between your task. And you say, for example, it is /var/logs and so therefore your application containers are going to be able to write to this shared storage, and your metrics and log container can read from these shared storage. And this is the whole idea behind the bind mount. So if you use EC2 tasks then the bind Mount itself is the EC2 instant storage. And therefore the data of that mount is tied to lifecycle of the EC2 instance. Or, for Fargate task, then you use ephemeral storage, and the data is tied to the container, a lifecycle using them. And so whenever your Fargate task disappears, then your storage disappears as well. Now, on Fargate you get from 20 gigabytes to 200 gigabytes of shared storage, so it gives you lot of space for different use cases. So between them. So the basic use case, especially from the exam perspective is to share data between multiple containers or when you have a side car container where the side car is used to, for example send metrics or logs to other destinations. And it needs to read from a shared storage. Okay. So that's it for the Amazon ECS task definition, deep dive. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.