So let's have a look at all the option for creating a task definition. So here is a family name, so I'll call this one wordpress. And then we have to choose infrastructure requirements. So we can launch on Fargate and we can launch on Amazon EC2 instances. It could be either or both. And based on the options, if it's Fargate then we have to choose CPU, and memory increments are compatible with Fargate. But if it's Amazon EC2 instances then you can enter whatever value you want for memory and CPU. So that's one difference. And of course, if you are on Fargate then the network mode has to be AWS VPC. But if you're only on EC2 then you have the option to choose a more advanced network mode. Just something to know about. Then, task role are very important because they allow your container to make API calls to IWS services and to get automatically an IAM role for this. So this role is pretty big at the exam. The task execution role is an IAM role specifically for the container agent to make AWS API requests on your behalf. So this is more of a standard role for ECS, whereas the task role is really the role you're going to use for your ECS tasks. Okay, next container. So you can have as many containers as you want in your ECS task definition, but one of them at least has to be an essential container. So that means you enter a name, for example, wordpress, and the image URI is WordPress. And yes, this is an essential container. And you can add more containers at the bottom. As you can see right here, I have Container 2. Now, if you set a container as essential that means that if the container fails for whatever reason and is killed, then because this's an essential container all the task is going to be stopped. If this is not an essential container then it can be stopped and the task will still go on. So it depends on what your application does to know whether or not a container is essential. So now we have Container 1, and it pulls an image from here and this URI. And so, we can have the image in the private registry if we want to. And so, for this you need authentication. And so, we just enter the Secrets Manager ARN for this secret, and we can pull these images from a secret repository, from private repository instead of public one. Next we have port mapping. So this is where you define all the ports for your containers, and the protocols, the port name, and the type of protocol we have. So HTP, HTP2, GRPC, or none. And you can add as many port mappings as you want, which is very handy if your application is exposing several ports. Next, you have some files around if you want to limit the number of VCPUs, and memory, and the hard and soft limits, which makes sense if you have multiple containers that run next to each other. Now, for environment variables you can add them individually. So we can say, for example, the FOO is equal to value BAR, so this's the name and this is the value. But also, we can have them from a secret manager. So for example, this one is going to be called SECRET_DB_PASSWORD. That's the name of this environment variable. And then we do value from, and here you add the ARN of the secrets manager secret that has this value, the SECRET_DB_PASSWORD. So this is for secrets manager, but also for the SSM parameter store. So this is when you set the environment variables directly from here, or you can add them from a file. And this file is a file that is going to be hosted on Amazon S3, so good to know. Now, for logging. So logging can be log collection, and this is done. And you can send it to CloudWatch or to Splunk, or Firehose, or Kinesis Stream, or OpenSearch, or S3, all via something called AWS FireLens or directly to CloudWatch natively. And if you use CloudWatch then we have to specify the log group, the log region, the stream prefix, and whether or not we want to create the group. But you can also add more log configuration values if you wanted to. HealthChecks make sure that your container is still healthy if you wanted to. Timeouts, make sure that you have a start and a stop timeout. Stop timeout you get killed before it properly ends, and start timeout is that if it doesn't start fast enough then it gets killed. We can set some Docker configuration, Docker labels, and specific resources, but these are less important. So as we said, \we can have as many containers as needed, essential or not. Then we have storage. So we can provide more storage for our containers. So it could be a bind mount or an EFS file system that we mount. So bind mount is saying, "Hey, what's the volume name?" And then we can add multiple volumes if we wanted to, some of them would be EFS, for example. It's up to you to how you wanna mount your data. And then you have the container mount points that you define and you say, "Okay, which path I wanna mount my volume on," and then where the volumes can be from. It could be mounting a volume from another container. So this's all described in detail in the documentation, but what you have to remember is that you can mount data from EFS or from a file system directly onto your containers, or from containers onto each other. From monitoring, we can also enable trace collection to send data into AWS X-ray through a sidecar called the AWS Distro for Open Telemetry. And automatically the CPU and memory will be adjusted to add for this sidecar. And we can also collect metrics and send them into CloudWatch or Managed Service for Prometheus, using different kinds of libraries. And so, this is to send your metrics into a central place if you wanted to. So we've seen everything in terms of how we configure our tasks. And then you click on Create and you can review all the settings directly from the JSON, if you wanted to have a look at the JSON itself. Or if you wanted to have a look at the data itself you would just create a new revision and then, again, modify them one by one. But we've seen how to do a full task definition configuration using the console. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.