So now, let's talk about conformance packs. So a conformance pack is a collection of config rules and remediation actions that you deploy all at once like a CloudFormation template. So these packs, they're created in the YAML format, and then they're deployed from within the config console. So you can choose to deploy them as part of many accounts and regions or across an organization. You can either use pre-built sample packs from AWS, or you can create your own custom conformance pack by using the YAML format. So you can create, also custom config rules and they can be backed by Lambda functions and they can be deployed all across your organization. You can also customize it a little bit, so you have parameters to make it even more flexible if you wanted to have some accounts with different parameters. On top of it, just like CloudFormation, it is possible for you to delegate the administration to deploy the conformance packs to a member account in your organization. So really for you, the way to understand this is that it is the CloudFormation of config rules. So this is what a conformance pack looks like. So this is a template, and the first section is parameters. So this is where you can customize how your rules are going to function. And then you have your actual rules. So we have three right here, one in the bottom left, and two on the right. And each config rule will have some properties as well as the source. And so the owner is AWS if this is a rule created by AWS, or it's custom if you want to deploy your custom rule, in which case, you need to also deploy a Lambda function alongside it. But all of these features are included in conformance packs. So this is super handy because, thanks to conformance packs, we define all the rules in the YAML format and we can deploy them all around our accounts and infrastructure. So there is a way for you to automate deploying these packs across your organization using CICD. So a developer would check in all the conformance packs into CodeCommit, then CodeBuild would take care of building and deploying the conformance packs. That includes the managed rules, that includes the custom rules as well as any SSM automations you need for automated remediations of the non-compliance of these rules. And all of this can be deployed across multiple accounts using CloudFormation, for example. So that's it. You've seen conformance packs. They're very handy and they come up in the exam quite a bit. I hope you like them, and I will see you in the next lecture.