So now, let's do a deep dive on Account Factory. So we know that Account Factory allows us to create accounts from within the AWS Control Tower service but there is a way to customize these accounts and it's called Account Factory Customization or AFC. So, the idea is that you wanna customize the resources for the new and existing accounts created through Account Factory. And for this, we'll use a blueprint. So, you can use a custom blueprint, which is a CloudFormation template that will define all the resources and configurations that you wanna customize in the accounts. And this blueprint is defined in the form of a Service Catalog Product. So, everything is stored in service catalog and it's recommended to store this product in a Hub accounts for service catalog. So, that means that all your custom blueprints will be in that hub account and not in the management account. This is just a recommendation from AWS. You can also use pre-defined blueprints created by partners of AWS, but there's a caveat, only one blueprint either pre-defined or custom can be used to deploy to the accounts. So, bottom line is the management accounts will be using the hub accounts and in service catalog, we'll be creating the blueprints we need for deploying them to new accounts in Control Tower. Then we'll create a necessary IAM role which will be assumed by the management accounts. And so whenever we create a new account from Control Tower, this blueprint will be deployed from Service Catalog as a CloudFormation template. But remember, there's only the possibility to deploy one blueprint in an account, only one. On top of it, whenever you create an account in Account Factory, there's going to be a new event in EventBridge. And so this would allow you, for example, to perform some kind of automation such as giving notifications through SNS or code through Lambda functions. On top of it, we can migrate accounts to Control Tower. There is a process where you need to know about. So here is your organizations and you have your management accounts and you want to include a new account in your organization. So, you're going to define an OU. The target OU you want your account to be in is going to be the dev OU but first you're going to move it into an unregistered OU. That is going to be a save zone. Then you move the account into the organization. And so the account is now part of your organization and is part of your OU. You're going to create an IAM role which will allow Control Tower to manage this account. So, it's called the AWSControlTowerExecution role. And then once there, we can deploy the config performance packs to this account to make sure that we have an account that is compliant with how we want it to work within our organization. So, we evaluate the result of the conformance packs so all the rules and the compliance and the remediations in this new accounts. And if we're good, we can move this account into our dev OU and then set up Control tower successfully to have Control Tower manage this account as well. And that's it. So, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.