So now let's talk about a framework called Customizations for AWS Control Tower, or CfCT. So it's a GitOps-style customization framework created by AWS. And I will show what this means in the next slide, but that means that you can commit code such as you can commit your CloudFormation templates and your SCPs and they will be automatically applied to all the accounts within account factory, the existing ones, as well as the new ones. So the idea is that you want to manage some kind of deployment across all your accounts, such as you want all your control tower accounts to have the same SCPs in the same baseline confirmation templates. Then you could use a CfCT framework to do this. Now, it is very similar in feature to the account blueprint, but it is different because the account blueprint allows you to just send one CloudFormation template, whereas this allows you to do many CloudFormation templates, as well as service control policies. And it's all integrated within a pipeline. I've seen both at the exam, but they rarely appear next to each other. So let's talk about it. So all the confirmation templates and your SCPs can be deployed either in Amazon S3 or CodeCommit. Then it will start a pipeline with CodeBuild, which is going to wrap this up and invoke a step function. Now this step function is going to make sure that all the CloudFormation templates are deployed as part as text sets in CloudFormation and deployed to all the managed accounts, and for the service control policies, again, because they are managed via code, they can be deployed automatically in the organizations to all the managed accounts based on their OU. Now, what happens if you have a new account? Well, when you have a new account, we know that this actually generates an event in Control Tower and this event can be intercepted by EventBridge and so we can have some kind of automation out of it. So the automation we can have is to send a message into an SQS FIFO queue so that we have a lender function handle these events one by one, and this lender function will take this event and invoke CodePipeline. So CodePipeline, again, will build all the templates and all the SCPs for that account. And if you look again at my graph on the right hand side, it will apply all of these as well to your new account and we have full automation. So it's a bit more work. This is an architecture that is deployed as part of what AWS provides you as CfCT, but this gives you a full pipeline to manage all your cloud templates and your SCPs as code and have them deployed to all the accounts in your Control Tower, either new accounts or existing managed accounts. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.