Hello, and welcome to this lecture, network bandwidth limits. Now that you understood how enhanced networking works, let's try to understand what bandwidth you can get while the traffic is sent from one networking component to other. Now, I don't want to restrict this discussion just to the EC2 instance, but typically if the communication happened between EC2 and, say, a VPN or DX or internet gateway, NAT gateways, or over the VPC peering connection, all these are different scenarios. So we must consider everything when it comes to deciding what kind of bandwidth you can get, right? So let's get started with this lecture. So in this lecture, we are going to discuss VPC bandwidth limits. And the bandwidth limit may apply to the internet gateway, NAT gateways, VPC peering connection. EC2 itself has a bandwidth limit. Now you understand that EC2 comes in different flavors, different instance families, generations, sizes, and everything affects the network bandwidth. So in this lecture, we'll also see what kind of instance families can give you the maximum bandwidth. Then comes the bandwidth over VPN connection or Direct Connect or Transit Gateways. So we'll also touch upon those concepts. Now, whenever we'll talk about the bandwidth and essentially maximizing the bandwidth, we will typically use a term called network flow throughout this lecture, right? And here, I want to mention the network flow. So what is network flow? It is basically a five-tuple point-to-point connection. So which means if two EC2 machines are communicating with each other and there is some process which is transferring data, it's one network flow, right? So it has a five-tuple, source IP, source port, destination IP, destination port, and the protocol. Now typically bandwidth has a limit per flow. That means if you want to maximize the bandwidth between two instances, for example, then you should look at having multiple flows. And then we'll talk about that again later. But understand that when we talk about the bandwidth, it typically applies to a single flow. And then you can maximize it by using multiple flows. So for example, these are two EC2 instances, and there is one flow between them. And now if you want to maximize the bandwidth, you will have multiple flows. Okay, so with respect to the VPC, there are no specific limit that has been enforced by the VPC for the bandwidth. Whether it's an internet gateway or VPC peering connection, it doesn't impose any bandwidth traffic limits, right? But when it comes to the NAT gateway, as of now, NAT gateway can provide up to 45 Gbps of bandwidth. And that is about the single NAT gateway. Now, sometimes if you need more bandwidth than 45 Gbps, then you can obviously have multiple NAT gateways. But in that case, make sure that the traffic from instances does not flow across the availability zone. Otherwise you would have to pay additional data transfer charges across AZs. But then you can use multiple NAT gateways to scale beyond 45 Gbps. Now that's what the VPC bandwidth limits are. But now essentially, if you talk about EC2 bandwidth limit, now there could be multiple scenarios. As I said, the EC2 machines could be in the same VPC and in the same placement group. That means they are very close to each other. Or these EC2s could be across VPCs and these VPCs could be in the same region or another region. Or you can talk to internet, or you can have a traffic between EC2 and S3. Now, again, this S3 bucket could be in the same region or a different region. Now, depending on the scenario, the bandwidth limit would change, right? So first of all, the bandwidth of EC2 instance itself will depend on a lot of factors. Which instance family it is, how many vCPUs instance has, and what's the traffic destination is. Now you know that there are network optimized EC2 instances. And if you look at the AWS current generation instances which are based on the Nitro systems, then they provide much more networking bandwidth than the older generation instances. So always make sure that you choose the latest generation instances to get the maximum performance from the EC2 instances. Now, if the traffic destination is within the region then typically you can leverage the maximum bandwidth that EC2 has. Now, if you go to the AWS EC2 instance page and look at its configuration, it provides you the networking bandwidth as well. And that typically says up to five Gbps or up to 10 Gbps or up to 100 Gbps, right? So if the traffic destination is in the same region as EC2 machine, then you can leverage whole bandwidth of that EC2 machine. Now, again, we are not talking about a single flow here. You have to use multiple flows to, you know, consume whole bandwidth. But now if the traffic is outside of AWS region, in that case, it depends where the destination is again, right? If it is going over the internet or Direct Connect, then you can only utilize up to 50% of the network bandwidth that EC2 provides, right? And this is only applicable for the instances which have minimum of at least 32 vCPUs. So if the instance is smaller in size than 32 vCPUs, it is still limited to five Gbps per instance, if the traffic is going to the internet or to the Direct Connect, then that would be the maximum bandwidth that you can get. If instance size is less than 32 vCPUs and instance is not the current generation instances. Now what are current generation instances? You can just Google on AWS page and you will find typically all the Nitro based systems are the current generation instances as of now. So understand that if the traffic destination is within the region, you can get the full EC2 bandwidth. But if it is outside of region then it would depend again, on whether the instance is small size and it's a current generation or not. Otherwise five Gbps is the bandwidth limit. So you can see it could be either 50% or five Gbps if the traffic is going through the internet gateway or to the S3 or to the other region EC2 machine. Okay, I hope that is clear. Now here, I'm not talking about specific bandwidth numbers, because as I said, it would depend on the underlying EC2 instance type and its networking capabilities. So what is the maximum bandwidth that you can get from the EC2 machines when the traffic goes to these destinations? So that, again now, depending on whether you have the enhanced networking enabled or not. As we learned in the last lecture, if you are using Intel Virtual Function then you can get 10 Gbps of aggregate bandwidth and then per-flow bandwidth is five Gbps. So that is when your instance supports the Intel Virtual Function as an enhanced networking. But if the instance is current generation and it supports the ENA, that is elastic network adapter, then you can get up to 100 Gbps of the bandwidth with the ENA. Now again, 100 Gbps is an aggregate bandwidth. That means per flow bandwidth you can get five Gbps if it is outside of placement group and 10 Gbps if it is inside placement group, but ultimately the aggregate bandwidth is 100 Gbps while using the ENA. And the same rule applies to even the traffic to the S3 as well. Again here, you have to use multiple flows. And for highest bandwidth, you should leverage VPC endpoint in that case. Because if the traffic goes over to the internet, you know that bandwidth will be 50% maximum, right? So you can't leverage this 100 Gbps bandwidth there. So these are few things that you need to consider while thinking about the bandwidth, but ultimately there are other factors as well, like EC2 instance sizes, EC2 instance type, everything, right? That you need to go to AWS EC2 page and see if it supports the ENA and what's the maximum bandwidth it supports, right? Now, while we are talking about the ENA and EC2, we said that it's 100 Gbps typically. But lately AWS also launched an instance, which is special instance P4d which runs on a supercomputer called UltraClusters, which provides 400 Gbps of the networking. And that's the first time in cloud that happened. And this is not typically the normal instance that anybody can use, but this is where the bandwidth limits have been reached, right? But in general, if it's about ENA, you can consider it as 100 Gbps is the standard limit as of now. So I hope that is clear. And now let's go to the other bandwidth, that is VPN, DX, or Transit Gateway. So when it comes to the VPN, you know that in VPC you have to attach the virtual private gateway. And virtual private gateway is limited by 1.25 Gbps of aggregate bandwidth. Now, what is this aggregate bandwidth? On virtual private gateway, you can have multiple VPN connection to multiple branch offices, right? But then, irrespective of how many VPN connection terminates on this private gateway, total aggregate bandwidth from AWS to your on-premise network would be limited to 1.25 Gbps. Now every VPN connection comes with two tunnels. And 1.25 Gbps is also per-tunnel in bandwidth. But you know that you can't use ECMP with VPG at the VPC level. That means only one tunnel is active at a time. However if it's a Transit Gateway it's a different story. You can have ECMP enabled and you can double the bandwidth in that case, right? And we'll talk more about that during the Transit Gateway session. But understand that for virtual private gateway, the aggregate bandwidth limit from AWS to on-premise network traffic at 1.25 Gbps. And which also means from on-premise to AWS, it will be limited by how much traffic the on-premise is sending to your VPC. Now, as I said, multiple VPN connection, the overall bandwidth will be limited by 1.25 Gbps only. And AWS Direct Connect bandwidth is defined by the port speed. Now we haven't talked about Direct Connect yet, but Direct Connect provides you option with different port speed like one Gbps, 10 Gbps, or 100 Gbps, as well as sub one Gbps like 50 Mbps, 100, 500, like that. So in case of Direct Connect, it will be limited by the port speed that you define, right? And if Direct Connect is terminating over Virtual Private Gateway, now, when we talk about Direct Connect, we'll talk about these factors. But in order for you to send traffic from your VPC private instances over the Direct Connect, you have to create a private BIF which has to be attached to the Virtual Private Gateway again. Now in that case, the private gateway throughput will be bound by the Direct Connect physical port itself, right? So if port is one Gbps then you will get one Gbps bandwidth. If it is more than that, then you will get that bandwidth. So 1.25, what we talked about is all about the VPN connection which terminates on the VPC. But for Direct Connect, it will be as per your Direct Connect port. So I hope that it's clear. Now with respect to the Transit Gateway especially, Transit Gateway has a limit of 50 Gbps aggregate bandwidth. That means you could have multiple VPN connection which can terminate onto the Transit Gateway. And then each VPN connection can have 1.25 Gbps bandwidth. And then you can aggregate multiple such VPN connection to get aggregate bandwidth of 50 Gbps. I hope that it's clear. Now with respect to the exam I don't think you need to remember all these numbers because these numbers are going to change and you will see higher bandwidth being supported by EC2 and different networking components in AWS. But in general, I hope you know that, which all the bandwidth you have to consider when the traffic flows through different networking components in AWS. So with that, we'll stop here for this lecture. And thanks for watching.