Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Here, we are going to summarize what we learned about optimizing the network performance while operating in AWS, specifically with respect to the EC2 instances and VPC. So let's understand this and revise this concept. So for high network bandwidth and throughput, consider using Jumbo Frames, that is the first thing we saw. With Jumbo Frames, you can send 9001 byte in one single packet. That means you can send more data by sending the less number of packets. That's the first thing. Then you can enable the enhanced networking for your EC2 instances by various mechanism that we saw, you can use cluster placement groups, so that EC2 instances are in close proximity, and then they can get benefited of that and send more packets and with lower latency, then you can also use EBS optimized instances, so that you get a dedicated bandwidth for a communication between EC2 an EBS volume, and then a separate bandwidth to get for other network activities. And for OS-level optimization, you can use DPDK libraries, that's Intel Data Plane Development Kit, and with that, there is a direct communication between your application and then it can directly send the data to underlying network cards, via those drivers, whether Intel Virtual Functions or ENA. So it runs in a user space and it bypasses the kernel when you use DPDK. So just going over it again. So instance level network optimization can be done with enhanced networking and for enhanced networking, you have to enable the SR-IOV, that is single route input-output virtualization. With PCI pass through, what it does is, ultimately it presents your virtual physical network card as a virtual network card to your instances, and same physical network card can be shown as, or can be represented as multiple virtual instances, and then it bypasses the hypervisor for the network communication. Then you can always use ENA or Intel Virtual Function in order to enable the enhanced networking. You can also use placement groups as you know, specifically cluster placement group, where those EC2 instances will be typically launched in a same availability zone in the same rack, so that you get the lowest latency possible between these two EC2 instances or multiple EC2 instances. And finally, you can use EBS-optimized instances as well. For operating system level network optimization, use DPDK, we just talked about that. And you can additionally use EFA. EFA is nothing but ENA with additional capability where you can bypass the OS and that improves your network performance typically would be used for HPC workloads, HPC is your high performance computing workloads like a media processing or telecom providers typically would require HPC kind of workloads. So that's in short summary of what we saw in this lecture. If something that is not clear, go back and you can watch the video again. So thanks for watching.