Welcome back. In this course so far we learned a lot of things. We learn to create Databricks workspace. We learn to use Databricks Workspace notebooks. We also learned a little about Databricks File System Dbfs. Right. And we learned that we can mount our cloud storage layer or cloud storage solution into the Dbfs so that we can store our data there. However, Dbfs is not a recommended approach for setting up your, um, storage layer for your lake house or for your data lake projects. So how do we go about it? That's what we want to learn in this section. So in this section I'll introduce you to the metadata management in Databricks Cloud. And we will also learn uh user management in the Databricks Cloud Platform. And we'll go through the fine grained access control. With all this we will also learn how to set up your storage layer in the cloud for your Databricks Lake House or data lake projects and all things together combine, and we get a complete solution on setting up a storage layer, managing metadata, managing users, and handling fine grained access control. So that's what we want to learn in this section. And in this section we will learn all this using three lectures. In the first lecture I'll give you an introduction to the unity Catalog. We will try to understand what is Unity Catalog. What is uh metadata management solution in Databricks Cloud. And then in the next lecture we will learn how to set up Unity catalog. Basically we will set up a storage layer for our, uh, lake house or Data Lake project. And on top of that, the storage layer. We will set up Unity Catalog to manage all the metadata, to manage all the user accounts and handle fine grained access control through the Unity catalog. And finally, in the last lecture, I'll give you some demos on how to secure objects and how to give fine grained access control for your, uh, data objects. So that's all we are going to learn in this section. So let's get started. See you in the next lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.