Welcome back. This lecture is going to be a long lecture. And in this lecture I'll try to help you learn a lot of things. But before we start all that, let me recall your medallion architecture or lake house medallion architecture. And we start from there. So in data engineering projects, we aim to solve the problems, data engineering problems using an appropriate data engineering project architecture. And in modern days, lake house medallion architecture is the most widely adopted architecture pattern. In this architecture pattern, we ingest data either in batch or in stream. Bring it to our bronze layer, which is our raw data storage and store data here. But where is your storage layer? Where this data goes? Where do we keep the data in tables or in files? How do we manage metadata for, uh, those data sets, all that need a proper infrastructure design and setup. And we need to use some technology or tool for doing that. Similarly, once your data is in the bronze layer, you start implementing your data transformation, data quality, data processing logic and start preparing data for your end consumers. And all those can be done in multiple stages or in multiple steps. The usual idea is to read data from raw data from the bronze layer, create a bunch of intermediate tables or your high quality data tables. Keep them in a separate layer. We call it silver layer and then use those silver layer tables to prepare the final results for your consumption. Right. So all this could be multiple databases or multiple layers. But in all these layers you need to store a lot of data. So how do you store that data. Where do you store that data. That's what we want to learn in this lecture. So for storing data and managing the entire data with a proper metadata and proper access control, uh, privileges all that we need to design this thing. So how do we design that using data bricks. So here is the diagram that represents how we design the Lakehouse platform using the Databricks Cloud Environment or Databricks Cloud Platform. So if you look at this part this part represents a typical platform architecture for a lake house project or using lake house medallion architecture pattern. And this architecture is also designed in multiple layers. At the bottom this blue box is your storage layer, the physical storage layer. Usually, if you are working in Azure Databricks or you are in the Azure Cloud Platform, this physical storage layer is created using Azure ADLs storage account and a bunch of ADLs storage account containers. So this is your actual physical storage where data will physically go and sit in form of files. Right. So for that we have to set up one Azure Storage account. And within that account you can create one or more containers. So all these boxes that you see are actually containers and data will actually come and sit into this containers. On this physical storage layer we can have multiple, uh, one or more logical storage objects. And these are nothing but your databases or, uh, within the databases you can have tables or volumes. Right. So these are logical layers. Or you can have external locations, uh, where you directly write data in form of file. All that is your logical storage layer. So we need to design a physical storage layer. Then on top of that we need to create a logical storage layer. And all this logical storage layer is managed through a data governance solution in Databricks. That data governance solution is unit. The catalog. So on top of these logical layers, we will have a unity catalog layer and any user or application. Let's say you have a spark application which needs to read data from. This physical layer will come through. The unity catalog will have to pass through the unity catalog and then access the logical layer. And internally it will read data from the physical layer. Similarly, let's say you have a spark application which wants to save data, right. Produce the output. So for saving and producing output also your spark application will pass through the unity catalog. And then behind the unity catalog it will come and access the logical layer of your data and save data in the logical layers. But internally it is saved in the physical layer. So all the access, all the spark applications that are running in your Databricks cluster will have to pass through the unity catalog for accessing the data, for reading data and for writing data. And that gives us an opportunity to set up a fine grained access control here. We can, uh, grant privileges, we can restrict access, we can do all kind of fine grained access control management from the unity catalog itself. That's where Unity Catalog fits in. So, uh, on top of the unity catalog, we will have Databricks clusters. In the clusters. You will have your applications running or application code or notebooks running. And these notebooks will pass through the unity catalog to access the data. But for creating clusters, running applications, or deploying your applications, you will have to come to the workspace, right? Databricks Workspace and Databricks Workspace is the place which where you your end users or developers or QA people or your uh, uh, team, uh, can work. So your team is sitting at the top. They access this entire stack through the workspace, and the way to access things are to create clusters and run your code in the cluster. And ultimately, that code passes through Unity Catalog to access the data. So that's how we design the. Medallion architecture platform for our project using Databricks Cloud technology or Databricks Cloud Platform. But how to do all that? That's what we are going to learn in this lecture. So let's get started. The idea is to set up a unity catalog or data governance layer for our project. So let's see how we can do it. Setting up Unity Catalog and your storage layer is a two step process. The first step or first part is done from the your cloud provider. In our case it is Azure. So first part of it should be done from the Azure. And then second part is done from the Databricks Workspace environment. So before you start setting up your uh, unity catalog or your data governance layer or your storage layer for your project, you should already have at least one Databricks workspace, because half of the activity is done from the Databricks Workspace. And Databricks Workspace should be premium Databricks workspace in a standard workspace. Lot of features are not available, so I already have both the things we created a Databricks workspace and I have access to my Azure Cloud account. So let me open my workspace. Also, I have uh, documented step by step process for setting up your storage layer or your unity catalog metadata layer, and we will follow through the list, uh, in my workspace in my notebook. So let me open that. So in my home directory. In my workspace in the home directory. Uh, in chapter six, I have unity catalog setup notebook, and this notebook documents the entire process. So setting up Unity catalog is a four step process. The first thing you need to have a workspace. So create a workspace I already created a workspace. I already have this Databricks course workspace which is a premium workspace. And then second step is to create data storage layer. This is done from the Azure cloud because physical data should be stored in your cloud storage layer. So for we will go through this step and third step. Once you set up your data storage layer you have to set up Unity catalog Metastore. That is done from the Databricks workspace. And then finally you can set up users and permissions. You can import your users from Corporate Active Directory and then start setting up permissions for your users. So first step is already done. We will start with the second step. Uh create data storage layer. First point is create a storage account. So let's go there in my Azure. And I already created a storage account here. The storage account name is Prashanth SC. I created it in the uh earlier lecture. So we will reuse the same storage account. There is no need to create a separate storage account, but if you want you can create a separate one. Uh, so storage account is also there. And third thing is we need to create a storage containers within this account. So details are listed here. Create a storage container for unity catalog Metastore. Uh, maybe container name. Could be anything. I want to keep it meta store root. So go to your Azure Storage account page. Click containers and create a container. So let's go and finish that. I'm already into my storage account page and let's go to containers menu. We did it in the earlier lecture also and created Dbfs container here. For now let's create a new container for uh, our unity catalog. So let's call it, uh, Unity Catalog Metastore root or simply Metastore root. And that's all hit the create button and. It should be created within a second. So I have the Metastore root storage container already created. Let's look at what is the next. So I have the storage container. Now next step is to create database access connector. In earlier lectures we created a. Service principle. Right to access the storage. But in this case, for working with the meta store or working with the unity catalog, the idea is to use a connector. And that connector, uh, comes with some security credentials to access your storage container. So we will create a connector. And here is the steps, uh, to create a Databricks access connector. Uh, click Plus Create resource button on your Azure portal and search for Access connector for Azure Databricks. So let's go back to our portal. On home page you can find the Creator resource link here or here. Let's go with this and search for Access Connector for Azure Databricks. Let's choose this and you will see something like this access connector for Azure Databricks. Let's hit the create button access connector for Azure Databricks. And like any other resource in Azure we have to define few things like um, what is the subscription? What is the resource group you want to group this resource? We already created a resource group for this connect this course. So let me use the same resource group so we know everything into a single resource group. And then uh let's give a name for your connector. So let me copy the name. What connector name we want to give. Uh we want to call it Databricks Access Connector. So let's give the same name here. Databricks Access Connector and region is US East. There is a particular, uh, reason why we choose this US East region. Because my Databricks work space in is in US east and my storage account is also in the east US. So we keep the same region for the connector. And let's see what we have next. Uh, select the region and just review and create. There are few other things that we, uh, can select here, but for now we can go with the default. Let's hit the review and create button. Azure will validate it. And once it is validated we will see a create button enabled. Let's hit the create button. And in a couple of seconds it should be done. Or maybe taking longer. So let's review our steps. Select a region, click review and create button. Click create button. Uh. For reviewing your settings, go to Access Connector Resource page and copy the resource ID. You will need it later. So my access connector is done. Deployment. Successful I can go to resource from here itself or it should be visible in my home page also. Yeah I can come here and maybe. Let's see. Okay. It's not visible here. Uh, so I can see all resources. And I can see here Databricks access connector. So you can come to the Databricks Access Connector page, uh, from various places. So I am on my Databricks Access Connector page. What is the ask? Copy the resource ID, you will need it later. So this resource is created and here is the resource ID right. So let's copy it and keep it in some notebook. You will need it later. Uh I can come back here and copy it again, but let's copy it. Uh, so I don't have to come back here again. So that's all. 2.3 is done. Uh, we created access connector. What is the next step? Next step is to grant access to the access connector for your Azure storage account. So this access connector will be used for reading and writing data into my storage account, into my Azure storage account. So we will have to grant that permission to the connector. Right. So next step is go to your storage account page on your Azure portal. So let's go to home find my storage account. Here it is I am on the storage account page. Now click Access Control. IAM from the left side menu and click Add Link from the top menu and select Add Role Assignment. So I'll come to Access Control IAM page add link add role assignment. What role do we want to grant here? Same. We did that same role while trying to mount the, uh, container into Dbfs. Same kind of role is required here. So we select this and maybe click next and click next and choose Managed Identity. Uh. Radio button and then select members. So we don't want to grant this to a user or a group or service principle. In the earlier scenario, we created a service principle. And given that, uh, role to the service principle. But this time we are creating a connector which is a managed identity, Azure managed identity. So we go with the managed identity and select members, uh, in your subscription, try to find the managed identity. Let's see all system assigned managed identities. And. I have two. Maybe I created one earlier, which is, um, not there. So I think this is the one which I just created, a Databricks access connector. That was the name. Uh, you can cross check your resource ID and choose the appropriate one. So I'm selecting this access connector and that's all select. And you will see it is shown here. And let's see what is the next. Choose your Azure subscription all system managed identity. Select your Databricks Access connector. This is the name that I gave when creating the connector. Select review and Assign twice. So review and assign and then review and assign once again. And it's adding role assignment for the connector. Added. Done. So that's done. So step 2.4 is also done. Grant access to access connector for your Azure storage accounts. So we are done with this. What is the next step. Step three is set up unity catalog Metastore. So we are done whatever we wanted to do from the Azure portal side. What we did, we created a storage account. We created a container where all the unity catalog metadata will be stored. We created a root directory for unity catalog. Then we created a connector uh, which will have access to the storage account. And then we gave a role, uh, account storage account contributor role to the connector. So we are set up from the Azure Cloud account. And now rest all we can do from the workspace itself, Databricks workspace itself. So go to your Databricks Account Console. So where it is this is my Databricks workspace. In the workspace you can click this and you will see Manage Account. You will see this menu option only if you are an admin for this account. Right. Uh not all users will have uh manage account access. So let's click the manage account. I am the admin for this entire Databricks, uh, account service because I created it from the Azure account right from the Azure cloud I created that. So here is the Databricks account console. I came here from my workspace following this manage account link. Remember that this is known as Databricks Account Console. So what is the next step? Uh, click your name at the top right corner in the Databricks workspace. Click Manage Accounts from the menu. Databricks Account Console will open in a new browser tab, so we are done with that. Perform following in Databricks Account Console. So what do we want to do there. Click data from the left side menu. So let's click data. So I am in the data tab uh in Databricks Account Console. Let's see what is uh next. Uh click data from the left menu. Click create Metastore button and give a name for your Metastore whatever name you want you can give, let me call it is colonist meta and then choose a region for your Metastore deployment. Make sure to choose the same region as your workspace and storage account. Example East us. So let me go back to my account console. I have Chris create metadata create meta store. So what I gave a name is called Nest Meta. So what we are doing here we are creating a meta store. Uh. A storage for Unity catalog, where Unity Catalog will store everything, including metadata and other things whatever Unity Catalog needs to store. So choose a region. A region should. There are all regions listed here, but we are in the East US region. I've created my workspace, my storage account, everything in this same region. So let's go with the same region. Our next step is to tell ADLs Gen two path. So what is the Azure Data Lake storage container that we want to give to Unity Catalog for this metastore. We already created a container here. Right. Uh, if you come to storage, look for container. We created this meta store root container here so we can provide all those details. But remember the syntax it's container name at account name dot DFS and all that. So let me paste the URL. I have already prepared the URL using these guidelines. So here it is. So container name at storage account name.dfs.co dot windows dot net and root uh root. I'm saying slash just because I want to use this entire container as the storage for this meta store. It is also possible that inside this container I create a directory and I can go inside the container, uh, add a directory here and then instead of giving the entire container to Unity catalog, I can give only one directory in that container I can post, uh, put something like, uh, meta store here, which is a directory inside the container. But it's good to give the entire container to the unity catalog and do not mix in things in the same container. So keep it separate. So that's done. Uh, next is to provide access connector ID and URL should be like this. So basically uh it is the resource ID of your access connector. We created Access Connector earlier. You can find it in all resources. Uh Databricks Access Connector and resource ID is visible here. We copied it earlier also, but I recopying it and I can paste the details here, and that's all. Uh, let's look at the steps, paste the access connector resource ID, hit the create button and then let's see what comes up. So hit the create button and Databricks will create a Metastore. So it's done. Now, uh, what is this? This is my workspace name, right? I created a workspace here. Uh, this is Databricks course AWS. So Databricks course AWS. So I have only one workspace. So now in this step Unity catalog is asking me that which workspace you want to connect with this metastore. So I'll choose my workspace. Uh, usually you may have two, three workspaces like one dev workspace, one QA workspace, one um, UAT workspace, one prod workspace. You can select all because the idea is to have a centralized unity catalog for the entire project, so you can connect all your workspaces, uh, from here, uh, with the single metastore, with the single unity catalog, and then manage permissions for all environments from a central place. So let's assign it, um, just call it enable. And that's all within maybe few seconds it should be done. Um. Congratulations. Uh, let's close it. And we are done. Right. So we are done setting up a meta store for unity catalog. And this is the location where Unity Catalog will keep all the metadata. We know that this is the container name and this is the, um, storage account name, and rest is, uh. Azure URL to access the storage account, and this is a directory which is automatically created by Databricks Unity catalog. Uh, inside the container uh region is east us. And this guy who created this meta store is the meta store admin. I can change the admin also so you can enable data delta sharing. But we are not going to enable it for now. So and if you come to workspaces so these are the workspaces that are connected with this meta store. Um you want to connect some more workspaces. You should create those workspaces. And you can come from here assigned to workspace. And you can connect those workspaces also with this meta store. But we will go with one workspace. That's enough for our learning. So that's all we are done with. Step three. Uh, creating Unity catalog Metastore. Now next step is to provision your company users to unity catalog A. For granting privileges. For creating user groups, you need users. So we'll have to bring our enterprise users into unity catalog. How to do that? That's I'm going to keep in a separate lecture because this is going too long. But we are done with the setting up Unity catalog. Unity catalog Metastore is setup. Workspace is connected. We are done. Next step is to bring users. And then we can start working on creating user groups and giving them different privileges. And then uh, creating meta store objects like databases, tables and volumes and all that. So let's uh, pause here. And in the next lecture we will start from here and start, uh, provisioning our unity catalog users. See you again. Keep learning. Keep growing.