Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn how to bring your corporate users or your domain users into Databricks Unity Catalog so that we can create user groups and manage privileges for those user groups or individual users. So let's try doing that. Uh, in this lecture I'll give you a demo on how to bring your users. So provisioning your company users into Unity catalog is done through the SIM connection. So what is SIM connection. Let's try to Google it and see uh what is sim. So SIM is the system for cross-domain identity management. So it's a protocol, uh, to bring uh, users from one domain to another domain. That's how most of the, uh, cross domain user management works. So Databricks also follows the same, uh, protocol or same type of connection. So we will be using SIM connector to bring users from my domain to Databricks workspace. So how to do that? Uh, let's uh, go to the. Databricks Account Console. I'll go to Databricks Account Console and in click settings menu from the left side of Databricks Account Console. So we'll come to the settings menu. And in the user provisioning tab you will see setup user provisioning. So hit that button and it will show you a SIM token and account sim URL. So step is setup user provisioning. Copy the SIM token and sim URL. And that's all uh from here. So let me copy it and keep it uh, somewhere in my notepad. Uh, because this is a token, you might not see it again. And this is your, uh, sim URL. So we copy the sim URL and keep it in a notebook, and then finally hit the done button. So that's all we are done from here. Basically we created a token and we created a URL uh for user provisioning in the Unity catalog, Databricks Unity Catalog. And then we will take this token and URL, go back into our Active Directory, our Corporate Active Directory, and configure, uh, our corporate Active Directory to sync users from our corporate Active Directory to the unity catalog. Our Active Directory will push the users to the unity catalog, uh, or user details to the Unity catalog. Uh, I don't have a corporate Active Directory, so I cannot show you the corporate active Directory, but I have, uh, Azure account. Right. So in Azure account I have Active Directory. Uh, come to Microsoft enter ID, which is. Active Directory is now known as entry ID and will see how things work from here itself. That's good enough for learning the process. So. Let us come and see what is. What are the steps? Go to your organization's Active Directory example, your Azure Active Directory. Select Enterprise Applications from the left side menu. So in the left side menu, uh, in your uh Active Directory you will see enterprise applications. So here I am on the enterprise applications page. Uh, what is next? Uh, create new application and then search for Azure Databricks HCM provisioning connector. So we will. Search for the new application and Azure Databricks SIM Provisioning connector. So just choose this connector and let's see what is the. Click the create button. So let's click the create button here. And let's wait for connector to be installed in my Active Directory or configured for my Active Directory. So Databricks and Azure they came up with this connector. So you can. Um. Provision users between Active Directory and Databricks Unity Catalog. So my connector is, uh, created now. What is next? Um. Click provisioning from the left side menu on the SIM Provisioning connector page and click Get Started button. So on the left side menu you should see somewhere provisioning. For that connector. And then click the Get Started button and provisioning mode. We have two modes manual and automatic. Let's choose automatic and it should automatically sync my users. And then we have to provide tenant URL and secret token. Right. So these are the things that we copied from our account console Databricks account console. So let me um. Paste those things here. So this is the irl sim connector URL that I copied from here. Sorry. From here this is the same URL token is not shown. You can if you lost your token you can regenerate your token. But I already kept it. So I'll paste the token here. Paste the token here. Uh, if everything is working, then test connection should pass. So let's test the connection. So it is testing whether Active Directory is able to connect to the Databricks uh, platform. So testing connection to Azure Databricks SIM provisioning connector is successful. So that's successful. So what is next. Uh, paste, sim url, paste, sim token test connection, and finally hit the save at the top. So. We have a save button here. Hit the save button. And this is should be done. Then, uh, this is done. What is next? Uh, go to SIM provisioning connector page once again and choose Users and groups. So connector is set up. We have set up the connection details and all that. Now you can come back to your connector page from here. Right. We are back on the Azure Databricks SIM Provisioning Connector page. And you have users and groups here. And. Click Add User Group and click Not Selected and select desired users. So we set up the connector. But. Which users do we want to? Share or push to unity catalog. That's what we are going to do from here. So add users, um, none selected. And then you will see all your users here. Right. So I have three users in my, uh, Active Directory for your company. You might have hundreds of users. Uh, you can also choose user groups instead of individual users and push the entire group. But for doing that you need, uh, advanced level of Active Directory subscription. I have a basic Active Directory subscription, so I cannot show you that. But idea is that instead of pushing single users or individual users, you can have a user group which are, uh, user group created for a particular project and push the entire user group at once. So for me, let's try pushing some users from here. I am already there in the unity catalog because I'm the owner of, uh, that, uh, Databricks instance. Other than that, I have two users I don't want to push all. So let's select only this user and click the select button. So one user selected and let's hit the assign button. And this user is now. Member of this provisioning connector. So this user should be pushed to the unity catalog. And let's say assign button click provisioning from the left side menu and click Start Provisioning. So again come back to the left side menu provisioning. We defined the users what all users we want to provision and hit the start provisioning button. And it's running the initial cycle. It's still not run. Maybe in few minutes it should finish the initial cycle. If it's still uh, it doesn't finish, maybe you can restart provisioning or stop and then again start. Okay, so I refreshed the page and I can see, uh, initial cycle completed. Uh, and we set up automatic provisioning so it will keep on provisioning more users. If you have, uh, tried to provision a user group. So as soon as you add new users in the same group, it will automatically provision them. Or you want to add your, uh, users back here. So if you add one more user in this, uh, list here, uh, only sathyam is shown. If I add one more user in this list, it should automatically provision. So provisioning cycle is complete. So let's come to the Unity Catalog Account Console and go to User Management. And okay I can see Sathyam is now visible here. Sathyam is now part of the unity catalog. I'm already there. Uh, since I'm the owner. So now let's come here. Wait for initial cycle completed message and you are done with the user provisioning. So we are done with the user provisioning. What is next? We can create user groups and once the groups are there, we can start creating objects and then granting privileges uh, to the user groups or individual users. So how to create user groups. Let's come to the account console and you can see groups here. Right. So uh click User Management from the left side of Databricks Account Console group. Go to groups tab and click add Group button. So there is already one group Pre-created which is default account users. All the members are by default made part of this group, but we can create our own group. So let's create a new group. Uh, let's call it uh scholar Nest dev group. Right. And you can create as many as you want. So I created one group. Now I want to add members to this group. So this group is created add members. Uh, let's search for. Set them right. I want to add set them to this and click the add button. Set them is added. I'm not added so let me. Add myself also Prashanth at Scholar Nasscom and add myself also in this group. So we created two members in this group and click the save button and add members and you are done. So that's all we have the user group also. Now we are done from the unity catalog, uh side. The rest is you start creating database or schema catalog tables volumes and then start giving privileges. So we will learn how to do that in the following lecture. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.