Hello, and welcome to this lecture. In this lecture, we are going to see some VPN Transitive Routing Scenarios. Now, if your corporate data center is connected to AWS VPC using site-to-site VPN connection via virtual private gateway, then if you're sending traffic from your on-premise network to AWS, now let's see what happens, suppose if you want to reach to a peered VPC through that virtual private gateway connection, or you want to reach to say internet via internet gateway on AWS side of the network. Now, is that possible or it's not possible? So let's look at some of the scenarios and that would help us really choose the right answer, given a scenario where the traffic will flow in that situation or not. So let's see few scenarios here. Now, this setup is very much what we have seen so far. There is a corporate data center and customer gateway, and then there is AWS VPC and virtual private gateway attached to the VPC. And these are connected over site-to-site VPN connection. Now on VPC side, you also have IGW attached through IGW. You know, you can reach to the internet, but now the question is, if your traffic is coming from your corporate data center, it flows through customer gateway to the virtual private gateway, can it reach to the internet via this IGW, which is attached to your VPC? And what we mean that on corporate data center, you might not have outbound internet connection, but you're trying to reach to the internet by going through the VPN tunnel, and then from the IGW, is that possible? So the short answer is no, that's not possible. And there is a reason to that because virtual private gateway is actually a gateway device, it's not ENI which is provisioned by AWS, where, because ENI is a part of your VPC, it's a part of your subnet. That means for the traffic which lands into that ENI, follows all the routing rules of your subnet. But in this case, VGW is not ENI, it's a gateway and that's where it can't route the traffic directly from VGW to IGW. So in that sense, this is invalid scenario. That means you cannot reach to the internet via the VGW, remember this. Now, moving on, what if now, instead of we said that you cannot go directly to the IGW, but what if we introduced NAT gateway in between? Because you know, if there is a public or a private subnet and there is a NAT gateway in a public subnet, you can reach to internet, at least from within the VPC. Now, that could have been possible if we had more control over that NAT device, but in this case, NAT gateway is again a managed service and it does not allow to change any configuration on that NAT device. And due to NAT gateway limitations, we cannot still reach to the internet if the traffic lands to VGW, and then from there, we can't really go to the internet via NAT gateway. So this is also invalid scenario in that case, remember this. Okay, now that being said, what if I am having my own NAT EC2 instance, and then I configure it the way I want? Now, if you look at that scenario, now you have all the control over the NAT instance where you can remove all those restrictions of NAT gateways, and of course this NAT instance is in public subnet and it follows the routing rules what do you define in a public subnet. In this case, it is possible that whatever traffic comes from your corporate data center via the VGW can go to the internet via this NAT EC2 instance. So remember, for sending the traffic to internet via IGW, you can't use internet gateway directly or NAT gateway directly, but you can have your NAT EC2 instance and then that traffic can flow. Okay, I hope that is clear. Now let's look at some other scenarios as well. Now, in this case, I have another VPC, which is attached to my primary VPC, where I'm terminating my VPN connection. Now think again, right, here, also, as you know, VPC peering does not support the transitive routing. That means if traffic is landing into this VPC from outside, this traffic cannot flow to the other peered VPC directly, unless you are originating that traffic here in the primary VPC. Now what traffic we are sending again, is not originating from this VPC, and that means this connection is also not possible. So remember that thing. Okay, now let's look at some more scenarios and then we'll conclude this section. Now, what if I have VPC gateway endpoint attached to my VPC? And as you know, we covered that in a VPC endpoint section through gateway endpoint, you can reach to AWS services like S3 and DynamoDB, and for using VPC gateway endpoint, of course, you need to modify the route table of your subnet, right? So that traffic can reach to S3 or DynamoDB using the prefix list. Now, again, a similar rule applies like VPC peering to the VPC gateway endpoint as well. Traffic is not originating from this VPC, and that's where it can not follow those route tables. So in this case as well, this is an invalid scenario. This traffic cannot flow through virtual private gateway. And if you remember, we had covered this scenario in VPC endpoint lecture as well. We said this is an invalid scenario, where traffic is coming from on-premise through virtual private gateway, or say VPN connection, you cannot reach to AWS services through a gateway endpoint. Now things change a little when instead of VPC gateway endpoint, you are trying to use VPC interface endpoints, which are powered by PrivateLink. Now, if you remember VPC interface endpoint allows you to reach to AWS services endpoints APIs, like you can hit the EC2 API's load balancer, or you can send a message to the SQS privately from your VPC, and this is powered by PrivateLink. In that case what happens, is this VPC interface endpoint creates ENI, Elastic Network Interface into your subnet, and through that ENI, you can reach to the respective services. Now, if you see, I have some destination in my VPC where the traffic can land, and from there through that ENI, I should be able to go to the respective services. So in case of interface endpoint, it is possible that I can access these services from on-premises via the private gateway. So this traffic is allowed. So that's a difference between a gateway endpoint and an interface endpoint with respect to transitive routing. So hope that is clear. Now let's take the other way around. This is more, we talked about a traffic coming from on-premises to AWS, but now the other way around, the traffic is originating on AWS side of the network. And again, through virtual private gateway, through customer gateway it is reaching to on-premise data center. Now, what if I want to reach to internet using on-premise NAT devices? Now, if you look at this, you can completely configure the way you want, right, on corporate data center side of the NAT devices. So if you allow that in your routing rules for this NAT, of course you can reach to the google.com or any internet websites. So there is no such restrictions. That means when a traffic originates from VPC, all the routing rules which we configured here would apply. And if you want to allow connection to internet, allow connection to some other third party networks, all that would be possible. So this is very well a valid scenario. Okay, so that's what I wanted to cover. Let's quickly recap what we just talked about. So if traffic is originating from your on-premises and going to AWS via virtual private gateway, then you cannot access internet through a VPC attached internet gateway, you cannot access internet through a NAT gateway, you cannot access peered VPC resources through peering connection, and you cannot access S3 and DynamoDB via the VPC gateway endpoint. However, you can definitely access AWS services endpoints using interface VPC interface endpoint, which is powered by PrivateLink. And also you can access internet if you're using self-managed NAT instance in a public subnet, then also you can access internet via the virtual private gateway. Now, other way round, if the traffic is originating from AWS and going to customer gateway, then you can access whatever traffic you want to access on the customer network side of it, right? There is no such restrictions. So that's about the transitive routing of VPN, and this is good to remember all these scenarios or at least think in what cases it will be possible. So the key is if traffic lands into your VPC that is ENI or an EC2 instance on which the traffic force lands, then most probably the traffic is allowed. If it is just a gateway and then you have to route traffic using route tables, it won't be allowed, that essentially allows or denies the traffic which flows through a VPN. So that's it about this lecture, I hope that is clear, and thank you.