Hello and welcome to this lecture. Now in this lecture, let's look at some additional scenarios, when you have configured your site-to-site VPN tunnels in active mode or passive mode. Now, you know that AWS site-to-site VPN provisions two tunnels, that's for high availability and it's up to you how you configure this tunnels, weather in active-active mode, which means both the tunnels are up at the same time and you can also configure it in active-passive mode, that means only one tunnel is up at any moment of the time. Now in this case, let's see how the routing happens. So, whether you're using the static routing or dynamic routing for your VPN connection would affect the flow of the traffic, now let's try to understand that. Now this is a very much familiar architecture, where you have VPC and a corporate data center and they're connected using site-to-site VPN connection, on AWS side, you have virtual private gateway and on the customer network side, you have customer gateway and we have shown two tunnels here, that's what VGW does, right? Now in this case, this is a static routing scenario, that means you have already configured the routes on both sides of the network with the destination CIDR for respective network CIDRs. Now if from the corporate data center, if the traffic initiates, it goes to the CGW and from there, based on your routing configuration, it would flow through tunnel one or two and it reaches AWS, then it would reach to the destination EC2 instance here and from there, the return traffic will again head back to virtual private gateway. Now there is one problem, when VGW receives this traffic from AWS EC2 instance, it has choice to send this traffic back through tunnel one and tunnel two. And in case of static routing, it would make that choice randomly, that means it can either send this traffic through tunnel one or it can send traffic through tunnel two. Now, if it sends traffic back through tunnel one there is no problem, even if there is a firewall here it would understand that this is a return traffic for the request which I had just sent and it will allow that traffic because we are considering the stateful firewalls. Now what if the traffic flows from tunnel two this time, the return traffic we're talking about? Now here, if there is a firewall on customer gateway side and it's a stateful firewall, it would probably reject this traffic, because it does not have the state of the request which was outgoing earlier, right? It will say that, I don't understand this traffic and it will probably drop this traffic and this routing is typically called as asymmetric routing. And that's a problem in some of the firewalls and some firewall might support it and in some firewall you might have to explicitly enable the asymmetric routing. So if you are using both the tunnels with static routing in active-active mode, then make sure that on the customer gateway side of the firewall you enable the asymmetric routing. So that's one point. Now, if your traffic originates on AWS side of the network, for example, this EC2 instance here wants to send some traffic to any of those servers in corporate data center, it will send the packet to virtual private gateway and then this VGW will randomly select one of the tunnel, either tunnel 1 or tunnel two, you can't really influence that decision in case of static routing. So this is just to make you understand that in case of static routing the tunnel selection happens randomly on virtual private gateway side and for the same reason, you would have to have the asymmetric routing configured on the other side of the network. Okay now let's move on and look at a different scenario. Now, again, we will look at the static routing but this time we have active-passive tunnels. Now what that means is, only one of the tunnel up at any moment of the time. So tunnel two is for example down, if you remember our hands-on exercise, we had set up opens one tunnel and we had configured only one tunnel at that time, we did not configure another tunnel. Now this is a similar situation. Now in this case, let's walk through the same scenario again, from your corporate data center if traffic goes to AWS first, it will go to customer gateway from there only one tunnel is up, there is no choice and you have to get to the VGW, VGW will send traffic to EC2 and from there return traffic will come to VGW, now VGW will see that there is only tunnel up, so there is no choice to go through another tunnel of course it will send traffic back from the same tunnel through which the traffic came. So in that case, you don't really need to worry about asymmetric routing because there is only one active tunnel. Now in this case what happens if this tunnel goes down, right? There is no high availability. Now, that's your responsibility that if tunnel one goes down you'd have to make sure tunnel two comes up automatically. And that is more to do on your side of the network, so many routers like Juniper or Cisco would have some mechanism where it can automatically detect that the tunnel one is down and then they will bring up the tunnel two automatically, in case of open tunnel two, we could have written some scripts which continuously monitor the status of tunnel one and if tunnel one goes down for some reason, it will bring up the tunnel two. Now that's active-passive tunnels in that sense. AWS does not have to do anything there, this is completely in your control, which tunnel should be up at any moment. So that's about the active-passive tunnels in case of static routing. Okay now let's move to the dynamic routing, what happens. You know that in case of dynamic routing, the routes are selected based on various BGP preferences. So let's see how it affects your traffic flow. So, this time, we have active-active tunnels and it would make sense to have only active-active tunnels because then there is no purpose of having two tunnels for high availability, right? If it's an active-passive, then it's kind of static routing you're doing, if tunnel goes down, you would have to manually bring up the tunnel. But with dynamic routing, you can use both these tunnel at the same time, in highly available fashion. What that means is you can influence the VGW side of the tunnel selection and say, always use tunnel one probably for some CIDR or maybe using some BGP attributes that we had learned, so VGW will always use tunnel one and in case tunnel one goes down, it can automatically then switch over to tunnel two for all the traffic, now that's the benefit of using dynamic routing. So in this case what we are saying is, again, corporate data center is originating the traffic, it goes to tunnel one and tunnel two based on your configuration, it will reach to virtual private gateway. Now, if you know that if you look at the static routing, same thing might happen here, the VGW might send the traffic back through a tunnel two which will cause asymmetric routing. But with dynamic routing, with BGP you have ways to influence the decision here on the virtual private gateway side, saying that, always use tunnel one, because maybe I am pushing the more specific routes through tunnel a one. So advertise more specific prefixes over tunnel one tunnel two. What that means is, maybe this server falls into a subnet range of 192.168.0.0/24 and so for this BGP session you can publish the CIDR as 192.168.0.0/24 and for tunnel two, you might want to advertise 192.168.0.0/16. Now /24 is more specific than /16, so VGW will always prefer the tunnel one for the return traffic, right? As you know, you can also influence the routing decision in case of BGP using something called ASPATH, that means if tunnel one has shorter ASPATH, VGW will always prefer that particular path rather than tunnel two path if it is longer than the tunnel one is ASPATH, so you can also influence that decision. When ASPATHs are having the same length, then you can use third BGP parameter, that is MED, multi-exit discriminator. What that means is the lowest MED value would take the preference. So from BGP end, from the customer gateway end you can advertise different MED values for both the tunnels and here, VGW of course will choose the tunnel which has lower MED values. Now this is only possible in case of dynamic routing because you are having to BGP peers, one at VGW and other at CGW end. In case of static routing there are no such BGP parameters and that's where all that problem occurs. But in this case, if you have lower MED values, of course VGW will use tunnel one always as a preferred tunnel and then the traffic will go back to your data center and there will be no asymmetric routing. Now the best part is, if tunnel one goes down for some reason, you have another tunnel up all the time, so all the traffic now will be routed through tunnel two. So we are basically influencing the tunnel decision on AWS side of the network using this BGP parameters. So this is very interesting and very important to know for you, may not be directly asked in a exam, but maybe in your day to day work you can analyze why you have asymmetric routing and how to fix that. So, that's it about the active-active and active-passive routing. So just a summary in case of static routing, active-active tunnel mode, AWS randomly select the tunnel for the traffic originating from AWS and make sure that you configure or enable the asymmetric routing on your customer gateway side of the firewall. In case of static routing with active-passive tunnel mode, that means only one tunnel is up at the moment, you don't have to really worry because always that tunnel will be used for both sides of the communication. But it's your responsibility that if one tunnel goes down for some reason, another tunnel is brought up in possibly automated fashion. Now in case of dynamic routing, of course it will make sense to have active-active tunnel mode only because, active-passive, you are just not leveraging the high availability of the tunnels. So in that case, all the BGP parameters will come into the picture, so you can influence the decision on AWS side of the connection that which tunnel to use using maybe a more specific route, more specific prefixes or using shorter ASPATH or lower multi-exit discriminator value. So, that's how you can influence those routing decisions. So that's it about this lecture, I hope you understood the network flow and thanks for watching.