Hello and welcome to this lecture Transit VPC. So far in the VPN category, we saw two options for VPN connection. One was using AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection, and other was using the EC2 based VPN connection. And then we also saw different architectures when to use what, and then we also saw high availability, and everything about these two VPN connection options. Now, in this particular lecture about transit VPC, we are going to club these two concepts together, and then we are going to see how transit VPC solved some different problems, which probably couldn't be solved using just AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection, or just by using EC2-based VPN connection. So Transit VPC is more architectural pattern that you will see in real world, and now we'll see why you need to use Transit VPC, and how the architecture looks like. Now, we saw a couple of architectures with AWS Site-to-Site VPN, something like, when you have to connect multiple data centers to same VPC, you can have all the VPN terminated on virtual private gateway. We already saw this architecture, and then we also saw an architecture where you have to have the routing between multiple data center, and then you can use VPN gateway in an attached mode, or you can also attach to the VPCs to get a full mesh kind of network architecture. So this works well. And if you look at this architecture, typically, we are talking about one VPC, and it is connecting to multiple data centers, right? But in real world, there might be requirement where you have multiple VPCs, and then you have a single data center here, or there could be multiple data centers as well. Now, if you want to do this kind of connectivity, then obviously if you want to have a VPN connection, you would go with AWS Site-to-Site VPN, for example, something like this, right? And that's obvious because you are connecting one on-premise data center to three different VPCs, and these VPCs are not connected to each other. And even if they would have been connected, for example, if you're thinking I just connected to one VPC, and then I peer the other VPCs to VPC A, this is not going to work because of the non-transitive nature of your VPC pairing as well as your VPN connections. So this, for this kind of connectivity, you need to have at least three VPN connection from three VPCs to your corporate data center. And this works well for maybe a small number of VPCs here, and small number of corporate data centers here. We are just talking about one corporate network here, but what if you have multiple corporate networks like branch offices? Now if you want to have full mesh connectivity between this, all the networks, then solution would be something like this, right? You would need to have nine VPN connection between this because it's like one to one connection between all these networks. And you can imagine this is now getting complicated, right? And then you go on adding multiple VPCs, and multiple corporate networks, then it'll be all mesh or all mess I would say, of the network connections. And then it is really difficult to manage that scale of the network. So we need a simplified solution here. And as I said, the simplified solution is something a mix of AWS managed VPN and EC2-based VPN. So the solution is this. You have to have one VPC which contains your software VPN on EC2, and then you terminate all your VPN connection to this EC2 instance. Now if you see this, on AWS VPC side, you have virtual private gateway similar to, I mean, we are using still AWS managed VPN, but we are terminating that VPN on this EC2 machine. And from here you are also having the VPN connection with your customer gateway. Now this VPN connection is not AWS managed of course this is EC2, that is again, it's your custom VPN solution, and on customer side as well, you would have your custom VPN solution here. But all this spoke VPC connections are still the AWS managed VPN connection. So this is transit VPC architecture, which allows you to connect multiple networks centrally, right? So that's how it works. Now, let's understand why you need Transit VPC, and what are the benefits? So one of the benefit, of course, you could see here I can have just one centralized network, and which handles all the routing for these networks at centralized place. So, another use case is to use Advanced Threat Protection. Now you can very well put your Advanced Threat Protection software on top of this EC2 machine, and you get the same level of security which you might have otherwise on deployed on any of the on-premises server, and then all the traffic need to go to first to optimize server, and from there, you allow maybe the outbound network connection. But here you are managing that centrally, and that simplifies again, the management of your Advanced Threat Protection softwares. Third, you can also have the situations where your VPCs and your on-premise network may have the overlapping CIDRs. So, so far we haven't talked about this, and we always say like, you know, you can connect VPC to on-premises server, but at one place probably I hadn't mentioned that you can't have the overlapping CIDRs because AWS virtual private gateway does not provide the NAT functionality, right? So in that case, of course, here you have better control because all your traffic is landing first to this EC2 instance. So if you have the overlapping CIDR like you can see here, I have ranges with /24 and I have the wider range with /16, and this CIDR addresses are overlapping. Now in this case, of course, the solution is to have something called a NAT functionality. So I would have this VPC, which of course has does not have the overlapping CIDRs with any of these VPCs and corporate data center. And I can make my choices because I'm going to create this VPC later. And then this EC2 instance would have its public IP where I'm terminating these VPN connections, and then I can configure this EC2 as a NAT which does the source NAT as well as destination NAT to do the address translation for overlapping CIDRs. So, how to do that configuration, you can very well refer the documentation of what are VPN software you put here, but that's very well possible to now have overlapping CIDR at both the end of these VPN connections. So that's a third use case it can solve. Then comes the transit your routing. Now as you know through AWS managed VPN connection, you couldn't access a Peered VPC for example or VPC endpoints which are provisioned into a centralized VPC, but as now the traffic is terminating on EC2 machine here, you can very well go out to internet from here, or if you have VPC endpoint, which goes to the S3 or DynamoDB, or it goes to the other AWS Services, we learned what VPC endpoint means in a different section. But now through this architecture, from any connections you can reach to your, you know, other networks via are this centralized EC2 machine. So it allows you to have the transitive routing enabled. Whatever remote networks this centralized VPC is connected to, you can reach to those remote networks because this is not, you know, AWS Managed VPN, right, it is software based VPN. So that's a fourth use case, and the fifth use cases Client to Site VPN connection. We haven't talked about Client to Site VPN so far, but we'll learn about that, but ultimately what it means, you have a laptop which is a client, and you want to connect to a secured network privately, then you use a Client to Site VPN. Now, what if you want to connect to multiple VPCs, then of course then you need to have then, multiple Client to Site VPN connections there, right? Rather you can have connection to your, again, the Transit VPC and then from there, you can access any of this VPC. So that's another use case for using the Transit VPC. So yeah, I mean we saw a lot of things here, but let's recap that because it is important to understand why and when to use a Transit VPC. So first, when multiple VPCs needs to be connected with on-premise networks, so multiple network could be both side as well. Then, if you want to deploy Advanced Threat Protection where you know, your traffic should be routed through a centralized firewall system, then when you want to connect to your on-premises network having overlapping CIDRs where you are, EC2 machine on which you're terminating your VPN acts as a NAT. Then when you have to allow access to remote networks, like, Spoke VPCs or on-Premise network to endpoint hosted in a Transit VPC. That's what we saw, if you have VPC endpoints provisioned inside your Centralized VPC, then you can access those networks as well. And finally, when you have to have Client to Site VPN connection, using just one VPN connection, you can have access to all the VPCs. You don't need to have separate Client to Site VPN connections there. So these are the typical use cases for using the Transit VPCs. Okay, with that, let's now look at slightly different architecture of transit VPC which is called Transit Hub. And it is a well-known solution, and well-known architecture whenever you want to have a transit VPC kind of architecture but maybe highly available network there because you could see, right, earlier, we just used one EC2 instance where all your VPN connections are terminating. Now what if that EC2 goes down, right, that's a problem. So you need to have a beta, production ready solution, and that's called Transit Hub. And this is a little complicated diagram, but let's try to understand that. So this is a centralized VPC, right, where all the VPN connection would terminate, and for high availability you would have two AZs. And in these two AZs, you would have two different VPN software deployed on corresponding EC2, right, that's what is shown here. Now, all these EC2 instances will be connected with redundant VPN connection to your Spoke VPCs. So again, for high availability. And then, also similarly, there will be a redundant connection to your on-premise data center network as well. As I said, you could also have transitive routing. That means if you have VPC endpoint configured to access S3 or other services like KMS or API Gateway, or anything, you can provision your gateways in this VPC, and then you can access those gateways, or those AWS services either from your VPCs as well as from your on-premise network. So this architecture is called Transit Hub. So, you can use EC2 with VPN software like PaloAlto, or Avitarix or CheckPoint, and you deploy it in multi AZ fashion for high availability. Then each Spoke VPC has a virtual private gateway where you terminate your VPN connection. So we are still using AWS Managed VPN here for your VPCs. Then, on-premises established a VPN connection to the transit hub, that's what is shown here. But interestingly, it not be just a VPN connection from on-premises to this EC2, you could very well use AWS Direct Connect. So we haven't talked about Direct Connect yet, but it's a different kind of private connectivity between on-premises and AWS. So you can use Direct Connect as well. And this architecture would ultimately give you the full mesh of the communication between VPCs, between on-premises VPN, and then if you're using Direct Connect, then it also provides that connectivity. So this solution is called Transit VPC Architecture for Transit Hub. And now I want to just mention this thing that if you already went through the Transit Gateway section, then you already know that whatever architecture we saw with the Transit VPC very much possible with the Transit Gateways as well, and it simplifies the network architecture at great level. So going forward, you will see Transit Gateway being used in most of the places where Transit VPC used to be used, but then there are certain use cases for which still Transit VPC makes sense. But overall, if you look at the Transit Gateway, it essentially does the same thing. It can connect your VPCs together, it can connect to your on-premises network over the VPN connection or a Direct Connect connection. And for centralized inspection, like for using your own IPS IDS tool and network monitoring you could deploy that on EC2 machines inside a centralized VPC, and then Transit Gateway can route traffic through that inspection VPC. Now, very much similar to the Transit VPC, right? So in the exam, typically all the questions will lean towards Transit Gateway, then the Transit VPC. But then there are certain scenarios, for example, I can think of, say, network address translation between overlapping network addresses. So if there are overlapping addresses at both ends, then Transit Gateway does not support that. And for that you need to do NAT in the middle, right? And with Transit VPC, that is very much possible. But rest of the features that we talked about, very much possible with the Transit Gateway. So that's about the Transit VPC.