So let's talk about a few security concerns with ECR. So the first one is that you can have integration between KMS and ECR by encrypting your ECR repositories at rest using your KMS keys. So your images will be encrypted and they are encrypted using the envelope encryption technique thanks to Data Encryption Key. And you can only enable the encryption at the Repository Creation. So in case you want to encrypt an unencrypted repo, you have to create a new repo that is encrypted and then migrate over the images. ECR, the way it works to encrypt these images will use a KMS Grant on your behalf to interact with KMS. And so this Grant, again, makes sure to have the DescribeKey, Decrypt, GenerateDataKey, and RetireGrant permissions. This is when you delete the repo. So this should make sense by now. What is new to you, for example, is the fact that you can only enable the KMS encryption at the Repository Creation type. ECR has a featured name image scanning which allows you to find software vulnerabilities in your container images. So we have multiple level of scanning. The first one is Basic Scanning where Amazon ECR is going to look for vulnerabilities in a common open-source database which has all these common vulnerabilities and Exposure CVE. And you can configure your repository to either scan on push whenever you push an image to your repo or to just scan manually when you prefer. We also have the Advanced Scanning. So this is using Amazon Inspector as an external service. And so what's going to happen is that Amazon Inspector is going to scan these images continuously, and automatically, and on top of it, it's going to be able to scan both the operating system as well as the programming language package vulnerabilities. So it's an advanced type of scanning, and it happens continuously. And whenever Inspector has heard of new vulnerabilities, it's going to scan again, your images. Any type of findings Inspector will have will end up in Amazon EventBridge from which we can build automations such as with SNS or Lambda. Finally, it's possible for you to specify Scan Filters to specify which repositories are going to be scanned. And so for example, if you specify *prod*, that means you're going to match anything that has prod in the repo name and then scanning will be automatically enabled for these repos. What about cross-account access for your ECR repo? So let's say we have a container image in an account and another account wants to access it. Well, you may have guessed it. The one way to do it is to use a repository policy which is a resource policy, and this will allow the target account to issue commands against our repo. So the way it works that when you do a login from account B to get a Docker login, please make sure to reference the first account as the URL to authenticate. You're going to get an authentication token out of it, and then you can just simply push the image with the correct name to push into the target ECR repository. Same for pulling images. So fairly simple. The whole magic happens with a repository policy. So some troubleshooting around ECR. If you have a 403 forbidden error or No Basic Auth Credentials error, and even if you've successfully gotten a Docker login with ecr get-login-password, you may have this error. So the reason that could be of the source of the issue is that you have authenticated to a different AWS region, and so the Docker login does not work across region. You need to get a new one for it, or this Docker login was successfully issued, but then you don't have the necessary IAM permissions to push or pull or we have an authentication token and it has expired because it's only valid for 12 hours. All right, that's it for ECR. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.