So now let's talk about AWS Verified Access. So it's a service that allows you to provide secure access to your corporate internal applications without the need of a VPN. So this is allowing your employees to connect your applications from any network, remotely, without the use of VPN. For this, it uses what's called the Zero Trust principles. That means that instead of just relying on network security, for example, a VPN, which will be network security, instead we use the normal internet, but we will verify the user identity, as well as the device the user is using, continuously, for every request. So this allows us to get fine-grained access for your applications, and to validate each application request in real-time, through AWS verified access. The result of that is that you can have a simplified network diagram and simplified access, all without using a VPN. So your users first have to identify to verify access, and so we can use IAM Identity Center, or a third party, OIDC IdP, and then by implementing the correct permissions, you have defined whether or not the users have access to which application, in a central place. On top of it, you have integration with WAF, the web application firewall, to prevent threats and attacks against AWS verified access. And all logs of all the requests can be sent into Amazon S3, CloudWatch Logs, Kinesis Data Firehose, or a third party. So let's take an example of this application. It's an ALB, it's in a private subnet, and we have EC2 instances, and we want to expose this application to the web, but using verified access. So we want our users to access our application using app.example.com Remember, this is a corporate application. So we're going to create an AWS Verified Access service, including an endpoint. And so we have to define how, first of all, the users have to authenticate to that endpoint. And so the trust providers can be defined either as IAM Identity Center or an OIDC compatible identity provider. Once we have this, then we apply the access policy, and if the access policy says that the device and the user can access the application, then we're good to go. The access will be provided from a network perspective. On top of it, we have integration with AWS WAF to get protected against common attacks, and all the logs are logged into CloudWatch Logs, Amazon S3, and Kinesis Data Firehose, if you wanted to. Finally, as a note, you should know that AWS Verified Access can send traffic either to an application balancer or any elastic network interface. Okay? So remember, AWS Verified Access is to give access to corporate applications without the use of a VPN, while maintaining Zero Trust principles. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.