-: Hello, and welcome to this section. In this section, we learn about observability in Kubernetes. We will discuss about readiness and liveness probes, logging and monitoring concepts. Let us start with readiness probes. We discuss about pod lifecycle in detail in another lecture, however, as a prerequisite for this lecture, we will quickly recap a few different stages in the life cycle of a pod. A pod has a pod status, and some conditions. The pod status tells us where the pod is in its lifecycle. When a pod is first created, it is in a pending state. This is when the scheduler tries to figure out where to place the pod. If the scheduler cannot find the node to place the pod, it remains in a pending state. To find out why it's stuck in a pending state, run the kubectl describe pod command and it will tell you exactly why. Once the pod is scheduled, it goes into a container creating status where the images required for the application are pulled and the container starts. Once all the containers in a pod starts, it goes into a running state where it continues to be until the program completes successfully or is terminated. You can see the pod status in the output of the kubectl get pods command. So remember, at any point in time, the pod status can only be one of these values, and only gives us a high-level summary of a pod. However, at times, you may want additional information. Conditions complement pod status. It is an array of true or false values that tell us the state of a pod. When a pod is scheduled on a node, the pod scheduled condition is set to true. When the pod is initialized, its value is set to true. We know that a pod has multiple containers. When all the containers in the pod are ready, the container's ready condition is set to true. And finally, the pod itself is considered to be ready. To see the state of pod conditions, run the kubectl describe pod command and look for the conditions section. You can also see the ready state of the pod in the output of the kubectl get pods command. And that is the condition we are interested in for this lecture. The ready conditions indicate that the application inside the pod is running and is ready to accept user traffic. What does that really mean? The containers could be running different kinds of applications in them. It could be a simple script that performs the job. It could be a database service or a large web server serving front end users. The script may take a few milliseconds to get ready. The database service may take a few seconds to power up. Some web servers could take several minutes to warm up. If you try to run an instance of a Jenkins server, you will notice that it takes about 10 to 15 seconds for the server to initialize before a user can access the web UI. Even after the web UI is initialized, it takes a few seconds for the server to warm up and be ready to serve users. During this wait period, if you look at the state of the pod, it continues to indicate that the pod is ready, which is not very true. So why is that happening and how does Kubernetes know whether the application inside the container is actually running or not? But before we get into that discussion, why does it matter if the state is reported incorrectly? Let's look at a simple scenario where you create a pod and expose it to external users using a service. The service will route traffic to the pod immediately. The service relies on the pod's ready condition to route traffic. By default, Kubernetes assumes that as soon as the container is created, it is ready to serve user traffic. So it sets the value after ready condition for each container to true. But if the application within the container took longer to get ready, the service is unaware of it and sends traffic through as a container is already in a ready state, causing users to hit a pod that isn't yet running a live application. What we need here is a way to tie the ready condition to the actual state of the application inside the container. As a developer of the application, you know better what it means for the application to be ready. There are different ways that you can define if an application inside a container is actually ready. You can set up different kinds of tests or probes, which is the appropriate term. In case of a web application, it could be when the API server is up and running. So you could run an HTTP test to see if the API server responds. In case of a database, you may test to see if a particular TCP socket is listening. Or you may simply execute a command within the container to run a custom script that would exit successfully if the application is ready. So how do you configure that test? In the pod definition file, add a new field called readiness probe and use the HTTP get option. Specify the port and the ready API. Now when the container is created, Kubernetes does not immediately set the ready condition on the container to true. Instead, it performs a test to see if the API responds positively. Until then, the service does not forward any traffic to the pod as it sees that the pod is not ready. There are different ways a probe can be configured. For HTTP, use the HTTP get option with the path and the port. For TCP, use the TCP socket option with the port. And for executing a command, specify the exec option with the command and options in an array format. There are some additional options as well. If you know that your application will take a minimum of say 10 seconds to warm up, you can add an additional delay to the probe. If you'd like to specify how often to probe, you can do that using the period seconds option. By default, if the application is not not ready after three attempts, the probe will stop. If you'd like to make more attempts, use the failure threshold option. We will look through more options in the documentation walkthrough. Finally, let us look at how readiness probes are useful in a multi-pod setup. Say you have a replica set or deployment with multiple pods and a service serving traffic to all the pods. There are two pods already serving users. Say you were to add an additional pod and let's say the pod takes a minute to warm up, without the readiness probe configured correctly, the service would immediately start routing traffic to the new pod. That will result in service disruption to at least some of the users. Instead, if the pods were configured with the correct readiness probe, the service will continue to serve traffic only to the older pods and wait until the new pod is ready. Once ready, the traffic will be routed to the new pod as well, ensuring no users are affected. Well, that's it for this lecture. Head over and practice what you learned in the coding exercises section.