-: Hello and welcome to this lecture. My name is Mumshad Mannambeth, and we are learning the certified Kubernetes application developers course. In this lecture, we will talk about liveness probes. Let's start from the basics. You run an image of NGINX using Docker, and it starts to serve users. For some reason, the web server crashes, and the NGINX process exits. The container exits as well. And you can see the status of the container when you run the Docker ps command. Since Docker is not an orchestration engine, the container continues to stay dead and deny services to users until you manually create a new container. Enter Kubernetes orchestration. You run the same web application with Kubernetes. Every time the application crashes, Kubernetes makes an attempt to restart the container to restore service to users. You can see the count of restarts increase in the output of kube control, get Pods command. Now this works just fine. However, what if the application is not really working, but the container continues to stay alive? Say for example, due to a bug in the code, the application is stuck in an infinite loop. As far as Kubernetes is concerned, the container is up so the application is assumed to be up. But the users, hitting the container, are not served. In that case, the container needs to be restarted or destroyed, and a new container is to be brought up. That is where the liveness probe can help us. A liveness probe can be configured on the container to periodically test whether the application within the container is actually healthy. If the test fails, the container is considered unhealthy and is destroyed and recreated. But again, as a developer, you get to define what it means for an application to be healthy. In case of a web application, it could be when the API server is up and running. In case of database, you may test to see if a particular TCP Socket is listening, or you may simply execute a command to perform a test. The liveness probe is configured in the pod definition file as you did with the readiness probe. Except here you use liveness instead of readiness. Similar to readiness probe, you have a SCTP get option for APIs, TCP Socket for ports, and exec for commands. As well as additional options like initial delay before the test is run, periodSeconds to define the frequency, and success and failure thresholds. Well, that's it for this lecture. Head over and practice what you learn in the coding exercises section. We have some fun and challenging exercises where you will be required to configure probes as well as troubleshoot and fix issues with existing probes. See you in the next lecture.