Instructor: Let us now go through the lab for managing application logs. So we'll go through and review a few applications and then how to review the logs of these applications and get useful information. Right, so we've deployed a pod hosting an application inspected and wait for it to start. So it's the kubectl pods and we see that it's running. Yeah, let's click on okay. Now, a user, user five has expressed concerns accessing the application. Identify the cause and inspect the logs. So let's take a look... at the logs. This application. And we see that there are, logs here and it says, user five. So user five, that's user five. And we see that the, the cause is the the user failed to login as the account is locked due to too many failed attempts. So it's account logged due to many failed attempts. That's the correct answer. Okay, the next one is, now have a new application deployed as web app two. And if you see a user is reporting issues while trying to purchase an item, identify the user and the cause of the issue, inspect the logs of the web app. So let's look at the logs. Logs again. Now it says a container name must be specified for the pod web app two. So this is because if you look at this, this web application has two containers and they're ready. So if, if there are two containers, you must specify which containers logs that is it, that we wanna see. So there's a simple web app and there's a db. So we're looking at the web application. So we'll just specify web app and we can see the logs. And the question is a user is reporting issues while trying to purchase an item. So we've gotta identify the user and the cause of the issue. So if you look at this, these are all normal events, but these are warnings. So let's look at the warnings. So user five, failed to log in, that's not the issue here. This one says user 30 order, order failed as item is out of stock. So that seems to be, and that's those are the only two issues. So this, this seems to be the correct one. It's user 30 and item out of stock. Okay, so that's a quick lab for viewing logs of an application.