-: Okay. In this lab we get familiar with the, um, monitoring cluster components. So, the first, um, question is we have deployed a few pods running workloads, so inspect them. Let's do a Kubectl pods command. And we see that there are indeed three pods, elephant, lion and rabbit. And they have, they're all in, in a running state. So, let's go ahead and what we need to do is monitor the resources consumed by each of these pods. And, for that, we need to deploy the metric server. And, and, for this, uh, we have a Git-repo with the settings for the metric server, uh, that will work for our labs. So, we're just going to use that. But, if you're, if you're trying this in your own environment or in, um, for a production environment. So remember, do not use this for production use cases because there are changes that are in here and that are done just to make this work with this particular lab exercise. And just to make it easy for, for us to deploy it. So do not use this for a production use case. Always remember to refer to the official documentation on the metric server. To, to deploy one, one in your environment. So let's wait for, okay, so this is cloned. And if you look at this, you have you have the files here that are required to deploy the metric server. Let's go ahead. Okay, so the next step is to deploy the metric server by creating this component. So we're just going to do a Kubectl create -F dot. And that creates all, all of the objects required to deploy the metric server. Okay, let's go next. And at times, it might take a few minutes for the metric servers to start gathering and reporting data. And so if you do Kubectl up node. Yep, it seems to be working already. So yes, that's, that's working now. So we can, we can proceed. Okay. The next question is to identify the node that consumes the most CPU. So here you can see two nodes, and the CPU consumption of, of the two. So, node zero one has 57 millicores and the control plane consumes about 470 millicores. And if you look at it, the percentage is just 1%, but,but still, you can see there's a difference between the two. And of course that's because the control plane has all the control plane components running on it. So to answer this question the most CPU consumption is by the control plane. So, let's select that. The next one is to identify the node that consumes the most memory. If you look at the memory consumption here. Again, we know we can see that the control plane consumes most memory. So, The answer to this is control plane, again. Um, the next question is to identify the pod that consumes the most memory. So, the pod this time. So you can get that by running the Kubectl top pod command. And here you can see the memory consumption and the CPU consumption. If you look at the memory consumption you can see that it's rabbit. Rabbit consumes the most memory. So that's um, the answer to this, is rabbit. And the next question is to identify the pod that consumes the least CPU. So, here you can see it's lion. This consumes one millicore of CPU. So, select lion and that should be it. So basically, that's a quick introduction to deploying the metrics server and also, just, using the commands to look at its reporting and identify basic information. Right. Thank you.