So a common exam question you may get is the fact that the wait condition did not receive the required number of signals from an Amazon EC2 instance. So it could be several reasons to this. First of all, it could be that the AMI you're using doesn't have the CloudFormation helper scripts installed. So if it doesn't include them, you can install them of course to your instance. You must also verify the output of the cfn-init and the cfn-signal commands. So a couple of log files can give you a lot of information into how these commands went. But of course, to get access to your instance, you must first disable the rollback on failure of CloudFormation, otherwise, automatically CloudFormation is going to delete the failed EC2 instance as soon as it goes into a failed state, into a delete state. So it's important to disable rollback so you can debug and actually go into your instance to figure out what happened. Also, you need to make sure that the EC2 instance does have access to the internet, especially if you launch it in the private subnet, because well, it needs to be able to communicate with the CloudFormation service. So for this, you can run, for example, a quick connectivity test to the Amazon.com website. So now I've opened the file cfn-signal-failure, and you'll find that everything is the same as before. The only difference is that now in my CloudFormation in its block, under commands, I echo boom and then I exit 1. So this command is going to be generating an error because we have an exit 1 and 1 is a non-zero status code, which means that there is an error. And so because this command is going to fail, then my cfn in its script is going to fail, and therefore my INIT STATUS will be 1 because the error returned was 1, and therefore the CFN signal command is going to pass this 1 error status to CloudFormation, which should make CloudFormation fail. So let's observe this behavior right now by going back into CloudFormation creating a stack in this I will choose 3-cfn-signal-failure.yaml, and I'll call this one cfn-signal-failure-demo. Next, next, and then submit. And let's have a look at the process in details. So as we can see now, we have an SH security group that is being created, an EC2 instance being created and we have a wait condition. And so what needs to happen is for my EC2 instance to bootstrap and so to be properly created then to run the script and it should fail and let our wait condition know that there was an issue with CFN signal. So as we can see now, my instance was in create complete and then about 30 seconds later, the wait condition returned a create fail because it received a failure signal with this unique ID. So a failure was communicated by the EC2 instance and therefore now everything is being deleted, the entire stack is being rolled back, and then the instance is being deleted, the wait condition is being deleted, and then my security group will be deleted. So we're very happy because, well, a failure in the bootstrap of my EC2 instance resulted in the failure of the CloudFormation stack and for everything to roll back and to be deleted. But if I wanted to debug things, this is not very convenient. So to debug things, you need to use a different rollback setting that I will show you in a second. So again, you upload a file, this one, next, enter whatever name, and then here, under stack failure options, you need to make sure to, instead of rolling back all stack resources, instead to preserve successfully provision resources to know exactly what has malfunction. So you can, for example, use EC2 instance connect, look at the logs and see what happens, and then figure out the root cause of your problems, especially helpful during your development cycles. So I hope that was helpful. I hope you understand now the power of CFN signal and the wait conditions. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.