Now let's talk about CloudFormation Drift. So we know that CloudFormation allows you to create infrastructure, but it doesn't protect you against performing manual configuration changes to whatever you create. And so how do we know if your resource configuration has changed? How do we know if they have drifted? So drifted is the same as changed. For this we can use, of course, CloudFormation Drift. So the idea is that we upload a template into CloudFormation, for example, this one creates a security group. But we're going to modify this using the EC2 console to change it to that. Then using the Drift feature, CloudFormation is going to compare the configuration of your security group to what is expected, and is going to tell you that it has drifted. And this is very handy. So you can detect the drift on an entire stack or even individual resources within a stack. So you can also use the CloudFormation Drift detection on StackSets. And the idea is that when you apply this, it's going to apply drift on every stack instance within the StackSets. So in case there are problems and resources have drifted, then the stack will be considered drifted. Every the stack instance as well will be considered drifted and the StackSet as well. So again, all these warnings will be displayed at the resource stack, stack instance, and StackSet level. So drift detection is going to allow you to really identify any unmanaged changes outside of CloudFormation. And then if it's made through CloudFormation though, but not at the StackSet level, then it's not considered drifted, although it's not best practice to update a stack instance outside of a StackSets. And you can also stop this drift detection on the StackSet if you wanted to. Alright, so now let's have a look at this drifting feature. So let's go ahead and practice drift by creating a stack. The template is ready. I'm going to upload it, and we'll choose 3-drift-security-group.yaml. We can view this template in the designer, just to have a look. And if you look at the template itself, which is not very handy here, we have two security groups, one and two. And if we look at them, there is an SSHSecurityGroup and an HTTPSecurityGroup as well as a VPC parameter to link it to the security groups. And so we want to do is to ensure that the configuration of the security groups has not changed over time. So let's go ahead and first create the template. So I'm clicked on the Cloud upload button, which is going to make me click on Next, and then I'll call it DemoDriftSG. We need to specify a VPC ID. So I will use drop down and specify my default one. Click on Next, scroll down and click on Create Stack. So the effect of this is that this is going to create two security groups for me. And as you can expect, I'm going to change manually the security group configuration. So this should be very quick. The security groups are in create in progress, and they're now both completed. So if I go to Resources, I have a link to my both security groups. So if I go to my HTTP security group under Inbound Rule, I can edit it. And for example, I can change this rule to say that I want a different CIDR, and I can add a description. So Foobar and then this one maybe I want to add HTTPS as well in this security group from anywhere. Okay, click on Save Rule. And in terms of the other security group, which is right here, this one I can go into Inbound Rule and I can edit them and just delete this rule overall. And click on Save. So obviously the configuration of our security groups have changed, and so therefore I'm going to have to detect the drift. But right now CloudFormation is not aware that anything has changed. So to make it aware, we can click on Stack Actions and then click on Detect Drift. And this is going to start a drift detection mechanism. And then under Stack Action view Drift results, you can look at the results. And as you can see, it's already finished. The drift status is drifted. And so there are two modified security groups, and we can click on one for example and click on View drift detail. So it is saying that the CIDR IP is not equal, and there's been one rule added. So there are two differences, and it shows us what the expected configuration is and what the actual configuration is. So as we can see here, well they're not equal. And so we can go ahead and either update our templates to match the actual configuration, because maybe this is something we want to include in our templates, or we want to revert our stack by making sure this is applied instead. And we could go, for example, into CloudTrail to understand who has changed our security group, and when to really understand the root cause of this. And so for the SSH security group, again, I can click on View drift details and it's modified. And we can see here there's a change. This rule has been removed, and so the expected is this and the actual is that. So it's really, really cool to see really the drift, because they're really helpful to know if your CloudFormation templates have drifted once in a while. So I would recommend for you to run the drift quite often. If you can. You can also access the Drift menu from the left hand side on the Drifts, and this will take you to the Drift menu. But that's it. And when you're done, just delete this template and you're good to go. I will see you in the next lecture.