So let's go over a little bit of troubleshooting on CloudFormation. So if you have a DELETE_FAILED status, that means that you're trying to delete a stack, but somehow the delete did not work. So it could be a reason such as some resources must be emptied before being deleted, such as your S3 buckets. So this is a very common exam question. If your S3 buckets cannot be deleted, it's because they're not empty. So either you empty them manually or you use Custom Resources with Lambda functions to automate the emptying action of your S3 buckets. Also, for example, you cannot delete a security group if other EC2 instances are using the group. And so therefore, if you're using, for example, different stacks that use the same security group, or you've done a manual attachment of that security group to other instances, then, of course, the delete will be failing because it cannot be deleted even if you try through the console. Also, if you have too much trouble with the deletion of a resource, you can use DeletionPolicy=Retain and it's going to skip the deletion of that specific resource. If you get UPDATE_ROLLBACK_FAILED, that means that you didn't update, it failed, and then it tried to rollback and even the rollback has failed. So this could mean several things. This can be caused by resources changed outside of CloudFormation. This could be insufficient IAM permissions. This could be an Auto Scaling Group that doesn't receive enough signals, and so on. So the advice here is to manually fix the error to make sure that you've troubleshooted it and it works, and usually the event log is going to give you some hints. And then once you know the errors have been fixed, you need to issue an API call called ContinueUpdateRollback. The rollback will continue and hopefully, because you fixed the error, the rollback will be successful at the end. Now, for StackSets troubleshooting, so for example, you'll have a stack operation, it has failed, and then the stack instance status is going to be an OUTDATED. So it could be an issue with insufficient permissions in the target accounts for creating the resources that are specified in your templates. Or the template could be trying to create global resources, but they must be unique. For example, if you have an S3 bucket, the name should be unique and if you specified a name in your template, then in one of the stack instances, it's going to work, but in another account or another region, it's not going to work because the name will have already been taken, by you, of course. And so it could also be an issue with trust relationship. For example, the admin account does not have the required trust relationship with the target accounts. Or for example, you're creating EC2 instances and somehow in one of the target accounts, you've created one too many EC2 instances and therefore, you'll have reached a limit or a quota and you will have an issue with that specific stack instance. So StackSets are a bit more difficult to troubleshoot because you're deploying the same stack to many accounts and for some reason, for some accounts, it may not work again based on permissions, quotas, resource names, and so on. So it's something to have a look at and something to be able to troubleshoot. Other things you need to troubleshoot is that, for example, you cannot set an EC2 instance PrivateDnsName in the CloudFormation templates. There is no PrivateDnsName attributes. And as a matter of fact, you can't set anything that you wouldn't be able to set through the AWS Console. So the exam may test you on this. It's less of a CloudFormation question and more about, can you set this property on this resource? So think about, can you set it through the console, yes or no? If you can, then yes, you can set it for CloudFormation. If you cannot, then you cannot through CloudFormation. This is something that can come with the exam. Also, if your CloudFormation template works in one region but doesn't work when deployed in another region, several reasons. It could be that the services you're using in the one region are not available in the other region. It could be that you're using AMI IDs that have been hardcoded in the templates. And so therefore, because AMI IDs are regional, if you don't transport them to a new region, they will not work. And also check for any hardcoded region-specific values. For example, ARNs. Finally, check unique names for resources that are required. For example, if you set an S3 bucket name to something because it's a global name, then if you move the CloudFormation to another region without first deleting the S3 bucket, then it will not work as well. All right, so that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.