Welcome back. In the earlier lecture we already created Azure Account and we made ourself familiar with the Azure portal, Azure Web UI. Now it's time to get into the data bricks. So first thing for learning data bricks or using data bricks for your project is to create a Databricks workspace. We are in the Azure cloud. We want to learn how to create Databricks workspace in the Azure cloud. So in this lecture I'll help you learn how to create a Databricks workspace in Azure Cloud and get access to the Databricks platform. So let's start. For creating Databricks workspace in the Azure cloud, you have to log in to your Azure portal. So let me go there. Login to portal.azure.com and get into your Azure Cloud. Uh, here I am. So. I am on the Azure Portal home page. The Azure Portal home page might not look the same for you as it looks for me. Uh, but nothing to worry. On your home page, you might see a link for Azure Databricks. If you are new, you might not see that because this is a list of frequently used services. So if you are new on the Azure portal or you created a new account, you might not see all this, but nothing to worry. We want to go to the Azure Databricks Service home page so you can go there, uh, simply searching the Azure Databricks in the search bar. So go to search bar and search for Azure Databricks. And you will see a link for the Azure Databricks. Click that link and it will take you to the Azure Databricks Service home page. And this is the page where you will see all your Databricks workspaces. I haven't created even a single workspace yet, so I don't see anyone here. But the idea is for your projects, you might want to create multiple Databricks workspaces, maybe one workspace for one project, another workspace for another project, third workspace for third project, or even you can have multiple workspaces for a single project. For example, you can have one workspace for development environment, another Databricks workspace for QA, and maybe for one more for production. So you may have multiple workspaces in a typical case. But let's start with the first workspace so you can create a new Databricks workspace. Hit the create button here and Azure will show you a Databricks Workspace Creation Wizard. Here it is. And there are multiple tabs where we can define different things. Uh, the first tab is the basic tab. And on this basic tab you have to choose your subscription. Subscription is your billing account. I am using pay as you go subscription for myself. You might be using free tier subscription, but that's perfectly fine. You can use free tier subscription, or you may opt to upgrade your free tier subscription to pay as you go. Uh, the recommendation is that upgrade your free tier subscription to pay as you go, because free tier subscription comes with a lot of restrictions, which might not be sufficient. Um, for this course, for doing everything that we want to do, uh, in this course. So you can upgrade your free tier subscription to pay as you go subscription and still use your 200, uh, US dollars free credits for one month. If you upgrade, your credits will still remain with you for one month, and Azure will not charge you anything. It. All your, uh, expenses are adjusted against your $200 free credits. But once your credit expires in a month, uh, Azure will start charging you for your services, which is not very expensive. I'll keep on helping you minimize your, uh, cost during this course for all your hands on activity. And maybe keep on giving you some estimates of how much, uh, it might cost you for doing what activities. So you can plan to spend some money for your Azure, uh, cloud for learning this course. Anyways, so I'm using my pay as you go subscription. The second thing that we need to specify is the resource group. So what is the resource group. You can get the help here. A resource group is a collection of resources. It's just a name and all your resources or services. Whatever you are creating for your project can be grouped under that name. And that group share the same lifecycle permissions and policies. So what it means you can group multiple resources under a single resource group. So you know that all these resources are related for one project right. And if you want to delete them, you can delete the resource group. And all the resources that are under that same resource group can be deleted at once in one single shot. So it's always, uh, recommended to create one resource group for your project or one resource group for your learning activity and keep everything in the same resource group. So when time comes to clean up, you can clean up it easily. So let me create a new resource group because this is the first time I'm creating, um, this workspace and I don't have any existing resource group. So let's create a new resource group, let's call it, uh, Databricks. Course. RG. I. It's a good practice to, uh, keep some, uh, tag in the name so you can recognize what it is. So Databricks course RG RG stands for resource group. So I can identify okay. This is a resource group. Click okay. And. Uh data. Azure will create a resource group for you. The next mandatory uh field is workspace name. So we want to create a new workspace Databricks Workspace. So it let's give a name to the Databricks workspace. Let's call it. In Databricks. Course workspace. You can call it Dev workspace. You can call it, um, QA workspace or whatever name you can, uh, want, you can give. The next thing is to select your, uh, deployment region, your cloud region. So I'll go for us east. Uh, that's the cheapest region in Azure. So I prefer using us east. The next item is to select pricing tier. This pricing tier is for Databricks pricing tier Databricks offers two pricing tiers standard pricing tier and premium pricing tier. Standard is little cheap. Premium pricing tier is little expensive. The main difference between standard and premium is role based access control. So premium tier comes with role based access control and few other features are also there in the premium, which are not there in the standard tier. You can look for the documentation, Databricks documentation, what is there in standard, what is not there in standard, but in the premium? Everything is there. I'll go for the premium because we want to see everything and choose the premium tier for this. Uh, you can go to next button and configure networking then encryption, apply some tags and then finally create the Databricks workspace. But at this stage it is not mandatory to go all these uh steps. We can go for the default configurations for that. And you can simply hit the review and create button at uh right now. So let me hit the review and create button. And Azure will validate all my configurations. If everything looks fine it will allow me to create the workspace. So validation successful. And you can see the create button here right. So let me hit the create button and it will start creating Databricks Workspace for me. So what is Databricks Workspace. Databricks workspace is nothing but a Databricks application a serverless application. So what Azure is doing it's launching Databricks serverless application for me. And the name for that serverless application instance is Databricks Course Workspace. Right. Once it is ready, I can access the Databricks workspace using a UI and start using Databricks for my data engineering project, for my development activity, for my testing activity, for a lot of other things that we will learn in this course. So deployment is in progress. Uh, it might take maybe five, ten minutes to finish the deployment. So I'll pause the video here and come back again. Uh, when deployment is complete. Okay. So deployment is complete for my workspace. And you can see a link here. Go to resource. So you can click this go to resource and it will take you to our resource page. So this is my Databricks Workspace resource page in the Azure cloud. It's not Databricks workspace yet. But if I want to go to Databricks Workspace I can click the Launch Workspace button. It will open in a new tab and it will show me my Databricks workspace. So it's always linked with the Azure account. So uh, it works on a single sign on. So. My workspace is already logged in using my Azure credentials, so it's opening for the first time. It might take few minutes, uh, but let it open. Uh, I'll come back to my Azure portal so you can click the launch workspace and go to your workspace page. It looks like this. Uh, you can also copy this workspace URL and keep it with you. And whenever you want to log in to your same workspace on this workspace, you can directly hit that URL, uh, in your browser, and it will allow you to log in to your workspace. You may have to give your Azure credentials your username and password. So that's how you can access Databricks Workspace. Uh. On the next day. Uh, if you are coming here, uh, in the Azure portal home page or. Uh. You might see your workspace listed here. So if you want to open your workspace next day, you can click that workspace from there and you will again see the launch workspace. So you can log in to your Databricks workspace in two ways. First is you come to Azure Portal, find your workspace launch page, launch workspace button, and launch it. And it will. Log in to your workspace, or you can keep this URL handy with you and directly hit the URL in the browser, and it will allow you to directly log in to your workspace without going to Azure Portal. Once the Work Databricks Workspace service is created, it might not be necessary to go to Azure Portal for accessing the Databricks workspace. So here is the workspace. And in the beginning it might look like this. You can click this skip onboarding button and it will go away. They might show some notification here. Uh we are not interested. We can close this. And this is how your workspace Databricks Premium Workspace looks like. In the next video, I will help you walk through the premium workspace, all these, uh, items. And we will become little familiar with this Databricks Platform UI or Databricks Workspace UI. For now. Let me close it. Uh, I'll come back to my Azure Portal home page and you can see your resource group here. You can see your workspace here. You might also see Azure Databricks link in the Azure services at the top. Uh, because you have already used it. So it should be visible here. You can come to your Azure Databricks Service home page and you will see your workspace here. You want to create more. You can create more using this create button. Uh all your workspaces will be listed here. And you can click your workspace from here to see the launch button. So there are many ways how you navigate to your workspace launch button. And you can launch your workspace. So that's all. How to create a workspace. One last thing that I want to mention here is if you are following along with the course and you want to do all these activities yourself and repeat, uh, things that we are learning in this course, you might want to create one workspace for yourself like we created here. Uh, Databricks workspace is not an expensive resource, so they do not charge a lot of money for creating a workspace. So you might want to create one workspace and keep it there. Do not delete it for maybe a month or two, or until you are done with your hands on activities or practice, uh, for this course. So Databricks, even if you are on the pay as you go subscription data, creating Databricks workspace and keeping that, uh, in your Azure account may not incur a lot of cost for you. So do not worry. Uh, keep on deleting workspace and keep on creating new workspaces every day. Do not try doing that. You can create a workspace, keep it there for a month or two and it won't cost you a lot of money. That's all for this lecture. See you again in the next lecture and I'll walk you through the workspace UI. Keep learning and keep growing.