Welcome back. So far in this course we'll learn to create Azure Account. And then we'll learn to create Databricks Workspace in the Azure cloud. Right. And then I gave you a walkthrough of the Databricks Workspace UI. When we created our Databricks workspace in the Azure cloud I mentioned that Databricks Workspace is a serverless application running somewhere in the cloud. Right. And we can access that serverless application through the web UI, uh, through a URL. And I showed you that URL. So what is Databricks Workspace. And Databricks Workspace is a serverless application running in the Azure cloud. And we access it through the web UI. But how? It is architected and how other things are architected for a Databricks workspace in the Azure cloud. So let's try to understand that in this lecture I'll try to help you understand the Databricks workspace architecture, the layout in the Azure cloud. So this diagram represents the same. You can see we have one box here which represents the Azure Databricks control plane. So control plane is basically the Databricks software the serverless application. So when we create a workspace Azure will create a Databricks or Azure Databricks control plane. It's a serverless application. Within that control plane. There are many things like your Databricks web application and Databricks web application is running, uh, in the control plane. And we access that web application using the Databricks Workspace UI, uh, in the browser tab. Right. And within the Databricks workspace, we can create notebooks. We create notebooks, which are, uh, created in the workspace itself. I'm not talking about notebooks in the repos. I'm talking about the notebooks in the workspace. So those notebooks also sit inside the Databricks control plane. Uh, we saw in the Databricks workspace, we have, um, menu item for workflows where we can create different kinds of jobs. So all those job configurations, queries, alerts, whatever, uh, objects we are creating in the Databricks workspace, all those configurations are also stored in the control plane. And we also saw a cluster menu. Right. We can create Databricks, uh, clusters. So all those cluster configurations how to create cluster. What kind of cluster do we want to create. All those cluster configurations are also stored in the Databricks control plane. The idea is that the Databricks application is a serverless application which runs in a virtual control plane in the Azure cloud, uh, which is basically a web based application offered to us through the Databricks Web UI and all the data that we create, uh, basically configuration data like notebook job and queries, uh, configurations, workflows, cluster creation configurations, all those configurations, all those configuration data is also stored in the control plane. We do not have, um, direct access to the control plane from the back end or from anywhere, uh, else except the web UI. We can access the control plane through the web UI, and that's what, uh, this item represents here. A user is sitting outside the control plane, and they can access the control plane or the functionality offered by the control plane using the web based UI. And the credential verification and all that is implemented through single sign on. We can also access the control plane or functionalities from the control plane using the, uh, Rest based API clients or command line tools. So those things are also possible. Uh, we will be sitting outside the control plane and access the control plane functionality. Basically workspace notebooks, cluster configurations, job configurations, all we can access through the Rest based APIs. So that's how the control plane is designed. Uh, but when we create cluster in the, uh, using the Databricks workspace, those clusters are the physical or virtual machines, right. And we as a customer need to pay for those virtual machines to Azure Cloud. So those cluster virtual machines are created in our Azure subscription or customers. Azure subscription. And that uh space is known as customers Azure subscription or it is known as data plane. Right. So this portion is known as data plane. And this portion is known as control plane. So control plane is created uh for Databricks. Uh but data plane or everything shown here is created in our Azure subscription. So when you create clusters you will be using virtual machines. Those virtual machines are created in your. Uh, Azure subscription. You can see those virtual machines. You can log in to those virtual machines. You can terminate those virtual machines. You have access to the virtual machines because it is created in your, um, Azure account. Now, next thing is about the data. Um, for your, uh, data engineering projects, you will be creating data. You will be collecting data, you will be creating intermediate data. You will be creating results data. So where will you store that data? For data you can create, uh storage layer. So when we create Databricks for the first time by default it will create one uh, in the Azure it will create one default storage layer which is workspace root storage or root Dbfs. And Dbfs is Databricks File System. We will learn about it, uh, in more detail as we progress with the course. But when you create a workspace. Every workspace in the Azure cloud comes with one default root account, uh, or root storage layer, which is Dbfs root storage layer for your. Workspace and that is created in your. Um, data plane in your customers, uh, Azure subscription, you can see that you might not be able to access that easily because it is secured by workspace. Uh, by Databricks workspace. To access this route storage, you have to come to the Databricks workspace, and you can access it from the Databricks workspace itself. But if you try to access it directly from your cloud account or from your Azure account, you might face different kind of difficulties, and you are not supposed to access it from directly from your, uh, cloud account. Uh, but this is not the storage layer which we should be using for, uh, storing our data. For the data lake or for the lake house or whatever data we want to ingest in our platform for doing the data processing. This is not the place where you should be ingesting your data in a best practice. In a typical case, we create a separate storage account and that's known as your data storage account or data storage layer. So in most of the projects we will create a separate storage layer in our uh, uh, Azure subscription so that we have a full control of it. And we keep data in our own custody, and we secure it in the way we want to secure it. So that's how the architecture is. The main point that we should understand and take away is that Databricks work space is deployed in. Two planes. The first plane is known as Control plane, which is in full control of Databricks itself. We cannot directly access it. The control plane or things in the control plane. The only way to access things in the control plane is through the UI or through the Rest APIs. Everything else is created in the data plane, and data plane is in our Azure subscription. We are in full control and we have to pay for it also. Uh, so. Everything else means mainly clusters, which is compute infrastructure and data storage layer, which is our storage layer. We will learn how to create clusters. We will learn how to use this root storage layer, how to use or create our own data storage layer, all that we will learn. But as of now, all we want to understand is, uh, clusters and data are always in the data plane in the customers, uh, Azure subscription, Databricks workspace and all the configurations are in control plane and that's all about it. So that's all for this lecture. Uh, see you again in the next lecture. Keep learning, keep growing.