Hello, and welcome to this lecture. Now, in this lecture, we'll cover the web application firewall, that is WAF. Now, you already understood that WAF is one of the networking security service that AWS provides, and it protects your applications for, typically, layer seven attacks. Now, if you look at the history of the WAF, it was originally launched in 2015, and then, again, AWS released the new version of WAF in 2019. So, the older version used to be called WAF Classic, but now the newer version is called just AWS WAF, or web application firewall. So, if I talk about the new changes and benefits of using the latest WAF, it's that AWS also provides manage rules. So, you don't have do really import any rule or write your rules on your own, but you can use AWS manage rules itself. So, it is easy and quick to get started. Also, there are certain differences, in the sense that now the capacity of WAF is decided by using the web ACL capacity units, WCU. Earlier, then, it was based on the rules, irrespective of how many rules are evaluated. But now, it is based on the WCU count. Also, now you can write these rules in the form of JSON document. That means you don't really have to use the web UI or APS to write the rule, you can just import your JSON document there. And, finally, one important change, again, is that, earlier, you couldn't combine multiple rules together, but now, with the new WAF, you can create logical conditions, like A and B, not C kind of combination. So, these are all the new things that came with the newer WAF, so if you're already using the older version of WAF, that is WAF classic, then AWS always advise you to migrate to the newer version of the WAF. Okay, so, with that, let's get started. As I said, AWS WAF protects you from layer seven attacks. Now, these attacks would typically have various categories. Now, very first thing is you can decide which IP is to whitelist and which IP is to blacklist, so you can keep on updating also this list, so WAF will block that traffic or only allow that traffic. Then, you can also filter the traffic based on a lot of things; it's not just about the IP addresses, but whatever packet is coming, if it's an HTTP traffic, you can look at the HTTP headers as well, or HTTP request body as well, or HTTP URL as well. And, based on the patterns that you define, you can filter that traffic, and you can say, "I want to block this traffic "if I see a particular string in that URL string," right? So, that is all WAF can do. Now, AWS WAF is really very easy to deploy. And then, of course, you can deploy it on CloudFront or Application Load Balancer, or API Gateway, or even AppSync, which is a graph QL API. And there is no additional software to put in front of this AWS services, right? You don't have to do any DNS configuration, or you don't have to put any SSL or TLS certificates, or you don't have to do any reverse proxy kind of setup, right? It is just enable the WAF, and associate that with respect to AWS resources, like CloudFront or Load Balancer, or API Gateway, and then that's it, right? You don't have to do much thereafter. And, as I said, with newer WAF, AWS also provide manage rules for your WAF, and that's where you can just get started really very quickly. Now, one thing about the WAF is that you can select from many rules. You can even get the rules from third-party vendors on AWS Marketplace, but, if you go with the core rules that AWS provide, it already takes care of top 10 security risks from the OWAS. OWAS a web application security project. It is a very known top 10 vulnerabilities it covers, and then WAF will cover all those vulnerabilities for you. But, apart from that, it also protects you from the emerging common vulnerabilities and exposures, we call it CVEs, right? Now, benefit of using WAF is that, if there is a new CVE detected, then that WAF rules will be automatically updated, and then you will get the benefit of your application being protected from the new vulnerabilities that has been recently detected, right? And you don't have to do anything for that. Finally, if there are, say, bots kind of thing, which are flooding the traffic to your web application, then bot can be detected using the WAF by using something called a rate-based rules that you can apply. Say if particular IP is sending so many requests in, say, last five minutes, then WAF will block that traffic. So, this is all possible with the AWS WAF, and that's where it is essential, if your application is really very critical and sensitive, and you have to make sure it is highly available all the time, then it is advisable to use AWS WAF for protecting your application from layer seven attacks. Okay, with that, let's look at some of the features of the WAF. So, as you might have understood, it protects web application from common web exploits at layer seven. It can be deployed in front of Application Load Balancer, API Gateway, AppSync, or CloudFront. Then, in order to use the WAF, you have to define something called Web ACL, that is Web Access Control List, which is nothing but a collection of rules, WAF rules. And then you can define conditions in those rules. Now, conditions could be like I want be inspect IP addresses, I want to inspect HTTP headers, HTTP body, or URL string, or I want to put size constraint that any request can be of this size only, I want to avoid or block any other request larger than that request, and then you want to make sure that requests are coming from particular country, and then request contains specific string only, and you can also match the regular expression with your request as well. Now, Web ACL also supports rate-based rules. As I said, that means it counts the number of requests from a particular IP address, and then you can block, if one IP is sending, say, hundreds of requests in one second, probably that is a bot which is trying to do something, and then you can block that IP address. Now, when you evaluate the body of a request, as I said, when the request comes, you can look at the HTTP headers or HTTP body as well, but then, the limitation is, as of now, you can only evaluate first 8192 bytes out of that request. So, if your HTTP request is too large, then only first eight KB of the data will be looked or inspected for any vulnerabilities. Finally, on blocking the malicious traffic, WAF returns 403 status score, that is forbidden, and we'll also do a demo of this, where you see that, when WAF is applied, and if it detects some kind of attack, for example, cross-site scripting or SQL injection, it will give you that kind of error, that is HTTP 403. And then, applying WAF rule doesn't take long. Within a minute, if you write a new rule and add it to Web ACL, it will be in the action within one minute. And, if you are using CloudFront, you know that CloudFront uses eight locations across the globe. That means your routes will be propagated worldwide within that one minute. Okay, now, let's look at those conditions that you can write on the Web ACL more closely, like which all attacks can be prevented using the Web ACL. So, very first thing that you can do is you can write a code or a rule for protecting your application from cross-site scripting. Now, what is cross-sex scripting? So, in case of web applications, sometimes what attackers can do is, whether you insert some fields, for example, there is a username or password, one can send the script. Now, if you heard about the HTML, you know the script code is typically executed on the server. Now, imagine that, in that script, someone writes that select star from database. No, that is typically an SQL injection, but then script could be send an alert, or pop up, or display all the cookies of the users, anything of that sort, right? Now, if your application is not really protected by this kind of scripts in the input fields, and input fields are not validated well, then the script will get executed on the server, and then you will get the data which is not supposed to be exposed. Now, that is a cross-site scripting, and we'll also see one example of that as a demo, right? So, these cross-site scripting scripts can be looked into the HTTP methods, or headers, or query string, or even the URI, or the HTTP request body. So, that's about the cross-site scripting. Further, you can also whitelist and blacklist the IP addresses, and this could be IPv4 or IPv6 addresses. Now, this is a very similar to security group and network cases, but, then, these IP addresses list could be dynamic. You can automatically update that, and then that will take care if there are new IPs detected. Further, you can also define the size of the request, and size with the maximum size you can define, and then any request coming more than that means, probably, there is something wrong, because you know that your APIs probably have a certain length, right? The URI string, as well as the parameters. So, you don't want to accept any API calls bigger than that size, and that's where the size limitations can be applied to your request. Now, SQL injection, as I said, in your input fields, again, you can send the SQL, and if it has not been validated well in your code, then that SQL code can get executed on the server, and you can probably get all the database entries, sensitive data, all that can happen. Geographic match now allow or block the request based on the country from which the request originates. Now, if you know that all your users are from a particular country, then you don't want to allow any other users from the other geographies. Finally, you can write a rule in which you can, again, match any part of HTTP request; header or body, right, to match a particular string, or even the regular expression match as well. So, if you know some kind of words which should not be there in the request, then you can, of course, write a rule, and then those requests will be allowed or blocked based on how you write your condition. So, at high level, these are all the conditions that you can write under the Web ACLs, and then your WAF rules will be in action. Okay, with that, we talked about the WAF. As you know, it protects your application at layer seven, and typically it protects from all these attacks, like cross-site scripting and SQL injections, and then rest of others. Okay, so, with that, we covered WAF at high level, and you now understand what the WAF is. Now, in the next lecture, we will see WAF in action.