Okay, so now let's look at some important points with respect to the exam for Gateway Load Balancer. So as you know, Gateway Load Balancer has a listener and it listens for all traffic and all ports. That means you can't really change that unlike ALB or Network Load Balancer, you could configure your listener and configure the port on which the load balancer will listen, but in case of Gateway Load Balancer, it listens for all packet across all ports and you can't even specify the protocol or port there. And you can only specify the rule for routing the request to the target group, that means there are URL best routing or host based routing like in ALB and finally, the listener cannot be deleted. That means it comes along with your Gateway Load Balancer. Further you have the target groups like other load balancers and this target groups could have targets as EC2 instances, which can be managed by auto scaling group or this could be applied with IP addresses. Now the traffic between Gateway Load Balancer and its targets are exchanged using the GENEVE protocol that you know and this happens over UDP port 6081. And that means the network appliance must support the UDP traffic on port 6081. Now Gateway Load Balancer also maintains the stickiness of flow to a specific target appliance using 5-tuple for TCP and UDP flow. 5-tuple means the source IP address, the source port, destination IP address, destination port, and the protocol. But if it is not a TCP or UDP flows, then it only does the stickiness using 3-tuple, that means source IP, destination IP, and the protocol. And you know that it also supports the health check. And for health check, you can have HTTP or HTTPS or TCP traffic. Now, in case of our exercise, we had used TCP port 443. Moving on the Gateway Load Balancer doesn't support the public load balancer. That means they are internal only and there is no public DNS (indistinct). And that's why you can't really reach to the Gateway Load Balancer directly, instead you have to first create the Gateway Load Balancer endpoint service, and then you have to create endpoint to send the traffic to the Gateway Load Balancer. It doesn't also support the dual stack mode, as of now, it is only supported for IPv4 traffic only. And there is no security group as you'll see while creating the Gateway Load Balancer we never set up the security group. So there are no security groups and ultimately that means the target which are the receiving the traffic should have the security groups which allows the traffic to come from the Gateway Load Balancer itself. If you talk about the MTU, the Gateway Load Balancer supports the MTU of 8500 byte, and which means that you can send larger packet through this Gateway Load Balancer thereby improving the network performance. So that's it about the Gateway Load Balancer that you need to know. Now, just one more thing I want to add here is that we have seen a lot of services. Now, Gateway Load Balancer is different to ALB or NLB. It is specifically used to send the traffic to a network appliances. Now you might also ask, we also have AWS Network Firewall then what's the use of it? Now understand that Network Firewall is a fully managed firewall by AWS, but in case of Gateway Load Balancer, you are using third-party network firewalls or appliances. So that's the difference between these two that you need to remember. So according to the scenario, you should be able to choose whether it's a Gateway Load Balancer you will be using or the AWS Network Firewall you will be using or other load balancer that you will be using. So I hope that is clear. And with that, let's wrap this session. Thank you.