At this point. You've had a very thorough preparation for this upcoming exam, and I promise you, this course is very comprehensive and has covered everything that the exam guide touches on and then some. So you are in good shape. But if you want to prepare further, there are more resources you should look at just as part of your review. Now, there is a lot of good materials in AWS Skill Builder related to this exam. I think we've covered pretty much everything that's in there as part of this course, but it might be a good way to review this material again and see it in a more concise format and in a different format. So that might kind of help reinforce these concepts in your brain a little bit. Now there is a subscription offering with Skill Builder on top of the free resources. The free resources are probably enough for you, but if you do want that extra practice and extra resources, there's things in the subscription tier like where they give you walkthroughs of sample questions and why they are and are not correct. There's also access to a full length practice exam, and well, that alone might be worth it. Although, you know, we have a practice exam in this course too, so the standard exam prep plan might be enough for you. But if you do want to shell out an extra, you know, 30 bucks a month or whatever it is, just remember to cancel that subscription when you no longer need it. The free resources do include a 20 question practice exam, and that's a good preparation too. So you definitely want to do that as extra practice. Um, here's a link to that Skill builder prep plan here that consists of the official practice question set of 20 questions, as well as a series of text based courses that kind of review a lot of the material that we've gone through in this course also practice exams. Very important. Right? So there's one in this course. Of course. Like I said, there is a full length one as part of the subscription plan in Skill Builder. And you definitely want to go through that sample 20 question exam as well. That's part of the free resources in Skill Builder. So don't miss that. Um, the more you get experience with the actual style of these questions and how they make you think, the better. You don't want to be going into this cold, because if you go into this expecting just, you know, quiz questions like what service does this? That's not what the professional level exam is all about. It's all about giving you Use scenarios that are sometimes pretty complex and giving you a set of complex solutions to implementing those scenarios to choose from. And you got to think, you know, like you're going to have to think about 2 or 3 minutes per question to understand what they're asking and understand what the options are and choosing the right option. So it's going to be about not just recalling what you learned in this course and in all the preparation materials, but putting it all together in your head and trying to figure out how do all these different pieces fit together. And the only way you can really figure that out is through these practice exams. So I cannot stress how important it is to do the practice exams from Amazon, from this course, from anywhere else you can get them, the more the better. Now let's go through Amazon's exam guide here real quick because this is also a very good resource. Um it goes through exactly kind of their their thinking behind the structure of the exam and what they're testing you against, as well as a good checklist of the specific domains that they're testing, the skills you need to have and the services you need to know about. And you should see that everything that's in this exam has been covered in this course. But again, it's good for review purposes. So let me cut away and actually review that with you right now. All right. So if you go to the homepage for the exam and I'll pull up the URL here. If you don't know how to get there, but search for it through your favorite search engine and it'll come right up. This is where you're going to go to actually start the process of scheduling your exam, signing up for it, finding a date and time for it, and all that good stuff. But also, um, you can schedule the exam and you can also look at the pricing information. This is during the beta period. So it's going to be cheaper and longer. So if you're outside of the beta period, don't pay attention to what you're seeing on the screen right now. But what we're looking for is the exam guide. So if we scroll down under prepare for exam down here somewhere, there should be a link to the exam guide. And let's just click on that. And this gives you a ton of detail about what this exam covers exactly. And hopefully all of this will seem familiar to you because we've gone through all of this in the course in a lot of detail. So at a high level it tells you what it's covering. Uh, Rag systems, knowledge bases, integration foundation models into applications and And workflows. Prompt Engineering, prompt management Agentic AI optimizing your applications. We had a whole section on that security governance. Responsible AI talked about all that troubleshooting, monitoring, optimizing your applications, and evaluating your models for quality and responsibility. And if you have in fact gone through this whole course, you're pretty much an expert on this stuff at this point. So you should be in good shape. It does talk about the target candidate description here. You want to have at least two years with AWS actually building applications or with open source technologies. That's interesting. I would say that you definitely want some AWS experience before you take this exam, and also some AI or ML or data engineering experience and one year of hands on implementing AI solutions. So this kind of gets back to the point where there's sort of a a larger ecosystem of certifications in this space. So there's the machine learning engineer associate exam. There's the AI practitioner exam foundational. And then there's also the data engineer associate exam. And these are all things that are very intertwined with the world of generative AI. So, you know, if you do want to take those as sort of a first step toward this exam, that's not a terrible idea. It tells you what you need to know about from the AWS standpoint. You know, all the basics on compute, storage, networking. Like I said, you need to know what S3 is. You know, I'm not going to go through those basics for you in this course, but you need to have that foundation of AWS to work from. It does say that certain things are explicitly out of scope. So things like model development and training, advanced machine learning techniques, uh, those would have been in the machine learning specialty exam, which is being deprecated, but it's not going to be covered in this exam. Data engineering and feature engineering. That's more the scope of the data engineering associate exam. So um, that's a separate exam that you might want to think about too because it is related. Then it tells you what to expect in terms of exam content. And you'll see there's a potentially a couple of question types you haven't seen before. We're going to talk about that in a bit. It also tells you that there will be ten questions that do not affect your score. So they're always trying out new questions. So if you see something that seems a little bit off the wall and isn't something that we talked about, there's a good chance it's just an experiment. You know, they're trying to test if people know it or not. And if you get that wrong, it won't affect your score. You need a score of 750 out of 1000 to pass. It is a pass fail thing. So you're either certified or you're not when you're done. And then we get into the actual outline itself of the content domains. There are five domains that are tested by this exam. The first one is foundation model integration data management and compliance. And this is the largest portion of the exam. 31% of the exam is covering those topics. A close second is at 26% is implemented. A close second at 26% is implementation and integration. And then we have AI safety, security and governance. And then down at 12 and 11% those these are less important on the exam. Operational efficiency and optimization testing validation and troubleshooting okay. Interesting that safety is uh number three. Usually that's closer to the bottom of the list. So do pay attention to safety, security and governance during your preparation. and then it fills. And then it digs into what exactly those content domains consist of. So what are the skills you need to have to be successful at these tasks. So this goes into a ton of detail. I'm not going to go through it here. All of this should map to stuff in the course though. So none of it should be a surprise. But you might want to go through here and just use this as a resource for asking yourself, do I really know this? Do I need to go back and review that material or not before I actually sit for the exam? So this just goes on and on and on and on. So for domain one foundation model data management and compliance, what does that mean. You know analyze requirements and design solutions. Select and configure foundation models, implement data validation and processing pipelines. And this part of the document goes on for quite some time. But it's important right. This is the stuff they're actually going to test you on. The actual questions are reflections of these skills. So there are questions that are specifically testing these specific skills. Let's just leave it at that. Um, so it's important for you to understand and have some confidence that you know what these are all about. Again, everything in here should be in the course somewhere already. And if we go further down, there's also an appendix of specific topics that are covered in the exam. So you might want to go through again here. And if there's anything that you're feeling a little bit unsure of go back and rereview that material as well. And then there's also a list of services that you need to know for this exam. And it's just a very, very long list. But again they should all be on here. So I think we've covered everything that is actually mentioned in this in scope list. It does sometimes change over time. So if you see something new let me know. But I think everything in here is in fact covered with the exception of things that might be deprecated. They already took one out that I can see right now. There used to be an Amazon. Oh no, no, AWS chatbot doesn't exist anymore folks. Um, it's just a new developer these days. So heads up, some of this stuff goes out of date pretty quickly. And then there's a list of things you don't need to know, so that's reassuring. Schering. Also a long list and that's the whole exam guide. So again, it's just a resource for kind of checking your knowledge and seeing what gaps you might have. And something you might want to consider is taking the certified AI Practitioner foundational exam first. It's a lot less expensive than this one, but if you've studied all this stuff, it's not going to be too hard to take this exam as well. This does get more into a business focus, so there's more of a focus on attacking AI from a business standpoint and things like governance and best practices and things like that. But it does give you some of the foundations and using bedrock and how to put this stuff together. So a little bit too late for me to say that now that you're at the end of this course and you're ready to take this exam, but at the very least, if you haven't already taken the AI practitioner foundational one, that's going to be a pretty easy one for you to knock off after you've successfully taken this exam. Also, you might want to consider the Machine Learning Engineer Associate exam and the Data Engineer Associate exam. Those are also going to be a little bit easier for you, having had this one under your belt.