Let's talk about what to expect on the exam itself, and some preparation strategies that might help out at a more general level. So when you do go to sit for the exam, you are going to expect three hours of a test of your mental stamina. This is really what these exams are all about. Can your brain keep going for that long and still function? At least for me, that's the main challenge. Uh, technically, it's probably going to be 170 minutes for the final exam. I'm recording this during the beta exam period and during this beta exam period period, they actually give you 85 questions as opposed to 65 with 205 minutes. So it's even more challenging and more time consuming during the spate of period. They make it cheaper though to make up for it. Plus they give you an early adopter badge. But beyond the beta period, you're probably looking at about three hours. Uh, hopefully if you're well prepared, you'll only need a little over two hours. Uh, personally, it's hard for me to think that deeply for that long, but. But it's an exercise in mental stamina. Like I said, you do need to take the time to fully understand each question, so do not rush through it. That's your the main way people fail this thing. These are complex scenarios where at the professional level here. So you're going to be given complex scenarios. You need to fully understand those scenarios, fully understand what they're asking you, what they're asking you to optimize for, and get any hints you can out of the question itself. And then you need to fully understand each of the choices you're given, which two can be complicated, but it's very important to pay attention to what they want you to optimize for. Okay, they'll say, you know what solution minimizes operational overhead? What minimizes latency? Um, that will affect your answer. So pay attention. Don't skim over those details if you're not sure about a question and you don't think you can get to it within a couple of minutes, you can go ahead and flag that. So there's a capability in the platform to flag a question. And when you're done with the exam, you can go back and review those questions you flagged and give them a little bit more thought if you want to. Probably a good idea to leave it with your best guess for now before you flag it, just in case you don't have time to go back to it now. You cannot bring anything into the room with you. They'll force you. If you're taking this at an actual testing location. Anything in your pockets. You know, your phone, your watch. Everything has to go into a locker. They do not take any chances with people cheating. You may be given a piece of note paper, a dry erase board that's clean and blank to take into you for taking notes during the exam, and maybe some earplugs to try to maintain your focus. But that's it. Now, if you're testing at home, the requirements are even more strict. So your proctor is going to make you take your phone or your webcam and scan your entire room and make sure that there's nothing in there that you might be using to cheat with. Basically, your room has to be empty. Okay, so that's a little bit of a pain. You know, if your office is cluttered like mine. I mean, you know, on the other side of the camera here that you can't see there's a fair amount of clutter and I'm about to clean all that out before I actually take this exam. So make sure you're ready for that and prepared for it. Also, make sure you're scheduling this exam smartly so you don't want to forget everything you just learned. So now that you're at this point in the of the preparation course, once you have a chance to take all the practice exams and review the exam guide, you want to be taking that exam as quickly thereafter as possible, because you're going to forget a lot of this stuff. There's a lot of details here, So if you can schedule the exam as soon as possible after your preparation, that's going to yield the best results. Also, choose a time of day that really matches your highest energy level. So for me, I'm the most aware and alert in the morning. So I'm going to schedule my exam in the morning. If you're more of an afternoon person, schedule it in the afternoon. But you have your own cycles, your own rhythms, the time of day where you're the sharpest. Schedule it for that time because again, this is primarily an exercise in mental stamina. It's it's challenging. Now also remember if there are different testing providers they may have different availability. So you know if one provider is showing unavailable on the date you want, try another one. You might get better luck. Um, and I do want to say if you do have a nearby testing center and you know, you're willing to deal with the inconvenience of leaving the house and going to it, that can actually be a better experience, because you're not going to have to fiddle around with an online proctor. You're not going to have to fiddle around with, like, all the weird things that happen with the software that monitors your computer. And you're not going to have to worry about having a clean environment in your testing environment. And you also don't need to worry about somebody interrupting you during the exam. If someone barges in on you and starts talking to you in the middle of the exam. The entire exam is void at that point, so you'll have to pay for it again and take it again. It's done. So there is an advantage to having a controlled environment when you're actually taking this. And you might want to consider that when you're making the choice of taking the exam at home or taking it at an actual testing center. Some general preparation tips. So like I said, you're in for three hours here and you cannot leave. There are no bathroom breaks, so take care of any biological functions before you head in, because you're not going to be able to leave the room or leave your desk during the exam. And this is at least 3 to 4 hours. Make sure you eat something ahead of time. You know, you got to keep that brain fueled. Like I said, this is an exercise in stamina. You need that energy to keep that brain going during that entire multi-hour exam, but not right beforehand because, you know, you might get like kind of a sugar crash where you're actually digesting that food and processing it that diverts energy to your digestive system instead of your head. So give yourself a little bit of time to get breakfast underway or lunch or whatever it is before you go in, if at all possible. I know this is hard to control, but try to get a good night's sleep the night before, you know, don't stay up late. Um, you know, don't stare at your phone too late or whatever. You need to be rested. Um, the whole point of sleep is to refresh your brain. Kind of, like, cycle out all the junk that's in your head and get a fresh brain in the morning. Uh, so a good night's sleep really is an important factor for success on the exam review things you need to memorize before you go in. So if you do have kind of a cheat sheet that you're using of things you want to cram that you are having trouble remembering, um, do that right before you go in. So there's not a whole lot of that in this particular exam, but you might want to, you know, refresh yourself on what different evaluation metrics are or refresh yourself on any services that might be new to you or you're not sure what they do, because knowing what each service does is definitely a big part of it. And whatever it takes to stay alert, um, you know, cup of coffee, energy drink, whatever it is. Um, again, just be sure you remember that you can't use the bathroom Once you go in that room. So don't drink too much of whatever it is. Make sure you're ready. Um, don't schedule the exam before you're ready for it. And you got 150 bucks on the line for the beta, probably 300 for the non beta exam. So it's not a small chunk of change. And make sure you're taking the practice exams repeatedly before going in for the real exam whenever possible. Some general test taking strategies don't rush. Like I said um you really need to understand the question before you try to answer it. There are going to be a lot of nuances into the requirements and what they want you to optimize for, and you need to understand that as well as the system as a whole that they're asking you to design. And you also need to understand the question responses, the actual, uh, options that you're given, and understanding what they mean to your pace should be about two to 2.5 minutes per question. Okay. And that's that's a fair amount of time really, if you think about it. So you do have time to think about these and try to find the right response. So don't rush yourself. Now if you are taking longer than two minutes, the best thing to do is just make your best guess at that point and flag it. And then if you have more time at the end, you can go back and try to spend some more time on it. Um, in my experience, though, your first guess is probably going to be the best guess in that sort of a situation. Um, you're not going to magically learn the answer later on, but, you know, make a guess, flag it, give it some more thought later if you want to use the process of elimination. So even if you don't know the correct answer, you might know what answers are not correct, and that increases your odds of guessing correctly. So even if you don't know what the right answer is to a scenario, if you can at least rule out the other ones, that might leave you with just 1 or 2 remaining options. And that might be a different way to approach a problem that you're struggling with and keep calm. Um, don't freak out. You know, you're you're not going to get 100%. Remember, you only need a score of 750 to pass this thing and it's pass fail. So very, very few people get 100%. You're not expected to you're just expected to pass it like a 75%. That's like a C, right? So as long as you can get a C or better you're in good shape. So don't panic. All right. So those are some general test taking tips and techniques. And good luck on the exam folks.