Now, bedrock is not the only way to manage and deploy your models. Also, before bedrock, there was SageMaker, which has kind of been rebranded as SageMaker AI lately, and it is also a way to handle a broader machine learning workflow. So it's not just about generative AI. It's not just about AI, it's about machine learning in general. Basically, you know, models that do stuff and predict things, right? So it's kind of built around this cycle here. The idea is, you know, it can help you with the entire thing. So it has features that let you fetch, clean and prepare your data for training a model. It can then let you do the actual training of the model itself and spin up any resources it needs for that training, and then evaluate the performance of that model after you've trained it. Once you're happy with it, it can also help you with deploying that model. And then after it's deployed, it can evaluate its results, monitor it for drift, you know, make sure that it's doing the right thing. And maybe the deployment of that model results in more data that you can then turn around and feed back into the training again. So everything in this entire machine learning life cycle, uh, has accompanying tools in SageMaker to help you do it. Now, as a reminder, this particular exam does not get into the training part of it that is out of scope, so we're not going to focus on that. However, just to see how it all fits together, a SageMaker kind of has this model of how it's all stacked together. So you do have to start with a model training. And maybe in the case of generative AI, this is a pre-trained model you got off of hugging face. Maybe you fine tuned it. Whatever. Right? Wherever you came from, you had to train it somehow. But if you are training it or fine tuning it from scratch, then this is one way to do it. In SageMaker you can put your training data in S3. Uh, SageMaker can help you do that training and orchestrate it from a notebook or whatever you want. And then you can have basically a code image that gets deployed out through ECR. And then you can spin up these training instances to actually perform that training using your training code and the training data. Once you have a model that's trained and ready to go, the artifacts from that model, which might be a set of weights or who knows, could be anything that gets pushed out to S3 as well. Same idea here. Now, instead of a training code image, we have an inference code image. So that's the code for actually querying your model and making predictions. Or in the case of generative AI, uh, saying something back to you, as the case may be. And SageMaker gives you tools for deploying that and hosting it, and it would be hosted on an endpoint which SageMaker also manages for you. So that endpoint for inference is ultimately what your client application would be talking to. Now, SageMaker notebooks can direct this whole process. So if you want to do it all from Python code, you can do that with a familiar Jupyter Lab environment. And that works fine. You can spin up a notebook instance on EC2 from the SageMaker console, and that can give you access to data in S3. All the usual suspects for processing data that you might be using in Python, as well as a wide variety of built in models, so you can just start from as well. You can also spin up your training instances and deploy these models and, uh, put them out there in the real world, all from your code in your notebook if you want to do it that way. Or you can do it from the console as well. So SageMaker AI has consoles for pretty much everything you want to do. So whether you want to do this stuff through code or visually, it's totally up to you. But SageMaker AI does it all. So it gives you much lower level access if you want it, and much more flexibility than you might see in bedrock.