Let's go into a little bit more depth on SageMaker model registry here. It's something you definitely need to know about. It's just a catalog for your models and a way to manage information about those models, like the version, whether they're approved for use or not. Kind of like just a fancy database, right? So it allows you to associate metadata with your models, whatever you want. Again, it's kind of just like a database lookup. At the end of the day, it gives you a means of managing approval for a model. So if you want to make sure that you're kicking off some model for manual approval before it's deploy to production, well, it can keep track of that for you. And it can also be a component of actually deploying your models to production. So maybe your pipeline for machine learning depends on model registry to check. Hey, is this thing actually approved and ready to go or not? It can also be a part of your larger continuous integration and continuous deployment system, and it can allow you to also share models among different applications. That's really the the heart of it here. So by centralizing your models into one place, into this model registry, you can kind of build up this library of models within your organization and share those models across your organization for different applications. It also has an integration with SageMaker model cards. I don't think we've touched on that in this course, but model cards are just a little, um, this little website, basically a little web page that says, here's the properties of my model. Here are its limitations. Here's what it's trained on. So just sort of higher level governance information about a model. So you can point in the model registry where the model card is for this model. Again it's just associating metadata with your models and sort of a very simple database that can be part of your machine learning pipeline. To make it a little bit more real, let's take a look at this example from the AWS blog, where they have an example of a larger machine learning pipeline that involves model monitor. So step one is to create your model. So you have this little training pipeline there where we're pre-processing and training our model. And then we create our model. At that point we register that model at the number one there. That goes into the model registry at the top. At that point, we can capture the event that a new model was registered through EventBridge. And maybe that kicks off a Lambda function that says, hey, someone needs to approve this new model that goes off to the request to approve the model there at number four. That goes down to a human approver, which then will either approve or reject it, which then it can go back through the API gateway and through Lambda again, and go back to Model Registry to update that field in the model registry metadata for that model saying, yes, this is approved, it's ready to go. At the same time, it might update a parameter store that kicks things off to actually kick off the inference pipelines to deploy this model in production. So that can actually say, hey, let's go get those inference details and deploy it through SageMaker inference pipelines and notify somebody that it's ready to go for both the dev test and production stages as well. So just an example of how model registry might be a component to manage things like model approval and to keep track of basically what's where with your models. So that's all model registry is. Uh, again, think of it as a fancy database table where you have information about your models that might include things like the model car for that model, whether it's been approved, and more importantly, it's a central registry for all the models in your organization that might be shared by others.