Let's also spend a little bit of time talking about SageMaker ML lineage tracking feature. This is important in the field of governance for your machine learning models. It creates and stores snapshots of your machine learning workflows. So it kind of visualizes your machine learning operations pipeline and allows you to keep track of that over time and how it's changing. So it keeps a running history of your models and how they're all put together. This tracking can be useful for auditing and compliance reasons, and it can automatically or manually create tracking entities that you want to keep track of. So you can tell it exactly what do I want to track? What do I want to audit and what do I want to be able to keep track of over time through lineage tracking? This integrates with AWS Resource Access Manager for Cross-account lineage tracking. And let's take a look at what this looks like just to make it more real. So here's an example of a lineage tracking output here. The lineage metadata for a typical machine learning job. So you can see on the left we have our data sets coming in. We have data set artifacts that are coming in, flow input artifacts that might be streamed in. There is any processing job trial component. And that produces data set artifacts of that process data That process data is then fed into the training job trial component. That training job itself produces artifacts, model artifacts after it's been trained and tuned, and then that model gets packaged up and deployed through an endpoint that's also captured here as well. So that's what we mean by lineage tracking. It's basically allowing you to track the lineage of your data as it flows through the processing, the training, uh, building a model and deploying that model from end to end and keeping track of how that lineage is changing over time. The actual things you can track. Um, I wouldn't bother memorizing this for the exam, but just so you understand conceptually what it how it works, uh, one entity is called a trial component that would include things like processing jobs or training jobs or transformation jobs. And then a trial is composed of many trial components. And then we have a group of trials for a given use case that would compose an experiment. You can also group entities together into what we call a context. Another piece of vocabulary for lineage tracking is the action. That would be a workflow step. Or deploying a model. Some sort of action like that can be tracked as well. Artifacts would be things like objects or data that are stored like an S3 bucket or an ECR image that's generated as part of the lineage. And things can be connected. So these entities can be connected together through various associations. And there are various association types that can be recorded between those entities as well. So these are the sort of things that lineage tracking can track for you for actually querying that. You can see it visually like we saw, but there's also an API from Python that you can query as well, part of the Amazon SageMaker SDK for Python that lets you query that lineage tracking information, and that lets you do things like find all the models or endpoints that use a given artifact. So if you have an artifact and you want to know who's using it before you go messing with it, or you want to know who you need to tell about changes to it, that might be a useful way of using lineage tracking just to keep track of who's using your stuff, right. You can also use it to produce visualizations. If you have an external visualizer helper class to actually visualize that lineage from a Python notebook as well. And that's what we saw earlier. So again, lineage tracking, just a way to keep track of how your various models and artifacts and data are being used and connected together, and how those connections are changing over time.