Next, let's talk about living on the edge with SageMaker on the edge and how that works. By the edge, we mean actually deploying your SageMaker models, your trained models out to edge devices. So maybe you have an embedded computer within your self-driving car that you want to deploy things to. Maybe you have a smart camera, like an AWS deep Lens that you want to deploy your trained model to things like that. Neo is a way to compile your inference code to edge devices and make them optimized for different devices that might be embedded somewhere, so you can train once and run anywhere. As the promise of SageMaker neo, it supports multiple architectures for edge devices, including ARM, Intel, and Nvidia processors. They're all in the space of building little specialized, deep learning enabled edge devices. And again, you can embed that in whatever device you can imagine, like your car. So you don't necessarily have to be running this inference in the cloud and going over the internet. You could actually deploy this stuff to run locally within the machine that it is. So in applications where you care a lot about latency, like for example, a self-driving car, you don't want to be waiting, you know, several hundred milliseconds to get a response back from the internet somewhere to decide whether or not to slam on the brakes. Right? That needs to happen immediately. So you want that logic of that trained model sitting within the car itself. And neo is a way to compile that code into a format that can actually be run within that embedded device. That's what neo is all about. Um, how do you remember this? Well, again, I'm not sure if this is a cultural reference that holds up around the world, but neo was a character in the movie The Matrix, and The matrix is built around this premise that the world is a simulation. It's all just a computer simulation, and code is surrounding you everywhere. So everything is code. Um, so the metaphor there is that SageMaker neo is deploying the code of your trained machine learning model to the edge devices that are surrounding you in day to day life. Okay. Anyway, it can take any code that you've written in TensorFlow, MXNet, PyTorch, Onnx, or XGBoost and optimize that to the specific devices. And that opens up a whole lot of possibilities, right? It's actually pretty amazing that you can just take arbitrary TensorFlow or MXNet code and recompile that toward these different architectures, and it just works. And XGBoost, if you don't want to be dealing with neural networks necessarily, that's, you know, probably the hottest algorithm out there right now for doing machine learning outside of the world of deep learning. So a very good variety of technologies available for you there. Neo consists of both a compiler and a runtime library. So the compiler is what recompiles that code into the bytecode expected by those edge processors. And obviously there's a runtime component as well that runs on those edge edge devices to consume that neo generated code. Neo pairs well with AWS IoT Greengrass. So remember, the exam is really all about putting these components together in interesting ways, right? So Neo and Greengrass like peas in a pod, basically. So you can take a neo compiled model and you could just deploy that to an Https endpoint. So I could host a neo compiled model on a C5, M5, M4, P3, or P2 instance, but it has to be the same instance type that I use to compile that. I mean, obviously, if I'm using neo to compile my model to a specific device, I need to make sure that I'm hosting on that same kind of device. Right. But that kind of defeats the purpose of neo, right? If I just want to host it on an endpoint on some sort of a web server or some service somewhere. Why not just, you know, do that in whatever language I started with? So it gets interesting when you pair neo with IoT Greengrass. Greengrass is the mechanism whereby you actually deploy code to an edge device. So that's how I'm actually going to get my trained model to an actual edge device using inference at the edge, using local data, using a model that was trained in the cloud. So I trained my model in the cloud on SageMaker using training instances, but then I compile it with neo and deploy it to my actual edge devices using IoT. Greengrass. Greengrass uses Lambda functions extensively for inference applications. So again, you might see neo, IoT, Greengrass, and Lambda used together in a whole entire system. So that's how it all fits together. Basically. Again, neo compiles your model, your trained model into specific architectures that might be deployed to the edge. IoT Greengrass is what gets it there.