So now let's talk about Amazon GuardDuty. So it's an Intelligent Threat detection service that will detect malicious activity in your accounts. It will use behind the scenes AI, Machine Learning, anomaly detection techniques, and also file discovery to figure out what it needs to do. For example, it can find compromised AWS credentials, it can look at data exfiltration, crypto-mining activity, and so on. So to enable it, it's one click. You have a 30 days trial. You don't need to install any software. When you enable GuardDuty, it's going to start to analyze data sources such as CloudTrail Management Events to look for unusual API calls or unauthorized deployments, VPC Flow Logs for anomalous traffic or unusual IP addresses, or Route 53 DNS Query Logs for compromised EC2 instances, for example sending encoded data within DNS queries. You also have the option to enable Extended Threat Protection. That will detect multi-stage attacks that will span multiple data sources and AWS resources. And this is automatically enabled when you enable GuardDuty. So you can also protect against compromised instances. For example, if your EC2 instances start having malware or crypto-mining or suspicious network activity, then GuardDuty is also helpful. So here are some use cases that can appear in the exam. For example, compromised instances. So it can detect which EC2 instances or ECS/EKS containers are compromised. And this could be for malware activity, for crypto-mining, to communicate with malicious domains, to communicate with the TOR network, or to create reverse shells. It could be for anomalous network traffic. So it will detect automatically suspicious network behavior. So this could be communication with malicious IP addresses, data exfiltration, port scanning, brute force attacks, or outbound port scans, and also compromise the AWS account as a whole. So it will detect suspicious activity within your resources and also API calls from unfamiliar IP addresses or compromised IAM credentials, for example IAM roles that also are not looking good, and attempts to disable CloudTrail logging. So on top of the out of the box features of GuardDuty, you can enable protection plans. This is to detect specific problems with specific AWS services. So you have, for example, malware protection for EC2 where EBS volumes are going to be scanned to detect malware, EKS protection to protect your EKS cluster as a whole, runtime monitoring to monitor OS-level events on your EC2 instances, or you containers on ECS and EKS, Lambda protection to look at Lambda network activity logs to detect threats, S3 protection to analyze potential security risks in your S3 buckets, malware protection on Amazon S3 to make sure that you objects that are updated to Amazon S3 are not malware, and malware protection for backups to make sure that your backup resources don't have any malware as well. And also, RDS protection to analyze RDS and Aurora login activity for potential access threats. So to summarize this overview of Amazon GuardDuty, you have GuardDuty right here, that's going to analyze several data sources out of the box such as your VPC Flow Logs, your CloudTrail logs, and your Route 53 DNS Query Logs, and enable all its features. But optionally, you can also enable features to protect specific services such as Amazon S3, Amazon Lambda, RDS, EBS, and EKS. Then GuardDuty is going to analyze behind the scenes without you doing anything on this data. It's going to generate findings. And these findings are accessible within the GuardDuty console. But also, they are sent into Amazon EventBridge, and we will see how to build automations very soon. But you can send these findings, I mean they're automatically sent into EventBridge, from which you can enable all the automations in your account. For example, using Amazon SNS, if you wanted to send out emails to administrators, or Lambda functions if you wanted to have some level of automation based on the findings you have. So that's it for Amazon GuardDuty. I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.