So just to help you for the exam and to make you understand what kind of logging is available in AWS. Here's a short lecture. So basically, if you want to have compliance requirements, there's many services that AWS provides logs for. It could be security logs or audit logs. So service logs will include CloudTrial and here we can trace all the API calls and we've done this as a hands on so we know how that works. Config rules, where we can track the config and the compliance over time and we've seen this as well in the past section. CloudWatch logs if you want to have full data retention, so for example, want to log application logs or whatever, we can do it there. VPC Flow logs which is to review the IP traffic within your VPC. Now we haven't seen VPC for logs in detail just yet but we'll do it a future section and we'll see how they work. There will be ELB Access logs for your load balancers and they will give you the metadata of request made to your load balancer and we've had the chance to look at it. CloudFront Logs which is to look at the logs coming straight from CloudFront your web distribution against some metadata of access and it's going to give you the access logs. Web Application Firewall Logs, so if you enable WAF, then you get full logging of all the request analyzed by the service, which is really really nice. And the cool things is that all these logs, you can put them in S3 and then you can analyze them using AWS Athena. And so that is a very common exam question. They will say we have this log, how can we analyze it? How can we quickly know or explore what happen to our ELB even though maybe your EC2 instance were terminated and we lost logs on their machines. Where we can use Athena plus ELB Access Logs plus S3, and that's the combination. So just remember that a lot of services, and we've seen them in this course, do provide logs, they are able to put these logs into S3, and then we've seen how to analyze these log into S3 using Athena, so this is the idea. If you google Athena analyze CloudFront Logs, you'll get the query right away. Same for ELB, same for CloudTrail, etc. Now also, you should know that if you do put all these audit and security logs and compliance logs and you put them in S3, it is great to encrypt these logs and then for the bucket where you put all these logs, you can control the access using IAM and bucket policies, and even multi-factor authentication. Finally, if you need to retain these logs for a very long time, remember you need to move these logs to Glacier for cost saving, or if you need all Glacier vault log then as we've seen, then we get compliance and saying no one can touch these logs for maybe seven years, or whatever. If you're more interested into, basically, logging and security in AWS, there's a whitepaper you can read, which is quite interesting. But this is enough for you to understand basically the scope of all this logging that exists in AWS, how we can analyze it, how we should store it, and how we should have cost saying and compliance on top of it. Okay, that's it for this theory lecture, I will see you in the next one.