So now let's talk about the VPC Network Access Analyzer. So this helps you understand potential network paths to and from your resources and you define network access requirements and you wanna make sure that they are compliant. So for example you say, hey, a requirement of my network is that none of the resources should be publicly available. Now, how can you actually verify this? Well, you define these requirements in VPC Network Access Analyzer and then automatically, it's going to be checking against these requirements and tell you if it found issues or if it didn't find any issues, then you demonstrate compliance because you don't have any issues. So it's going to evaluate the network access to all the resources in your VPCs, such as your EC2 instances, your RDS databases, Aurora, OpenSearch, Redshift and so on. And then from this, it's going to look at your VPC configuration, such as your security group, your network ACLs, your NAT gateway, your internet gateways and so on and tell you whether or not, based on your requirements, if anything is accessible. So this is very handy, because all this analysis is done by AWS itself. So to define these requirements, you use a Network Access Scope. It's a JSON document that contains conditions to define your network security policy. So let's say for example, you have a VPC and a public subnet and within it, you have created an Amazon RDS database, and your network administrator arrives and says that, "Hey, I don't want any of my internet databases to be public and open." So this is a network access scope and then automatically, it's going to be sent to Network Access Analyzer and we're going to run an analysis. So Network Access Analyzer is going to have a look at our VPC resource, which is our RDS database and compare it against the security group and other rules and say, hey, look at this, there is this resource that is not compliant from a network security perspective and then you can address your problems and so on. So this really separates the role of the network security from the role of whoever creates your resources and is not really sure whether or not the resources are compliant with network security. So hopefully that makes sense. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.