So, now let's talk about query logging for Route 53. So, the first one is DNS query logging, which is going to give you information about public DNS queries that the Route 53 Resolver receives. So, this is applicable only to public hosted zones and then the logs are sent only to CloudWatch. So, this is the kind of request you will see in the logs. You have the log format version, the query timestamp, the hosted zone ID for your public hosted zone, the query name, the query type, the response code, the query protocol, the edge locations are responded, the Resolver IP address, and the EDNS client subnets. The other kind of query logging you have is the Resolver query logging which is going to log all DNS queries made within your VPC. For example, by your EC2 instances, your Lambda functions, and so on. Also, from on-premise resources that are going to be leveraging the Resolver inbound endpoints, and also anything leveraging the Resolver outbound points. And finally, whatever is using the Resolver DNS firewall. So, let's take an example. We have the Route 53 Resolver and our VPC. We have an EC2 instance that makes a query to example.com. Then this is going to be automatically logged through the Resolver query logging, and then these logs can be sent to three destinations. It could be S3 buckets, CloudWatch Logs, and Kinesis Data Firehose. Now these configurations of query logging can be shared with other accounts using AWS Resource Access Manager, which is called AWS RAM. So, what does the Resolver query logging look like? Well, it's a JSON document which gives you a lot of information such as the VPC the request was made, the type of query, and so on. So, what kind of architectures can we build with the Resolver query logging? Well, for example all the DNS logs can be sent into CloudWatch Logs, from which we can use CloudWatch Logs insights to find specific data. Or we can use CloudWatch Contributor insights to find the most common DNS queries amongst our CloudWatch logs and try to understand whether or not we're being attacked, for example. Alright, that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.