So now let's talk about OpenSearch security. We have two deployment modes and the first one is public access, so this makes your OpenSearch cluster accessible from the internet with a public endpoint. So that means you can restrict access to OpenSearch using access policies identity-based policies, and IP-based policies. So this is a kind of diagram of the authorization flow. So the client will send a public request with HTTP basic credentials. They will check whether or not we require IAM signing of these credentials. Then the signing, the credentials themselves are going to be verified whether or not they're valid. And then if true, then the fine-grained access control will see if the user is allowed to perform the action or not. And then OpenSearch will actually return full or partial data. So what you have to remember out of public access is that if you want to restrict by IP, for example, this is based on public IP, of course. For VPC access, we need to specify the VPC, the subnets, security groups, and IAM role into which we deploy our OpenSearch cluster, we need to define VPC endpoints, absolutely, and ENIs will be created. And because now your OpenSearch cluster is deployed within your VPC, if you wanted to access it from within your own machine, you will need to be connected to the local network of AWS, so either using a VPN or transit gateway or managed network or a side-to-side VPN or proxy server, whatever you want, but you would need to be connected through the VPC. You can then restrict the VPC access using access policies and identity-based policies and as well your security groups. So the authorization flow is a little bit more complicated here, but the client will be using IAM credentials to connect to OpenSearch, so whether or not it will connect to the VPC first and then go through the security group, so is everything authorized true, true perfect? Then we'll check whether or not the IAM credentials are valid and then whether or not the access policy allows the client to access our OpenSearch cluster. Then the fine-grained access control will take action and then finally, OpenSearch will return the full or partial data. So what are these policies that we can create? Well, we have something called the domain access policy which we're going to specify only in VPC which actions the principal can can perform on the domain sub-resources, so the indexes or the specific APIs. For example, this policy grants the IAM user full access on all the OpenSearch domain sub-resources because we have action es star for a specific principal for a user on the domain test domain, which is our test domain for OpenSearch slash star, so any resources there. And this policy right here only allows HTTP GET and HTTP PUT on the commerce data within the test domain. So we can go very fine grained based on the domain access policy and that's how you manage security in OpenSearch. All right, that's it, I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.