Welcome back. In this lecture we will try to understand what is Dataframe. So let's just start. remember the earlier lecture where we talked, what is data engineering? Data engineering is all about extracting data from the source system, saving it into data lake, then loading data from the data lake, bringing it into the memory. And for doing that we can use a Spark Session. And finally, major part of data engineering is transforming the data as per your requirement. And for doing that transformation, we can use a Spark DataFrame or a Spark SQL. So in this lecture we'll try to understand what is a Spark DataFrame. So let's try to understand that Dataframe, what is it? A Dataframe is a two-dimensional labeled data structure. Definition is very simple, two-dimensional labeled data structure. If you have worked with the any relational database, if you have worked with the database and you know tables, database tables, what are they? They are two-dimensional labeled data structure. There are two-dimensional means you have rows and columns, right? Labeled means you have column names. And rest all is data arranged in those tables. So Dataframe, you can think of Dataframe as a table similar to a table, but tables are stored on the disc. You can save those tables. Dataframe is a in-memory data structure. That's the main difference. But essentially this looks like a table. So, what is Dataframe? Is a two-dimensional labeled data structure means you can have a structured approach to CO data in a Dataframe with rows and columns. Each column name is labeled means it has a column name. So it's a two-dimensional data structure. Simple, super simple. Think of Dataframe as a database table. Once you have a Dataframe, what you can do with the Dataframe? You can select some columns from that Dataframe. You can filter records in that Dataframe. You can join two Dataframes. You can do aggregation on the columns on the Dataframe, right? So these are the things that a SQL expression can do, right? Select, filter, join, and aggregate. And using these few kind of transformation capabilities, we can prepare data as per our requirement. We can process data, we can transform data, we can prepare it as per our requirement. So Dataframe API supports all these kind of transformations you can do using Dataframe. Many more, many other APIs or many other type of things you can do using Dataframe we will learn along with the course. So simply, Dataframe is a table like in-memory structure which allows you to process data using different kind of transformation APIs, such as select, filter, join, aggregate and many others and prepare a final Dataframe which you need. And then, Dataframe also allows us to save that result, save the processed result. You can save it as a data file, you can save it as a table in the database. So that's what the Dataframe at very high level. As we start using and implementing all these things, your understanding will slowly solidify. But why Spark DataFrame? What are the advantages of Dataframe? Why not relational database tables and use SQLs in the relational database to do all this work essentially looks like Dataframe offer the same kind of thing that relational database tables offer. There are some specific reason. The Dataframe enables parallel processing because if Spark runs on a cluster of computers, so there are many computers. Dataframe behind the scene is processed parallelly in a distributed manner on those computers in your cluster. So it enables parallel processing and we don't have to do anything special. It automatically does the processing in parallel using distributed computing approach. So it is fast and you can process a huge volume of data in less time because of the parallel processing. Relational databases might not offer you that capability. In-memory processing, because Dataframes are in memory, so everything, all the processing that we are doing using Dataframe APIs is performed in memory, which, again, makes it fast. Dataframe gives a schema flexibility. In relational databases, when we create table, we define a schema, we define the table name, we define the column names, we define the column data types and it is kind of fixed. If we have to change it, the process is very complex, but in Dataframe is schema is flexible. We keep on changing the column names, data types, everything as we desire during the processing itself. So Dataframe offers is schema flexibility. You will learn that slowly in more detail. And Dataframe offers fault tolerance. Fault tolerance is like at runtime fault tolerance. What does it mean? Dataframe is processed on a cluster of computers, right? And there are many computers in the cluster, maybe 10, 15, 20, sometimes 100, 200 computers. Depending upon how big data, how huge volume of data you want to process, you may have a hundred computers behind the scene processing your data. What if one or two or three computers on that cluster suddenly crashes or fails while you are processing the data? Dataframe or the Spark engine itself is fault tolerant. They can still continue processing your data even four, five or 10 computers in 100-computer cluster suddenly fails. So Dataframe offers fault tolerance which might not be possible in many relational databases. So that's the advantage. Now we understood what is Dataframe. Now let's go do some hands-on creating Dataframe and doing some simple processing so we can get a feel of what is Dataframe, how to use it. So let's go ahead and do some hands-on. So for doing your first hands-on with these Spark DataFrame, log into your environment, come to a Spark programming folder chapter three. And we have created a notebook. To do the hands-on with the Spark Dataframe. So for doing that hands-on, let's define a simple requirement, and based on that requirement we will see how we do the data engineering application development in Spark at very high level. So we have a requirement here. The requirement says we have collected fire calls data file in sf-fire-calls.csv. So requirement is that we have done the extract part of the data engineering, we have collected data from a source system, saved it into our data lake and it is available as sf-fire-calls.csv data file. Now we want to do the load and transform part of the data engineering. So what is the requirement? Read the data file, this one, right, and load it into a table for analysis. That's all. Very simple requirement. Load from the data lake and save it into a table for analysis. There is no requirement for doing any transformation. What they say is verify at the end that all these many records are loaded correctly and table is predefined as below. So very simple, super simple data engineering requirement. Read the data, read the collected data from a file and save it into this table. We already have a predefined table format here. Load or save it into this table for analysis. That's all done. How you want to do it? Let's develop a approach first. So solution approach I have defined from one to eight, right? Eight is step solution approach. Check the file structure, check the data file structure so you understand what you are going to read, right? And accordingly you can write the code to read the data file. So look at the data file structure, then read the data file and create a Dataframe. Write code to read data file and create a Dataframe. Third step, count the records because we want to verify these many records are loaded. So count the records in the Dataframe, so we know that from the file we are reading all records. Then check the Dataframe for potential problems using display or show command or method so that you can eyeball at least once after creating the Dataframe, loading it from the file that you are reading it correctly, right? And then verify is schema, Dataframe is schema with the target table is schema, because table is predefined. So my Dataframe, when I want to insert records from my Dataframe into the table, the schema must match, right? The schema means column name and data type. The schema of the Dataframe must be same as the Dataframe table. Then only we can insert records into this table from Dataframe. So that's the next step. And once we have verified the schema, if there are any schema mismatches in the Dataframe and the table then transform the Dataframe to match target table structure. And for doing that we might use some methods of the Dataframe. One commonly used method is with column and there are two, three functions that I have listed here. If we have a requirement to do the transformation, we will be using these methods and functions. And once we have done the transformation, the final transform Dataframe schema must match with the table schema and then we can save the final Dataframe into the target table. That's all. After that verify the table count so you are sure that all the records from the Dataframe are also inserted into the table. So we verify at two places. First place when we read data from the file into Dataframe, we verify we are reading all the records. When we save Dataframe into the table, we verify all the records are correctly inserted into the table from the Dataframe and that's all that's what we want to do. So let's just start doing that. First item in my solution approach is check the data file structure. So I already have data file loaded in my volume, so let's go there. And in the dev is spark_db, volumes, dataset. We have Spark programming, data, and here is the file, sf-fire-calls.csv. This is the data file we want to read and load data from this file to the table. This is already extracted and collected in my this directory for you also it is already done, if you recall your chapter two. Let's go chapter two, set up environment. If you have executed this setup environment notebook, this data file is also ingested for you. It must be created. If it is not created for you, you go and open this notebook in chapter two and run it and you will see the data file in your volume. So first step what we want to do, check the data file is structural. Let's check it, click it, and it should show me a preview of the file. So here is the file content. Let's quickly look at it. This looks like first line, this looks like second line, this looks like third line. So what is the first line? First line is a header. Header means it defines the column names for the data. Call number, unit ID, incident number. So first line is the header which gives me information about the column name. Second line onwards is the actual data, right? And this is a comma separated file, right? Each field is separated by comma. So that's the file structure. And now I understand the file structure. Knowing your file structure is important before you read the file into a Dataframe. Without knowing what you are going to read, you cannot read anything, right? So that's why the first step, check the data file structure. Then read the data file to create the Dataframe. So we need to write the code to read the data file into a Dataframe. How to do that? You haven't learned anything. So let's start. We have to start somewhere. So we will create raw_fire_df, that's my Dataframe name. We know that we want to read the data file and create a Dataframe. So whatever code we are going to write, we'll read the data file and return our Dataframe. We already learned that we can use a Spark session to read the data from file or from table. So going to write code in between these pair of parenthesis so I don't have to worry about the new line in Python. And we want to use the Spark session, and I already have a pre-created Spark session in this environment. So is spark.read., give the details of what to read and how to read, right? So Spark.read, Spark is the Spark session and read is the reader API, is Spark DataFrame reader API, which is part of the Spark session. So read and then we tell what do we want to read, how do we want to read. So we tell few things like what is the format of the data file and we tell it using CSV. So format of the data file is CSV. Then we tell that few options. Option one is header. We want to tell that API that in the CSV data file first row or first line is a header line. So we tell that using true, header true, and then we tell one more option and we tell that inferSchema and we say that this is also true means we are telling this Spark DataFrame reader API, that format of the file is CSV. It has a header at the beginning, and header contains only column name. It doesn't contain the data type. So what you can do is read the data or look at the data and guess what is the data type, and that can be specified using option inferSchema equal to two means we are telling that API that look at the data, make a guess of what is the data type of each column and then load it. Load from this location. What is the location? I forgot the dot. What is the location? Location We know this is the file here and we want to read it from here. This is the location of the file, right? File is in the volumes/dev/spark/db/dataset/spark_ programming/data. So we can copy this or there is a shortcut here. In the notebook environment itself you can come to this catalog which gives you a review or a short review of the catalog. So come to dev and spark_db, in the volumes, in the data set, in the Spark programming, in the data we have two files. So you can simply come to this dots and copy volume file path and you can paste it here. You don't have to type this yourself. So that's my location. I run it. Let's close this. If I run it, what it'll do is Spark session will trigger the Spark DataFrame reader object and then that object, we are telling that object, your format is CSV, header is there. If schema details are not there, but you can infer it, you can make an intelligent guess and load the data from this file, give me a Dataframe. That's all. So let's run it. We got the Dataframe, right, we got the Dataframe here. Now, we are done with the first and second item. Check the data file and read the data file and create the Dataframe. We are done here. Now count the records in the Dataframe and match it with the given count so we know that we are reading all the records correctly from the file. So for doing that count we have a Dataframe .count, API and you can run that to get the count, 175296. So that was the count given, I guess, 175296. So we managed to load all the records correctly from the file. Check the Dataframe for potential problems. What does it mean? We simply want to display or show the content of the Dataframe and quickly eyeball if everything looks correctly. So for doing that, I will create a new code cell and use the Dataframe .display method to display the Dataframe and quickly eyeball it. So call number, unit id, incident number, call type, call date. Looks like year, month, date, looks fine to me, right? Looks like Available DtTm is... I don't know what is this. I guess DD-MM-YY and then our minute, seconds and then AM/PM, right? So this also looks fine to me. I don't know if it is correct or not, but eyeballing has a limitation. So what we can do, we can quickly look at things here and try to understand if looks like things are correctly loaded. This call type group looks null in all the records. So maybe in the data file this field is null. Let's quickly look at it once, and after spending some time I realized that this is the field call type group and it is blank, blank, null, null. So looks like null is also not unexpected here. It was expected that everything will be null. So in this field, so looks like fine. So eyeballing gives me some confidence that I am reading data correctly into a Dataframe. At least the field values are in the field values that I expect and count is also matching. So reading part is done correctly. Now what do we want to do, next step verify Dataframe schema with the target table. So Dataframe has a schema. We told a Spark DataFrame reader to make a guess of the schema. Schema means column data types, data types of all the columns. Make a guess about it. So we don't know what guess it has made. So let's quickly look at the schema of the Dataframe. How to look at the schema of the Dataframe? Dataframe gives us a print schema method to print the schema of the Dataframe. So let's take the Dataframe name here, go to a new cell Dataframe .printSchema, call this method and it should print the is schema of the Dataframe. And I can see call number is the column. It is integer, unit ID is the column. It is a string. Incident number is the column. It is integer, like that call date is a column. It is date. AvailableDtTm is a string but I guess AvailableDtTm should be a time stamp. Let's quickly look at it here. AvailableDtTm is a type of time stamp. But in my intelligent guess that my Dataframe API has made it is a string. What it is in the table, come to the table where it is. AvailableDtTm is a time stamp. So we found one problem in the Dataframe. Dataframe schema does not match exactly with the target table schema. What is the next step? Transform the Dataframe to match target table structure. We have to make sure the Dataframe has the same structure as my target table. Then only we can correctly load data from the data frame into the table. Otherwise, we don't know, some garbage data will go there or it might throw an error. So we will have to do the transformation. We will do that transformation here, here in this code cell. We will try to do the transformation. Once the transformation is done, we will save the final Dataframe into the target table and finally verify the table count. So let's do the transformation. We have a Dataframe called raw_fire_df. We will transform that Dataframe and create a new transformed Dataframe. Let's call it fire_df, right? The final transformed Dataframe will be fire_df. And we want to start with the raw_fire_df, my initial Dataframe, and transform it into fire_df fixing all the problems. How do we fix all the problems? What or how many problems do we have? So I identified that AvailableDtTm is a string in my Dataframe, but it should be a time stamp field. So, how do we do it? We want to transform only one column, right? So for doing that Dataframe API gives us a method called .withColumn. And in this withColumn we can tell which column do we want to transform. And what is the column name? AvailableDtTm. That's my column name in the Dataframe. So we want to transform AvailableDtTm column and create a new transformed column. But what is the transformation? What is the logic to transform this column? What is the problem? The AvailableDtTm is a string but we want to convert it into a time stamp. For that Spark gives me a function called two timestamp. So I have to use that function. For that I have to import that function. So from pyspark.sql.functions I can import one function and that function name is to_timestamp, right? And use that function here to tell the logic of transforming AvailableDtTm. And logic is simply use to_timestamp function, and this function tells which column and what format, right? So column name is this, right? Transform this column or convert it to time stamp this column and using which format we have to tell the format here. What is the format? Let's look at my Dataframe, AvailableDtTm. Looks like this is DD or MM, this is 11, 12, 13. So this should be date, right? Second field. So the string in my Dataframe is MM, DD, YYYY, then our minute, second and then AM/PM. So I have to specify that format to my to_timestamp. So format is, we know, MM-DD-YYYY. And then there is a space, then hour, then colon, then MM, then colon, then SS, then AM/PM. This is the timestamp format is string. There is a pattern. I will give you a link to the documentation where all these patterns are defined that how do you specify month, date, year, hour, minute, second, AM/PM, et cetera. But make sure that this is exactly representing my data in the Dataframe. And look at one of these, or maybe you can copy one of these and keep it here side by side so we can verify it, right? So I'm saying MM slash, slash is there, DD slash, YYYY slash, and then HH colon, MM, colon, SS a space AM/PM. So looks like I have correctly defined it and that should be all. The only problem that I have identified so far is this field. So let's run it and what it should do, it should give me a new Dataframe, fire_df. And I can, again, print the fire_df schema and see if the new Dataframe has got this field converted into timestamp from a string. So I can print it or maybe this notebook is showing me here of this Dataframe, five_df details. So AvailableDtTm is now timestamp. Earlier it was, AvailableDtTm was a string. So kind of managed to fix this schema problem, and now we can try saving it, right? So this is my fire_df, the final Dataframe dot, we want to write it, write and write will give me Dataframe writer object. And then we can tell Dataframe writer some details about how to write this file and where to write this or how to write this data, not file, whatever data is there in the Dataframe, how to write that data and where to write that data. So those mandatory or necessary informations are mode. Mode means what do we want to do with the data if table already exists or if there are some records already there in the table. So for now we want to say overwrite. So what it means mode is overwrite. We have upend mode also, but mode is override for now, that if table already contains some data, remove that data and insert new data from the fire_df into that table, and then save as table. And what is the table name? We tell the table name here. So what is the table name? Table is in the dev.spark_db. table name. They have created table right here. So you can copy the entire thing to make sure everything is correct and we don't have a spelling mistakes or typos. So that's all. This is how we can write a Dataframe into a table. Let's run it and hopefully it'll work. It didn't. "Failed to merge Zipcode and Zipcode." Okay. So looks like there are some other problems also, I fixed only AvailableDtTm and changed it to timestamp but it identified zipcode is also a problem. Zipcode in my Dataframe was integer, right? And in the table zipcode is a string. So one more problem. So I have to fix that problem also. Where to fix? In the same line where I'm trying to fix the first column problem. So now we have to fix multiple columns. One column I have already coded here, AvailableDtTm. And one more column I want to fix is Zipcode. So for that we have one method called withColumns. WithColumns allows me to fix multiple columns or transform multiple columns in the Dataframe. And the list of columns can be specified in a pair of curly braces. It's like this, right? And in pair of curly braces you can format it something like that for better readability and push it a little bit inside. So what I can do, I can say AvailableDtTm, not comma, colon. And here is the logic for transforming the AvailableDtTm, and then next column. What is that column? We identified that Zipcode is a problem. So Zipcode and how to transform the Zipcode logic, I will provide here. But what is the logic? What do we want to do? Zipcode in my Dataframe is... Where it is? Here. Okay, so Zipcode in my Dataframe is integer, but in table it is a string. So I want to convert an integer to a string. My Dataframe reader did intelligent guesswork, but it's not as per my requirement. It is intelligent but not as per my requirement. So we want to convert that field from integer to a string. How to do that? We can write a expression to convert that integer into a string. That expression is something like that, cast, and in the cast I can say cast zipcode as a string, whatever it is, cast it as a string. And this is a Spark SQL expression to convert data type from whatever to a target data type. And cast is a Spark SQL function. So I want to use this as my expression or my logic to convert the Zipcode from integer to a string. But I have to tell here that this is an expression, it is not column or simple string. So to do that I can use expr function in Spark here like that. And expr is a function, so I have to import it. Expr... Slowly these things will be super natural and super simple for you as you keep on learning Spark. So I've provided the logic to transform the Zipcode column also. And logic is execute this expression. Expression means a Spark SQL expression. And this is where we are kind of mixing a Spark SQL capability in the Dataframe API. So do that, let's try running it and execute it now run the overwrite mode, write once again and see if that works this time. Oops, again, FinalPriority. So now it is telling "FinalPriority and FinalPriority fail to merge these fields." What is the issue here? FinalPriority. FinalPriority is also in feature in my Dataframe and in the table what we want, FinalPriority we want is string. So same kind of problem. Now I can fix the FinalPriority also here. Same kind of logic because same kind of problem like Zipcode. So I'll copy paste here and column name is FinalPriority. So I'll copy that column name here, change it here. FinalPriority and FinalPriority. Let's try that once again and try to write it once again. And this time it seems to be running. Done. So we have written all the records from our Dataframe to this table. Now let's query this table, count it so we can verify that we are done doing our work successfully and correctly. So how do we query it? I can use Spark SQL for that. For running this SQL in the cell, the cell is default Python, I can switch it to SQL. It'll add one magic command at the top, %sql means whatever code we are writing in this cell is a SQL command. So I can come here and simply say or simply select, count a star, you know SQL enough. So from this table, right? This is the table. We have loaded our data. Sorry. Like this. From this table and run it 175296. That was the number. 175296. Done. That's all. So you can see in a very super simple data engineering requirement, which tells me to read data, read the extracted data from a file and load it into a table for doing data analysis or for executing query, we had to do transformation, right? We had to, we were forced to do some kind of transformation, data transformation here. And that's why in data engineering most of the work is data transformation. Reading data from source system or from your data lake is simple. It's not very complicated. Maybe one or 2% code is for reading data. Writing data is also super simple. One or 2% code is for writing the final results. Rest all in between is transformation. So in the ETL pipeline extract is a small portion. If you are doing extraction from the source system, maybe 10, 15, 20% of the work is data extraction, rest all is loading and transforming and writing. So in the ELT pipeline, load and transform is the major part out of that load and transform, load is very tiny, but rest all is transform. And that's where Spark is very powerful. It gives us APIs to write the transformation logic, something like this. And we will be learning all that throughout this course, how to transform data for different requirements and what are the Dataframe APIs available to achieve your transformation requirements. That's all. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing. (bright music)