Welcome back. In this lecture we will extend our understanding about the data frames. And I will talk about spark DataFrame transformations and actions. So let's start. You already learned what are spark data frames and how to create spark data frame. Spark data frames are runtime in-memory data structure. Or you can say runtime in-memory data objects. What do they have behind the data frame? Behind the data frame, we have data which is stored and loaded into the memory ready for processing. So every spark data frame contains data behind the scene, which is in the memory and ready for processing. And this data frame object offers a bunch of methods for processing the data for the purpose of understanding or for study or for learning. These methods can be classified into four different categories. Technically, they are all methods, but they are logically classified into four categories for easy understanding and for easy learning. The first category is known as transformations or transformation methods. The second category is actions or action methods. Then we have two more categories. The third category is known as data frame writer methods and fourth category is auxiliary methods. Transformation methods offers you all the capability or the methods that allow us to transform the data frame from one state to another state. Action methods are to execute those transformations and perform some actions. We will see examples and you will have a better understanding. Data Frame writer method gives you approaches for writing the processed or transformed data frame to the storage and auxiliary methods are for doing some additional work, like setting configurations or performing some other operations which are neither transformations or actions, and they are not even writing the output or the result to the storage layer. So that's the theory. Now let's go ahead do some hands on to understand data frame transformations and actions in more detail. Way. Data frame writer methods and auxiliary methods. We will learn later as we progress with the course. So let's go to learning environment and start understanding transformations and actions. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to Spark Programming folder. Chapter three. Transformations and actions. I'll be using this notebook to learn data frame transformations and actions, and the best way is to learn by example or learn by doing so. Let's start with a simple requirement. Answer the below question using the dev dot spark db sf fire calls. What are top three zip codes that accounted for most calls? So requirement is super simple. Read data from this table. We created this table in the previous lecture. So table should be there with all the required data and answer this query. What are top three zip codes that accounted for most calls and are. This is a query right? This is not a data transformation requirement. We don't need to transform or process anything here. All we need is answer one query and that is some kind of data analysis work, right? Not data transformation work. Spark allows you to do data transformation, data preparation, data processing, as well as data analysis. So we can do data analysis. There is no problem in that. But we already know that these kind of queries or answering questions or data analysis can easily be done using SQL, right? So can we answer this question using SQL? Spark also supports SQL. So let's try to develop a SQL expression for that. Right. So I'm assuming that you already know SQL because you are learning data engineering. And SQL is one of the key skills for any data engineer. So let's try a SQL here. Select. Let's start with select star from a table name dev dot spark DB dot SFR calls. Let's quickly look at the table data first. So we have call number call type. And then we should have zipcode somewhere. Zipcode is there right. And each record represents one call. Right. And the question is find top three zip codes that accounted for most calls. So we need uh, let's uh do it by. Call type. Also although question is not asking for call type but let's add call type also. So call type comma zipcode comma count star as let's say count. So we want to find number of calls by call type and zip code from this table. Uh, let's add a Where clause. Also where uh, called type is not null just for safety. And uh, then what do we need to do group by group by called type and zip code. Right. ZIP code. And uh, maybe order by because we want top three. So order by count and top three means the highest should be at the top. So it should be descending. Let's see what do we get here. So we got call type medical incident zip code and count. The highest is at the top the second highest then third highest First, fourth, fifth like that we have, but we want only three from this, right? The requirement is to find top three and that's easy. We can limit only three records here and we will get the top three results. And that's my result. I answered that query using the SQL and here it is a spark SQL. But we are not learning SQL. Here we are learning Spark Data Frame API. We want to learn how a spark data Frame API works, and how we can use spark DataFrame API to do similar kind of work. So can we do this using spark DataFrame API and learn how Spark Data Frame API works? Yes, we can do. And that's the main objective of this lecture. We want to write this SQL or answer this query using spark DataFrame API so that we can start learning spark DataFrame API. So how is spark DataFrame API works? There is a definite approach for using spark DataFrame API. A spark DataFrame API breaks this kind of SQL into three parts, right? Implementing this kind of SQL expression or this kind of requirement is done in spark DataFrame API in three steps. The first step is to read data from the source from the table and create a data frame right similar to from clause of the SQL expression. That's one part. That's the part one. Without that part you will not have data frame. So we do. Step one is read data from the source system or from the table and create a data frame. Once you have the data frame right, then write your rest of the logic like select this, filter this group by order, by limit everything that we want to do to answer this question. We implement those things. And those are called data transformations. So we create data transformation in the second step. And then final step is to show the result or execute your data frame code to get the result. And that part is known as data frame action. Right. So let's do it and you will understand it. Uh well so first part is read the data and create a data frame. Second part is apply all the transformations you need. And third part is execute the action. So let's start with the first part. Answer the above question using Spark Data Frame API. Step one is create a data frame reading data from the table. And let's assume that my data frame name will be fire DF. Right. And, uh, we will read the data from the table and create a data frame. You already learned how to read data, right? For reading data from a table, we will need a spark session. So start with the Pre-created spark session. Then use the read method right and then tell from where to read. And we need to read it from the table. So tell the table name. Table name we already know we have used it in the SQL, so we are writing code which is equivalent to from clause of the SQL. Or select star from this table equal to. Select star from this table and we will create a data frame. You can run this and once you run it data frame is created. This line shows what we have created or what is the structure of the data frame. These are the columns their data types. right? We have created the data frame. So if you compare it with the SQL this part is done. Now what all is left. Apply all the logic or apply all the transformations. So we have first transformation which says select second transformation which says where or filter. Third transformation is group by fourth transformation is order by and fifth transformation is limit. So we need to apply five transformations here. So let's start applying all the five transformations here one by one. So let's say we will start with the. DF right. Apply transformation and create first data frame first transformed data frame. So df underscore one is my result. And we start with the five df dot which transformation we want to apply first. Let's do it. Select right. So we do select. And in the select we want to select two columns. The first column is called type and second column is zipcode. So called type and second column is zipcode. We are done with the first transformation right. The select part of the SQL we selected, called Type and zipcode count is also something we want to select, but count is part of the group by right. Without doing the group by, we cannot do the count. So in the first select transformation we can do this much. Only count will be done, or the aggregation on a group by clause will be done along with the group by transformation. So that's done. Next transformation is where clause or filter clause. Right. So let's apply filter clause. And let's say after applying the filter transformation we will create a new data frame which will be df two. And df two should be created from df one. Right. So df underscore one dot and which transformation we want to apply where so where clause. And what is the logic of where clause? Where clause logic is simple called type is not null. Right. That's what we have written in the SQL also called type is not null. Right. Third transformation group by. So we do df underscore three equal. To start with df underscore two. We are doing step by step and that's the beauty and power of Data Frame API, which allows you to break everything into smaller steps. At a high level, you break things into three parts. First part read the data. Second part transform the data and third part execute your transformation. And within the transform the data. Also, we can go step by step and this step by step approach or breaking into smaller pieces gives us more flexibility and power to develop our logic. And you will understand the meaning of that statement when I said it gives us more power, more flexibility to develop our logic as we progress with the course. As you start learning more and more about data frame, you will realize that. So DF two dot which transformation we want to apply group by next one is group by and in the group by. We have two columns right called type. And uh. Zipcode. And after grouping what do we want to do? We want to calculate the count or we want to aggregate this group. So the count method comes here. We do group by and count group by dot count. So now we have taken care of the group by also. And this count which we left in the beginning is also taken care after the group by. And that makes little more logical right. We are doing group by then. We are doing count without group. By this count, star is not going to work in SQL and look at in the data frame. We don't do count star here in the select. We do it here in the group by. So it looks a little more logical. Now what is the next step? Next transformation is to apply uh order by right. So we will create DF underscore for next step of transformation is starting from df underscore three and dot and next transformation is order by order by which column count column right. And it should be descending not ascending right. So the way we do it in order by uh API is uh, set the ascending parameter to false. By default it is ascending equal to true. So whenever we do order by by default it will be showing result in ascending order. But we want to set it to false because we want to get the results in descending order. Simple. What else? The last transformation is limiting it to three records only. So we create a new data frame called DF underscore five, and we create that from df underscore four by adding a limit transformation and limit how many records three records. That is all right. We have done the necessary transformation to answer our data analysis query. You can run it. Let's run it. And after executing we can see there are five data frames that are created df1, Df2, df three, df and dhf five and all are created progressively one after another. DF one is after select transformation, df two is after filter transformation or where clause on top of df one, right? That's how we have from DF one is my starting point from DF one. We got df two, then from df two we got df three from df three. We got df four and step by step, step by step we have achieved our result. I am not concerned or I'm not interested in DF 1234. I'm only interested in df five because df five gives me the final result. So as of now we have finished two steps of implementing data transformation using DataFrame API. First step is create the dataframe. Get the data into the memory. Once we have data into the memory, then apply all the necessary transformation you want to apply and get the final result dataframe, which is my df five. Now what? We don't see any results yet, right? So now I'm done with transformation. Now I want to see the result and for doing that result processing or seeing the result, we can use DataFrame action. That's the difference between transformation and action. Transformations are performed to transform or query the data, and action is performed to take action on the final result. And the action that we want here is to show the result. So we can have action written here, which should be applied on df five. So d f underscore five dot which action we want to perform. Show action. If I execute this it will show me the result. But there is a concept to understand here. Whenever we apply an action the spark engine is triggered, right? Spark engine will take your result data frame and execute it and give you the result, but before executing and giving you the result. Spark engine will optimize the query. What is the query? All these transformations, including the read operation, right? You are reading data into Fhir, df and then applying step by step transformations to get the result, which is df underscore five. So when you say df underscore five dot action, show action or any other action, when you say df five dot action, spark engine will take the DF five, go back and trace how DF five is created. DF five is created from df for DF four is created from df three that is created from df two, which is again created from df one and df one is created from df. How fhir df is created using this code. It is not dependent on anything else above. Right? So spark engine will start from DF five. Start tracing up to the topmost thing until it knows how to create DF five. Build this entire thing as a query. Take entire thing as a query and optimize that query. Optimize that query. So Spark Engine will optimize the query and then execute the optimized query plan. That's how spark works, and that's how most of the databases also work, right? They take your query and optimize it and then execute that query and give you the result. Spark also performs same way. It takes your SQL query or your data frame commands. The entire set of data frame commands is starting from your action, backtracking it back to how you are reading that data. Take everything built into a query, optimize it, and then execute the plan. What are the optimization steps? Spark will start either from SQL query or from data frame. So this optimization happens for both. When I executed this SQL query in the beginning, this is my spark SQL query. Spark should have taken this SQL query, calculated the plan, and optimized that plan. When I executed this action here, I may still need to execute it. When I execute this action here, Spark engine will take the data frame code for this action and optimize, make a plan and optimize that plan. So this is these are the steps how spark works behind the scene to execute your query. First it will pass your query or data frame code and create a parsed logical plan. Right. And then it will fetch metadata from catalog in your query plan or in your query. You are reading this table, right? You are referring to these columns. So it will fetch that metadata information from the catalog. You know that catalog is a metadata storage in spark. Fetch it from the catalog and verify whether the table exists. All the columns are there or not. Your query is logically correct, right? You are not referring to some table which does not exist, or you are not referring to some column which does not exist. So those kind of things will be performed. That is called query analysis work. So spark will create an initial logical query plan. Parsed logical query plan. Perform analysis and result will be analysed. Logical plan. Once we have the analysed logical plan, then spark will apply some optimization techniques, logical optimization techniques and prepare optimized logical plan. And once we have the optimized logical plan, spark will perform physical planning. How on the given infrastructure, on the server or on the cluster? How on the given spark runtime engine. How on the given data storage. This plan can be executed so it will do physical execution planning and prepare a physical plan. So up to here is all your query optimization. Once this is physical, plan is there. Then again spark will run cost model. So what it will do it will generate multiple physical plans. and then, um, compare the cost for all the physical plans and choose the one best physical plan to execute. And that's the result of the cost model optimization or cost based optimization. This is all logical optimization, right? And this one is after the physical plan is cost based optimization, cost of executing a physical plan. So it will choose the physical plan which is best, which can be executed at minimum cost. And then you will have a selected physical plan. Then it will do the code generation. Remember I mentioned in the previous lectures, spark is also a compiler. It works like a compiler also. So we are writing code in Python using data frame API. Or you are writing code in SQL using spark SQL syntax. Whatever you are writing. Spark core is written in Scala, which is known as RDD API. So everything is compiled which is called code generation step compiled or a compatible Scala code is generated at runtime. And that's what we call RDD APIs or Spark Core APIs. So your final physical plan is translated into Scala APIs or RDD APIs. And that is going to execute and give you the result. So that part happens when you trigger a action. Nothing happens. All this doesn't happen when you trigger the data frame transformation right. So let's trigger the action. And one more thing. If you are working in the notebook environment, you can see these kind of things when you execute your code. I'm reading table and getting a data frame. We see that data frame result is visible here. I'm applying transformation and creating five data frames. You can see all these five data frames specification is shown here. It doesn't mean that it has executed all these data frame queries. No nothing has been executed because for executing spark must do this work the query analysis, optimization and code generation. So spark will not do it until you do the action. So this part is just processing your code and giving you a specification of the data frame that you are going to create. If you look at this guy SQL query, this query executed and printed the result. So in this SQL there is no breaking into multiple steps, right? You write SQL, run it. It will do all the transformation. It will read the data, do the transformation, perform the action and give you the result in one shot. And you can see this kind of thing here. See performance. Right. So when you see performance in the notebook that means the. Action was taken. Right? Everything is done. And if you expand this you will see some details. It's a nice, uh, Databricks capability which says okay, this was the statement. You can expand it. You will see the query. This was the statement which was executed. And when how many tasks behind the scene were executed to run this statement, how much time it took? 550 milliseconds. How many records we are reading here, how many bytes we are reading here and how many bytes we are writing here. So we are not writing anything. We are displaying the final result, right? So bytes written is zero. So this only comes when the action was taken. If you look at these things apply transformation read data. No action was taken, so no performance results are visible here. Now we have the result in the data frame five df five. Now I want to take an action and now it should do the query planning. Do the cost model analysis. Select a physical plan, do the code generation and execute the final code and give me the result or show me the result. So let's run this. And now you can see the performance here. This is your final result. Three fields three records. And this is the topmost second topmost and third topmost. That's what we wanted. If you look at the C performance it will show you that what code was executed DF five dot show right. Expand. Nothing more is there because this is the code. When how many tasks were executed? Duration six 33 milliseconds. Number of rows read, number of bytes read and bytes written. So that's how data frame works, and that's how we implement or write data frame code for doing data analysis and data transformation. Rest of the chapter. We will keep on learning more and more transformation. How to implement different kind of transformation. This chapter. This lecture is specifically to understand the basics of Data Frame API and I hope you are making sense. So that's all for this lecture. We will continue this lecture in the following lecture. Once again, to understand few more concepts of spark DataFrame API concepts, I have listed four things here. This lecture is getting a little longer, so I break it here and in the following lecture we will start talking about these four concepts of spark DataFrame APIs. See you again! Keep learning and keep growing.