Welcome back. In this lecture we will learn about some core concepts of data frame API or Spark Data frame. This lecture is continuation of the previous lecture. So if you are jumping here and there, please go watch the previous lecture and then come to this lecture to make more sense of what we are going to learn in this lecture. So that's all. Let's jump to our learning environment and start understanding some data frame concepts. So here I am in my learning environment and we wanted to learn some spark data frame API concepts. And this is the same notebook that we used in the previous lecture. And I have stopped right here in the previous lecture. We start from here again for your reference. This is the same notebook. So I want to talk about four concepts here. The first concept is spark creates optimized query plan. We learned about it, right? Whenever we execute an action on a data frame, a spark goes back tracing that data frame based on the action. It goes back tracing that to figure out the entire execution flow, starting from where we are reading the data right, and create a query out of it, out of our data frame API, and optimizes that query plan using this kind of flow. First, it will create a parsed logical plan, then analysed logical plan, then optimized logical plan and then physical plan, and then it will go for the cost based optimization and code generation. But can we see this at least? Can we see the logical plans and physical plan which is generated by the spark behind the scene? seen. I can see the action. When I execute the action, I can see the result. I can see some performance matrices here. But how do I see what was the logical plan analysed, logical plan, optimized plan and physical plan. So to see that you can do the explain plan right in spark. Same like you can do that. Explain in the other databases. Spark also gives you opportunity to see your execution plan. So we wanted to execute action on this DF five right. And this DF five is the final result. And we want to see the query plan for this result. So you can do that starting with DF five dot. Explain. We have a method for doing the explain, and this is a auxiliary method of the data frame, right. In the previous lecture we learned data frame API offers us four types of methods transformation methods, action methods, data right method, spark data writer methods, and some auxiliary methods. So explain is one of the auxiliary method. It's a very extensive method. It takes different types of parameters to give you what you exactly want to see. But we will be using mode parameter which says extended. And most of the time you will be using this if you want to explain in mode extended, which will show us the extended version of the explain plan of this final result data frame. So let's run this. And in the result you can see the entire explain plan. So start from the top parsed logical plan, right? This is your parsed logical plan from here to here. Then your analysed logical plan. Remember the diagram parse logical plan analyzed optimized and then physical plan. So parse logical plan analysed logical plan. It is starting from here ending here. Optimized logical plan starting from here ending here. And finally the physical plan starting from here ending here. And some explanation also photon explanation. So we will not get into the details of how we understand, interpret and optimize these plans. As of now, I just wanted to show that spark does create a optimized query plan. And if you are interested in looking at what are different plans. You can use spark dataframe dot explain auxiliary method to see that the next concept associated with dataframe is spark data. Frames are immutable. What does it mean? Immutable means it can be created and once created, it cannot be modified. It cannot be changed. It can be transformed, but it cannot be modified. It cannot be changed. Let's try to understand what does it mean? And if a dataframe cannot be changed, then how do we implement the DataFrame transformation? Because DataFrame transformation is all about create one dataframe initially and then step by step transform that data frame or change that dataframe according to your requirement. Right? So if it is immutable, it cannot be changed, then how do we do the transformation? And the answer is given here, right? We first created fhir df a data frame. After reading all the records from this table it is same like select star from this table, right? Read all the records from this table and create a data frame. And this data frame is Fhir df. Once this data frame is created fire DF. It cannot be modified. We cannot do something like Fhir, DF, dot update or dot remove some columns or change that. It cannot be modified. It remains as it is, right? What we can do, we can take that data frame, tell. Apply these transformations, apply this transformation. Let's say this is select star kind of select star. And this is. Take only two columns. Leave every column aside. Right. That's what select means. So fire df dot select. Take only two columns and give me a new data frame. Do not modify the old one. Fire DF is not modified. Give me a new data frame taking only two columns from the fire DF. And then in the next step, DF underscore one contains only two columns. What we are saying. Look at the df underscore one only two column data frame and filter out. Remove all those rows where called type is null. Take only not null records and give me a new data frame DF two like that. Apply this transformation on Df2 and give me a new data frame df three. In all this we are never ever modifying the database. We are not modifying fire DF we are creating a new data frame df1 we are not modifying Df1 we are creating a new data frame. Df2. We are not modifying df three. We are creating a new data frame after applying transformations on DF four. So the concept is data frames are immutable. They cannot be changed. Even if we try, we cannot spark DataFrame API doesn't give any method to modify a existing data frame. All the methods are to transform the data frame and give me a new transformed data frame. And that's where the next concept is also associated. Every transformation returns a data frame, a new data frame. These two concepts are very critical to spark data frame transformations. Spark data frame is immutable. It cannot be changed, but it can be transformed. And that's why all those methods which we will be learning are called data The transformation methods. Because they don't modify the data, they simply transform the data. And every transformation returns a new data frame. And we have seen that right. Transformation means take the current data frame, apply this transformation and give me a new data frame. Then take this one. Apply transformation and give me a new data frame. And how do we prove that? Simple. We are seeing DF five this result. What if I see df uh or the initial one? What if I look at df five? DF was created here and five df was created by simply reading all the records from this table. So it should be something like, uh, select star. So what will I get if I do five DF dot show or display? Display is similar to show, but it shows you the result nicely and it is also an action not defined by the Apache Spark open source version, but only by the Databricks. So let's display it. If you display fire DF, you will get all the records, all the columns, right? If you display only. One, you will get only two columns, but all the records, if you display DF two, you will get only two columns. All the records, but not null, right? Like that, all the data frames exist. All the data frame exists, right? None of the data frame are modified. It's not like we are reading one data frame and modifying the same. Creating a new version of it, modifying the same, creating a new version of it. Not like that. And that's the concept associated with Spark data Frame API. Data frames are immutable. Every data frame transformation returns a new data frame and it must return a data frame. Then only it is called a transformation method. Otherwise it is not a transformation method. And that's how we work with the data frame API using these concepts. One question I often get asked from students that will it not explode the memory? So look at it. We are reading maybe 1 million records from this table. Creating one data frame. Every data frame is an in-memory object. So far DF is kept in memory. Then we are taking only two columns and creating df one. So df one should be in the memory because this is also data frame. So 1 million records all columns in the memory, then 1 million records only two columns in the memory, then one more, maybe a little less than 1 million records. Only two columns in the memory. then this data frame is also in the memory. This also in the memory. So where do we get so much memory. Right. It's it's a problem. Believe me this is not a problem at all because spark data frame or spark engine does not work like that. Nothing is in the memory. Nothing. Not not even this data frame is in the memory. Df1 Df2 345. Nothing is there in the memory until you execute the action. When you execute the action, then only final DF five will be in the memory. And to achieve final DF five, what is spark will do is spark will create fire df. So bring it into the memory. Then take only two columns. Leave this guy. Take only filtered columns. Leave all the previous ones group by. leave all the previous ones. So at runtime, when you execute an action, you execute an action on only one data frame, which is your final data frame, and all the intermediate data frames are not created in the memory. Spark is designed in the way we will learn more about it when we understand the internals of spark, how spark works behind the scene. It will be clear. But just to answer your question, a very common question from many of my students, that being a spark data frame and immutable method or approach, and every data frame transformation returning a new data frame, will it consume a huge amount of memory? Because every intermediate data frame also needs to be in the memory. Answer is no. Spark performs or fuses or combines all the transformations using minimal memory footprint required. Same like any other relational database when you execute the SQL query. This kind of SQL query in any database, the maximum memory it can take is one time full read of this table, not multiples of this table. Same way data frame also is designed like a database approach, where the maximum amount of memory it can take is the full result of this one table and all other intermediate data frames do not take any memory and answer is straightforward. How that happens you will learn in the spark internals. So we understood 123. Fourth one is data frame offers composable API. And this concept is related to this concept that every transformation returns a data frame. What is composable API? Let us try to understand this. Let me clear the results for this cell, clear output and results are gone. So data frame offers composable API. What is composable API? When we were doing transformations starting from PDF, we wanted to come to DF five. We took step by step approach. Right. And this is lot of boilerplate code from DF. I created df one from df one. I created df two from df2 df three, df 3 to 4, 4 to 5. And in fact I don't need all these intermediate data frames. All I need is the final result df five. So instead of taking this kind of boilerplate code or one line for one transformation, we can use a different approach. Let me write it here somewhere here. Right. This code can be written like. Instead of df one, I will directly create df underscore five or what I can say. I can say uh result right? I will directly create the result df and I can put it in a pair of parentheses. All my code. I can put it in a pair of parentheses. Right. So that I don't have to prefix every line with a new line syntax in Python. And all this code comes inside. So result df I will start with df, do a select and after select I will tell do the. Where after where do the group by. Group by GroupBy and count right and after group by count do the order by and after order by do the limit three. Like this. And this is called composable API or composable approach of writing code. And this is very popular. This is how we write data frame code going forward. In the lecture we will be applying transformation one after another, but not saving any intermediate data frame, not creating variables for any intermediate data frame until unless we need those intermediate data frames. So and this kind of syntax works because every transformation returns a data frame. So think of it fire df select returns a data frame. So we simply put dot here. You can do it everything in a single line like this. Right. Like this. But for the purpose of formatting, we can break it into new lines after every dot. It's good to read, easy to read. So select transformation returns a data frame. Hence we can put a dot and apply different transformation. This also returns a data frame so we can put a dot and apply another transformation. This transformation also returns a data frame so we can put a dot and apply count, and it is not necessary to keep count. Here you can bring it down and format it like this right. So this is called a composable approach of writing API calls. And this can be achieved only if all the transformation returns a data frame. So that you can apply transformation after transformation after transformation, find the result df and then execute the action on the result DF may be in the next line. You can do it here also, but uh, you can apply a direct action on the result DF not defined because I have not executed this cell. So data frame result DF is defined similar to df. Underscore five was defined here. Write df underscore five was defined same way. Result. Underscore df is defined and in the result we have only three columns called type zipcode and count. And this is just a specification. This data frame is not yet executed. It will be executed only when I run a action. And here is the action. Run it and you can see the result here and performance here. It shows these many milliseconds, these many rows, these many bytes, no bytes written like that. You can get if you want. You can click this and look at the look at some more details here. Right. Lot of stats or metadata performance metadata or runtime metadata is shown here right. If you click uh this query source you will jump to this notebook. And if you want to see query text you click that and you will see query text is nothing result dot display. Right. And this is your query plan. This is your final plan which was executed. A pictorial representation of the same plan. Let me close this and show you quickly the plan that we have seen earlier. Let's say, uh, clean that. Let's, uh. See the result. Dhf DSS explain and mode extended right. And this is my physical plan which was executed at the end. It is hierarchical. So last step was not. This last step was photon scan parquet. And if we look at this guy and this guy and uh see query plan expect last step is scan parquet. This is actually the first step read scan grouping aggregate top-k column to row and result 12345 things you close that and explain plan is also showing same thing scan grouping aggregate top k and column to row and result stage. Column to row is showing. Columnar to row showing are on top of this because this is part of the photon result stage internally columnar to row. You might not make lot of sense uh about the explain plan at this stage, but that's fine. What I wanted to show you is that this performance data is your, um, place to go to get all the details. And if you want to see the execution plan, you don't need to always come and explain. You can get the execution plan from here. See the query text. And this is also a kind of execution plan, uh, pictorial representation of the execution plan shown here. So that's all. That's all we wanted to cover. In this lecture, we learned about these four core concepts of spark DataFrame API. Spark creates optimized query plan. There are two approaches to see the query plan one you can explain. You can see the performance or the, uh, execution profile and see a pictorial representation of the query plan. Data frames are immutable. We learned that every transformation returns a new data frame. We also seen that and data frame offers composable API. And that's what we are going to use throughout the course. This kind of code is known as composable API. There is no need to keep on creating intermediate data frames everywhere. So that's all. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.