Welcome back. In the previous lecture, I gave you an introduction to spark data frame transformations and actions. We learned some transformations like select where group by order, by limit, etc. in this lecture we want to do some practice on whatever we learned so far about spark DataFrame transformations, and make ourselves a little more familiar with the spark transformations and how to use it. So we want to do a little practice with some 510 examples. So let's go ahead and do some practice. So we are more confident about what we learned. So let's go to the learning environment and start little practice on the spark data frame transformations. So here I am in my development environment. Let's go to Spark Programming chapter three and fourth notebook Exploring Formations. So this is the notebook that we will be using to do some hands on about spark data frame transformations and learn a little more about transformations. Also, make ourselves a little more confident about whatever transformations we already learned. So let's connect a cluster with this notebook and focus on the question. Answer the following questions using SF Fire Calls table. We already have this table, and we want to answer some questions based on that table. And we want to use data frame API or data frame transformations to build solution answering those questions. So for that first step is to create a data frame from the table so that we can start answering. And code for that is already given here. Spark dot Sparked read dot table and pass on the table name and we can create the fire DF. You already learned that how to read data from a table in spark and create a data frame. So let me run this and we will have a data frame as a result. And we will use that data frame to answer all these ten questions. Good. So let's look at the first question. How many distinct types of calls were made to the fire department to help you understand the question and build a mental framework of what the solution should be. I have given a SQL query as a solution, right? Assuming that we already know SQL, we can easily answer this question in SQL. How many distinct types of calls were made to the fire department in SQL? If we have to do it, it's super simple. Select from this table and question is how many distinct types of calls so count distinct. That's all right. Count distinct. Call type from this table. And that's our result. But how we do it in a spark data frame. Because we want to learn data frame APIs and develop our thought process that how we build the solution in data frame API. This is a good approach. Start from the sequel and then try to create a data frame code doing the same thing. So let's try writing it. We know that we already have a data frame here. Fire df so from clause is taken care already in the data frame DF all we have to do is to build this part right in the solution. So let's say we want to create a new data frame as a result. And let's call it q1 underscore called DF. And uh, usually we write data frame code in a pair of parentheses. So let's put a pair of parentheses and we will write code here. And this code should start from the data frame which contains all the data. Right. So we start with file df. So we have select star from this. Right. And then what do we need. We need to implement select transformation because there is only select here only a single select. So maybe we can implement select transformation which we have learned. And in the select what is the column name. Column name is called type here but we have some functions applied on that column right. Distinct is a function itself. Right. And then you apply count on that. So this is an expression right. And then we are trying to rename the result column as distinct call type count. So we are trying to give an alias to the result column. So this entire thing is an expression. The select transformation takes column names. We can say call type here like call type here. But we cannot provide expressions like this. In the select transformation it will throw an error. So if we have a expression in the select then there is a another transformation called select expr right. So select expr means select a column with an expression. So we have this guy and this entire thing can go in the expression right here just like select. This is a select expression. And that's all that should be. All right. We should get the Q1 underscore DF as the result of this. And once we have Q1 underscore df, uh, let's say q1 underscore df, we can show the result or we can display the result. That's my action. So let's run it and see what we get. We got answer as 30. And the result column name is distinct call type count right. Spark also gives us uh ability to run SQL. So maybe I can copy this SQL command and uh write the code here. Simply paste it. It automatically detects it's a SQL and adds a SQL magic command on top of it and run this SQL so I can verify if I build the logic correctly. SQL is also giving the same result what my data frame code is giving. So let's run that And the output here is also 30 distinct call type count. So that's the approach we want to take for all the ten questions and do a little bit more practice on the Spark Data Frame API. All these questions are designed to use simple transformations which you already learned. Look at this guy using distinct expression in the select and where transformation. Right? That's all this guy is simply where transformation and simple select transformation. This guy is also select transformation and count star for a group by. So group by count you already learned where order by all these things you have already learned. So I will not go and, uh, try to write data frame code for all of this. I'll leave it for you to do as an exercise, because most of the things that are needed for doing this kind of transformation using a spark data frame, uh, transformations or data frame APIs, you have already learned it. I'm placing this notebook here for you to do little more practice before we start deep diving into the data frame API and start learning data frame transformations in detail. So that's all. Do it yourself. I will put up the solutions here and leave it for you to refer. So if you need, you can refer to the solutions. If you have any problem building that solution or if something is not giving correct result, you can refer to the solution. So I'll include the solutions notebook in your course material. That's all. See you again. Keep learning and keep growing.