Welcome back. In the previous lectures, we learned that spark gives us data frames. And once we have the data frame, we can use spark DataFrame transformations to do our work or to meet our requirement. But how do we create data frame? We learn some methods. We can create data frame reading a table. We can create data frame reading data file. But in this lecture I want to formally introduce you 4 or 5 different ways to creating the data frame. Because creating a data frame is essential for doing any kind of transformation or taking any kind of actions to meet your requirement or to do your work. So this lecture is formally going to introduce you 4 or 5 different approaches for creating a data frame. So let's go ahead and learn that. So I'm in my development environment. Let's go to chapter three and creating a data frame. This is the notebook which we will be using to learn how to create a data frame in five different ways, or five approaches to creating a data frame. So let's look at the first approach. Create a data frame using connector. Let me write code for this and then I will explain. You have already learned this approach. In the previous lectures we learned how to read data from a data file from a CSV file. Right? That is same approach creating data frame using a connector. So let's assume we have a requirement to read data from a file stored in my data lake and create a data frame how you will do it. You have already learned it. Try to recall we want to create a data frame, So let's give a name to the data frame. Result data frame I will call it file DF and whatever code I want to write. I will write it in the pair of parentheses. Right. You know for reading data in a spark we need spark session. So we will use a Pre-created spark session here. Spark. And then we can use read read write. So this read method gives us access to Spark Connector framework. Right. And that's why this approach is known as create a data frame using a connector. So the read method gives us access to spark connector framework. And there are literally 100 more than 100 connectors available. But how do we choose a connector. We tell dot format. And then in the format we tell which connector. So I am telling CSV connector. So spark dot read format CSV connector. What does it mean. Spark will try to find a connector which can read CSV data file and use that connector and all that happens automatically. We are making an assumption that CSV file connector is already installed in the spark cluster. In this runtime environment, we are making that assumption. And that assumption is true because with the Databricks, this setup CSV file connector is pre-installed. It automatically comes there. We don't have to install it, so it will work. And once we specify which connector we want to use, then we can specify connector options. So connector options means connector configuration. So dot option we can specify options one by one. And first option I want to tell here is header. And I want to set the value of this connector option as true. So header equal to true. And then one more option I want to tell. And that option is infer schema. And I want to set this also as true. And that's all I'm done specifying the options. And then I want to tell Spark Connector to load data. And while loading I can tell what is the path from where to load the data. Where is my CSV file. And we already have a CSV file in my, uh, volumes here. Uh, somewhere here. Right. So in the data we have fire SF fire call file which is CSV file. So we need to know the path. I'm copying that path. So I gave the path here and that's all. It will read this CSV file using the CSV connector. And while reading the connector options are specified as header equal to true and infer schema equal to true. That connector code knows what the header equal to true means, and what infer schema equal to true means. So what it will do. It knows that when header equal to true, it means I am telling that connector. That first line in the file is a header line. You will find column names there. So it will skip the first line. Do not include that first line in the data. It will use the first line to know the column names and infer schema equal to true means. I am saying connector. Mr. CSV connector. Please read the data and make an intelligent guess of the data types for each column. So that's how it will do. And if I run this, I will get the data frame created. And you can see the specification of the data frame here. If you want to show the data you can file DF dot show or file df dot display to see the data. So that's the code for creating a data frame. Using a connector you can choose which connector to use. Now think of the spark. Spark gives us ability to read data from many sources, read it from many sources. Whatever you need. There should be a connector available for that source, and you can read data from that source and create a data frame. Once you have the data frame, you can do transformations. So what are the different types of connectors available or what are the different types of sources supported by spark? Literally there are many. The first set of connectors were written for file types, so it has a connector for reading CSV data file. Spark comes with a connector for reading JSON data file, PDF data file XML data file. Excel files, word files. Right. We have many connectors, many connectors for reading different different types of data files. Even you can read music files and movie files because spark allows us to do data processing or data transformation for structured, semi-structured and unstructured data. So it literally Supports many, many different types of files. That is about files only, but data could be somewhere else other than files, right? Data could be in the relational database. So spark also comes with a JDBC connector which allows you to read data from the relational database, for example Oracle or MySQL or PostgreSQL or Microsoft SQL. Most of the relational databases work with JDBC. So spark also comes with JDBC connector. Using all those connectors are same spark, dot read and format. You tell which connector to use. You tell the identifier of the connector for reading a CSV file. The identifier of the connector is CSV, so you tell identifier of the connector which connector to use. And that connector should be installed in your environment, right? In your spark runtime environment or in the spark cluster. Many file based connectors comes pre-installed so we don't have to install, but if your connector is not pre-installed, you have to install it and then you can use it. So for reading CSV file we use CSV connector. For reading JSON file we use JSON connector we for reading maybe XML file. We use XML connector. Right. And once we specify the connector using format we can specify connector options. And these options are different for different connectors right. Every connector comes with their own options. So we need to know which connector we are using. What options are supported by that connector. We can specify those options. And then in the load if it is a file based connector we specify path. Otherwise we simply say load without specifying any path. For example, loading from relational database using JDBC connector. We do not need to specify path right? So all the connection string we will specify using options. So we do it. Let me give you one more demo here so you understand it in a better way. So let's assume I want to read data from a JSON file right. We already have a JSON file with us. Let's go to catalog. Let me show you the JSON file. In my dev environment in spark DB. In volume data sets I have a folder spark programming data and we have a JSON file. This JSON file we learned how to read csv file. We used CSV connector because only the CSV connector knows what is there inside the CSV file. What is the format of the CSV file? How to read correctly a CSV file. How to understand the content inside the CSV file. So we used CSV connector to read CSV file. JSON file structure is completely different, right? If you click and preview this file, JSON file structure is completely different. CSV file reader cannot understand the meaning of the JSON file content, right? It's JSON. It's it's something like this, right? A pair of curly braces and key value pairs. Each key is a column name, and value is the data. So how can a CSV connector understand this? How can a spark understand this? It cannot. So we have a separate connector for JSON. So we can use JSON connector to read that diamonds dot JSON file. We will need the path. So let me copy that path here and let's start creating a data frame, let's say JSON file. And I want to write code in a pair of parentheses. And the approach is same no matter which connector you are using. Spark dot read and then format. And what is the connector identifier for JSON connector? It is JSON, right. And we simply tell that search for JSON connector. The ID or identifier for the connector is JSON. So search for that and then dot option. We need to tell some options. But I don't know what options are supported by JSON. So I have to search for the documentation of the JSON connector to learn about the options. So let's go to Apache Spark website. I'll show you where is the documentation. Um, in the spark side. Documentation programming guide SQL data frames and data set and you will see data sources here. Right. These are the data source connectors that are pre-bundled and shipped with every spark. So you don't have to install any of these other than this. Other than these lists, there are many more, many more. So if you are willing to use any of those you have to install the connector. So let's look for the JSON file connector. Here is the JSON. CSV file connector should also be there somewhere right CSV file connector. So if you go to the CSV file connector you will see some documentation and list of options. Right. These are the property name. These are the options. There are so many options depending upon requirement you can choose which option is relevant for reading correctly. We used header option and we used infer schema option from CSV. Now we are trying to read JSON. So let's look at the JSON file connector details. Scroll down and you will see options time zone. Lot of options are there right. Lot of options there. So you can choose some options if you need to specify something specific. But in my case I don't need any option. The default configuration of all the options are good enough to read my file. So I'm not going to specify any option because that is not needed. And this header and infer schema these options are not valid for JSON right. These options were valid for CSV. If you scroll down and quickly check all the available options, you will realize that header and Infer schema options are not relevant for JSON. So if we don't have any option to specify, all I can do is load, write, load and tell the path because this is also a file. So path path equal to this directory. And uh I think file name is. Diamonds dot JSON. So that's all I can now read JSON file and create a JSON file df. And here is the specification. These are the fields JSON connector always infers these schema right. So we don't have to tell that infer schema equal to true. Because by default it is going to always, always infer the schema. So that option doesn't make sense for JSON. And it has infer the schema here and column names. It has found from the JSON object. And that's all. That's how we create data frame using a connector. You have seen two examples. Both the connectors used here are file based connectors. Maybe in the future lessons we will see some more connectors, maybe file based connectors or some other connectors like JDBC. Or you can use connector to connect to MongoDB to Kafka system to literally most of the systems used in data engineering and data processing. They provide data. We have a connector defined for spark, and that's how spark has a huge, huge ecosystem support. If the connector is not available, you can develop your own connector using the connector framework APIs. Spark, now from spark four onwards, now supports Python Source connector, so you can write code in Python and create your own connector. If there is no connector available for your source or the system where data is there. So having said that, we will learn those things as we progress with the course or progress with learning spark more and more. But I hope you now got what do I mean by creating a data frame using connector. And this is mostly used with the data files sometimes used reading from the source systems directly using the appropriate connector. So that's how we are. Create data frame using the spark connector. Creating a data frame. Reading a spark table. If we have data in the spark table, we do not need any connector. There is a straightforward standard method to read data from the spark tables, and you already learned that, right? So let's write code to complete this. Let's say I want to create a table DF which is my data frame. And uh for reading data from a spark table. Also we need a spark session for creating data frame. We definitely need spark session. That's why spark session is an entry point to spark programming. So spark. And there is an API table. You don't have to use read and format and blah blah blah because this is Spark's internal thing. So you simply tell the table name and you can create the data frame reading data from table. So we learned this all earlier also. So from dev from spark DB. We want to read, for example, any table as a Fhir calls and create a table data frame. That's all data frame is created. So this is one more approach for creating a data frame depending upon your data where it sits. If it is sitting in some file, you will be using a connector approach. If it is sitting in table spark table, you will use this approach. Sometimes we have a requirement to query spark tables and create a data frame out of it. Think of this spark table and we tell the table name. This is same as select star. From this table, write select star from this table. But let's say I don't want to read all the data from this table, right? I have a requirement to select a star from this table where let's say year 2020 or year 2018, right? I have a query. I don't want to read everything. I have a query. And as a result of that query, whatever data is fetched, I want it in my data frame so that I can process that. So that also is possible. You can write that. Let me show you a demo. So let's say we call it sequel DF right. We create a data frame as a result of a sequel. And as usual we need Sparksession right. Spark session dot. And we have a method called SQL. In SQL, we can write whatever SQL we want here in a pair of quotes. As a string, we can write whatever SQL string we want. We can write it like select star from some table. Let's say I want to select from this table only. Right. This table. Uh, you want to put up a Where clause you can put even you can join two, three tables. Right. A very complex SQL expression which joins multiple tables gives you result and use that SQL here to get a data frame out of your result. So let's say I want to say limit five. I'm just willing to put some SQL here. So it could be simple SQL. It could be complex SQL. It's upon your requirement and you can run it. And in the result you will get a data frame. Here is the specification. All the columns. Let's say I don't want all the columns right. So I want uh let's say call number instead of all the columns I want call number called Type. Right. Called type. And let's say priority. I want only these three fields. So I can write a sequel accordingly. You can even format sequel as a multi-line string, right. Select from this where this and put three quotes here and use a multi-line string and run it. And in the result in the data frame you will get only three columns. So whatever sequel you want, you can use here. You can even use uh, um, variable substitution. So let's say I have a table name variable here. And table name is this right. Table name is this. And I want to write a Uh, SQL expression, where table name is a parameter. So I can create a parameter here table name. That's my variable here. And put a Python string substitution notation here. Right. Let's try that. Run it and it works. It gives you the same data frame here. Let's say it was something like select star from table name. And table name is parameterized. And this f is for string formatting right in Python. So and parameter comes in a pair of curly braces. So this gives me a data frame with all columns. Table name is parameterized. So this approach is also very powerful. It gives you flexibility to parameterize your SQL, run SQL and get the data frame. So in many scenarios you will need this kind of data frame creation. So that's one approach. Now fourth approach is creating data frame from a Python list. So this approach is mainly used for, uh, testing, testing your spark code where you want to create one test data in a Python list and convert that test data into a data frame. So for example, let's create a Python list. I will copy paste code for creating a Python list here. So here it is. I'm importing date time and date from Python date time and defining a schema here like id which is long name which is string joining date which is date, salary is double and createdat is a timestamp. Right. So we define a schema here. And here is my data list. Data list is in angle braces. That's my list and each record is specified like this one record, the second record and third record. Think of it like I'm defining a table in Python list, right? Uh, first column value. Second column value. Third column value. Fourth fifth values. So first column value will be id. This should be name. This should be joining date. This should be salary. And this should be created at right. So I've prepared a data set of three rows in a table where I have this kind of structure. And this is my test data. Or this is a data set which I will be using for experimentation etc.. Often we need this kind of thing now. How can I convert it into a data frame so I can run data frame transformations to test something? So let's say I am going to create a data frame out of it. List df, write list df. And for creating data frame we definitely need spark session. So I use Pre-created spark session, spark dot and there is a method called Create data frame right? We call that method from the spark session. Create data frame and source is a data underscore list right? This is my data list. So I tell use this data list to create the data frame. But this data list contains only data right? It doesn't contain the column names and schema. So the result data frame might not be good enough for me right. So I provide the second parameter is data list schema. So we provide these two parameters and create a data frame out of it. Right. And if you look at the specification of the data frame you will see that okay we have ID name joining date salary created date and the data types are same what I specified. So this is a very common approach to create test data frames for testing something with the test data right. Or while learning we will be creating lot of data frames like this to learn some concepts, learn data frame transformations, etc.. So this is another very common approach. The last approach that I want to discuss here is create a single column data frame from a range. So what it is, let me create it and then it will make more sense. So range let's say range df F equal to a spark session dot range. It gives me a method called range. And what I can do we can tell a starting point, let's say 1000 ending point, let's say 1010 and steps. Let's say two. And I pass these and I run. It will give me a range data frame or it will give me a data frame. It should be range right. Range. And this data frame will be a single column data frame with column name as ID type as long. And if you display that you will get the data. Let's say dot display what you have. Five IDs starting from 1000. The largest one is 1010 increment two. So 1000, 1000, 2000 468 and adding two more will be equal to this. So that one is skipped, right. Because that's the maximum allowed value. So we got this kind of numbers or numeric values for an ID column. And this is also sometimes used for building some sophisticated solutions where you need to prefix or suffix something with a incremental number. Whenever the requirement comes we will learn that and you will have more sense. As of now, what we want to know is this is an approach to create a data frame of IDs. And this is also often used. So that's all about different approaches for creating a spark data frame. See you again in the following lecture. Keep learning and keep growing.