So, KMS is an inner service and therefore there are some request quotas. But KMS is extremely important. So in case you will exceed a request quota of KMS for encryption or decryption, for example, you will get a ThrottlingException. That will look something like this. It will say, "Status Code: 400; Error Code: ThrottlingException;" you are exceeding the right at which you can call KMS. So to respond to such and exception, we already know this, we can use exponential backoff, which means you can backoff and retry with an exponential time in between each calls. But KMS has something very specific to it. Each cryptographic operation, so all of them decrypt and crypt and so on, they all share a quota. That means that any service that makes request on our behalf, for example, AWS S3 that uses SSE-KMS data encryption. Every time AWS will use that key for us, then it will be part of that quota. So we share a quota across our account for each region across all cryptographic operations. So that means that if we use our key too much, then we will get a ThrottlingException. So what can we do to solve it? Well, number one, if we're using the GenerateDataKey API then we can use DEK cachings. So cache the data encryption key locally so that we reduce the number of API calls done onto AWS and that is a feature of the encryption ID kit itself. The other thing we can do is to generate a request quota increase in case we are indeed going over that limit way too many times. And so, for this, we can request a quota increase through either an API call or by opening a ticket with the AWS support. So what you want to remember here, is that there's two ways to go with that quota. So as I said, all these operations will share the same quota so should you decrypt, encrypt, GenerateDataKey, GenerateRandom, etc., etc. All these things are called cryptographic operations and they share the same quota. So depends on the region you're in to know what the quota value is. But so for the symmetric CMK quota you have 5,500 shared but in some regions you have up to 10,000, so shared across all this API called. And in other regions you have 30,000 per second, again, across all these API calls. So if you somehow reach that limit, then you need to make a service limit increase to increase that shared quota for all the cryptographic operations. So that's it. So the three ways to deal with a KMS Throttling is number one, exponential backoff that is, if it's transient. Number two, to reduce the API calls into KMS is to use the envelope encryption SDK on top of the data encryption key caching feature. And finally, number three, is to simply request a limit increase from AWS. So that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.