Okay. So let's practice using Lambda with KMS. For this I'm going to create a function from scratch. Call it Lambda KMS, use the Python runtime and create my function. So here we're going to play with how we can encrypt environment variables within Lambda. And for this, we'll be using the tutorial key that we have generated from before in KMS, okay. So one thing to know is that first we want to know what problem we are solving. So let's say for example, that we have a Lambda function and this Lambda function is very simple. It returns great. And in it, at some point we have a DB password variable that we're going to have. So DB underscore password and one way we could do it is just say, okay if your database wants to connect to the database password, just have database password as part of the code. So you have super secret as part of the code but this is not great because well, if you deploy this and then someone has access to your code of your Lambda function, then they can see directly the database password is super secret, so that's not great. You can say, Hey Stefan, you told us something, you can tell us about environment variables. So you can do OS dot getnv DB underscore password. And this looks better because now, well the database password is not in my function code. So you would go into the configuration and then for environment variables you would create one you would add it called DB password. And here you would place super secret. And this works better because, well now the code doesn't show the value of database password but the problem is that if someone has access to the configuration of your Lambda function then they can still read the database password, in plain text right here of value, super secret. So this is not amazing, but we can encrypt that environment variable. And for this there is the encryption configuration right here, menu. And you can enable the helpers and then you need to choose a KMS key to encrypt the variable at rest with. So we'll choose the tutorial, KMS key. And then you just click on the encrypt button. So we'll say, Hey, use this one and encrypt. So now my environment variable is encrypted, as you can see right here. And so there is a decrypt secret snippets code that we need to use to decrypt that secret. So what I'm going to do is just copy this entire blob of code right here, paste it and then I will show you what it does. So we are going to save this part we'll go into the code and I'm going to just paste this, okay. And so now we have an encrypted environment variable that's OS dot a get in which is the same as environ DB password. Okay. Then we have a decrypted environment variable which is taking the KMS client, okay. Using the AWS SDK and is going to issue a decrypt call. And then it's going to say, Hey you should decrypt that environment variable and use for this as an increase in context of Lambda function name. Okay. So then get the result plain text and decode as UTF 8. So this is necessary for us to get a decrypted information. And so in our function which is going to print the encrypted value, print the decrypted value and then we're going to test that. So I'm going to deploy this function and I'm going to test this. We will use sample events, create. So let's go ahead and test this function. Now, the first thing we get is a failure because we get a timeout. So we have more than three seconds. This is early for a function. So what I'm going to do is go to configuration, general configuration. I will edit the timeout and it will set it to be 10 seconds. That should be enough, save, and we're going to test our function again. So let's test it again. And now we get another error and here we have an access denied exception. So this makes sense. Our Lambda function is trying to run a decrypt call on our KMS environment variable okay. That we have in the encrypted one but we haven't provided the, IAM role with a right to decrypt, anything using that KMS key. So fairly simple to fix that. We're going to go into configuration, permissions, take the Lambda role. And we're going to have to add an inland policy to this role, which is a service we'll use the KMS service and we want to allow a decrypt operation. So this API call and we need to specify a specific key ARN to be able to decrypt that. So when you get the key ARN, we can get it directly from the console of KMS. So this is the full key ARN that we're going to copy and then paste here, and add this. Then review this policy, call it, allow decrypt KMS, create this policy. And now we're good to go. We have a managed policy and an inland policy. So now if I go back to my code and test my function hopefully we are going to get a success because now my function can decrypt the KMS and yes, it was successful. So the result is great. And if we look at the log lines this is the encrypted environment variable that was passed to my Lambda function as an encrypted secrets. Then this is the decrypted value, super secret. And then we get the end of the request. So using this method we have a code that doesn't show any information about the environment variable or the password itself. And then if we go into the configuration and look at the environment variables anyone who doesn't have access to the KMS key right here will not be able to decrypt this. And so the database password will be kept safe. So that's when we are doing it but this shows a cool integration between Lambda and KMS in this lecture. So I hope you liked it. And I will see you in the next lecture.