So now let's talk about a cool new settings for your S3 Buckets using it with SSE-KMS encryption. And this is a new setting which will allow you to decrease and wait for it. The number of API calls made to KMS from Amazon S3 when you use the SSE-KMS type of encryption by 99%. Which will reduce the cost of your overall KMS encryption used by Amazon S3 by also 99%. And how does this work? Well, this leverages data key and more importantly, this thing called an S3 bucket key. So how does that work? Well, a customer master key and KMS is going to be used to generate a data key for your Amazon S3 Bucket once in a while and this key will rotates. But, once in a while and this key's called an Amazon S3 Bucket key. And this key is what's going to be used to encrypt objects in your Amazon S3 Buckets with KMS encryption. So this extra bucket key is going to generate a lot of data keys using envelope encryption which is going to go into encrypting your S3 Buckets. But by adding an S3 Bucket key and not using KMS directly to generate these data keys, we are reducing the number of API calls we are making into KMS. And therefore, we are reducing our costs by a lot. And so this is an optimization of using SSE-KMS to decrease the number of KMS API calls in order, for example, not to have a high bill or not to go over the limits of encryption within your Amazon S3 Buckets but without compromising on security. The result of that is that you will see less CloudTrail events regarding KMS in CloudTrail. And also, you will have a way way lower costs as I said in KMS. So that's it for this lecture. A very good setting to know, especially if you use SSE-KMS at Scale were very high for both. Now let me show you where you can find that setting in the S3 Console. So let's go into the S3 Console and I'm going to create a new buckets. So I'm going to create a buckets and I'll call it, (keyboard typing) Demo S3 Buckets key. Okay? Then we'll block, public settings. We'll disable, versioning. We'll enable, encryption. And it's going to be SSE-KMS, and it's going to be managed key. (mouse clicking) And we are going to enable, bucket keys. So by default, it is enabled now, but we could disable it if we wanted to get every single upload to talk to KMS. But, if you want to enable it we'll just click on enable. And this will use the bucket key to decrease the cost and the number of calls made to KMS without losing any security. So fairly easy, then we create the buckets and we're good to go. And we're now using the bucket key for encryption into our S3 Buckets. So that's it, I will see you in the next lecture.