So now let's talk about KMS Key Policies and I wanna give you a few examples. So we know that a Key Policy is used to define who has access to your KMS Key. And the default KMS Key Policy that you create through the AWS Console allows anyone within your account to access your KMS Key, as long as they have the proper IAM permissions. So this is a special one. And if you wanted to explicitly authorize a specific user, it could be whatever user, it could be a user, an IAM role, it could be a federated user, for example, as you can see in this example on the right-hand side. You could, for example, allow which KMS actions you want, such as encrypt, decrypt, et cetera, et cetera. And then you explicitly outline the principle. In that case, the federated user in this example, does not need, additionally, an extra IAM policy to use your KMS key because it's been explicitly allowed in the KMS key policy. So what kind of principles can we explicitly allow in KMS key policies, but also in anything IAM? Well, we have the account and the root user. So when you define something like this, such as principle AWS and the new account number, or the account number, and then route, you allow every principle within the accounts, okay? And then IAM policies kick in. Next, you can authorize a specific IAM role by outlining the role arn directly in the principle statements. You have IAM role sessions, so this is when you have an assumed role, or when you have an assumed identity through Federation. For example, for Cognito identity or SAML. You also have AIM users when you outline a specific user in your accounts, or of course, in other accounts. You have federated user sessions. This is what we've seen before. So when you have user federation in AWS, you can specify a specific federated user, and then you can also allow a specific service. So you can see the principle now has a service to allow specific services to use your KMS key. Or if you wanted to allow everything and everyone, you can just use a Star or AWS star. Okay, so let's see for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.