So let's talk about the differences between the SSM Parameter store and Secrets Manager. So Secrets Manager is more expensive, and you're going to have the automation of the rotation of the secrets using Lambda functions. Some of these Lambda functions are going to be provided out of the box. For example, for RDS, for Redshift, or Document DB, that have strong integrations with Secrets Manager. So it saves you a little bit of time. KMS encryption is going to be mandatory for your secrets and you can integrate them with CloudFormation. The Parameter Store has a more, has a wider type of use case and is less expensive. It has a simple API. There is no secret rotation, although I will show you in the next slide how you can enable rotation on your own using a Lambda function triggered by EventBridge. KMS encryption is going to be optional because you can store secrets or just parameters in the Parameter Store and it also has integration CloudFormation. And it is possible for you to pull a Secrets Manager from a Secret from Secrets Manager using the SSM Parameter Store API. This is about events. But, so if we have a look at rotation of secrets between the Parameter Store and Secrets Manager. Well, first for Secrets Manager, say we want to rotate the password of an Amazon RDS database. Therefore, we are going to set up Secrets Manager to automatically invoke every 30 days a Lambda function. Now, this Lambda function, for example, for RDS, is provided by AWS and is deployed in your accounts by AWS. You just need to use it using Secrets Manager. What it will do is that it will change the password of your Amazon RDS database. So this is a native functionality. And in case it is just a random secret that is not deeply integrated with Secrets Manager, then you need to write your own Lambda function for it. But again, the documentation is provided by AWS. Now, for the SSM Parameter Store, there is no native feature to the rotation. But let's say you were storing an RDS database password into the SSM Parameter Store, then what I would do would be to create an Amazon EventBridge rule that would be invoked every 30 days and that will invoke a Lambda function that you would have to write on your own to change the password of your Amazon RDS database and also to change the value in it that is stored in your SSM Parameter Store. So hopefully that makes sense into what are the differences between the Secrets Manager and the SSM Parameter Store. I hope you like this lecture and I will see you in the next lecture.