In this lesson, I'll give you a brief introduction to Azure Data Factory. Microsoft's definition of Data Factory is that it is fully managed serverless data integration solution for ingesting, preparing and transforming all of your data at scale. That's a lot of information in one sentence. Let's try and understand this by looking at the problem data factories trying to solve, and then we'll come back to this definition. Businesses are generating more and more data every day. The volume of data has increased exponentially over the last couple of decades and continuing. And that data is coming from a variety of sources, such as Multi Cloud platforms, On premises applications and software as a service applications, just to name a few. This data is also generated at a much faster rate than ever before. The rate at which the data arrives could be from near real time to batches at regular intervals. The generated data is in a variety of formats, ranging from structured, semi-structured and unstructured. In this competitive world, businesses want this data to be ingested and processed quickly in a consistent manner so that they can gain insights from the data and realize benefits. Traditional data integration tools struggle to handle this due to the lack of connectors and the ability to elastically scale just to name a few. Microsoft's answer to this problem is the data factory tool in the Azure Cloud Data Factory provides the ability to ingest data from all of these sources we mentioned. It provides connectors to 90 plus sources, and it's ever increasing. Just to give you an idea, there are connectors to SaaS applications such as Salesforce and Office 365. There is support for ingesting data from other major cloud providers such as Amazon S3 and Google Cloud Storage, and also you can connect to On prem services. For example, you can ingest data directly from an On prem SQL Server. Data factory also provides the ability to transform and analyze the data. Microsoft have been adding more and more functionality to its transformation capability called Data Flow, but it is slightly still limited. Having said that, if we need a transformation that's not available in data factory or it's too complex to achieve in data factory, we can create transformations in external solutions such as Spark to run on HD Insight or Azure Databricks. We can then orchestrate those transformations from the Data Factory. It provides specific activities to perform these transformations. Also, if we created machine learning models in Azure ML or in Databricks, we can then orchestrate the execution of those from Data Factory as well. That's exactly what we're doing in this project. We've created our transformations and analytical scripts in our Azure Databricks notebooks and we'll orchestrate them by our Data Factory. And finally, Data factory also lets us orchestrate the publishing of dashboards created in tools such as Power BI to the data consumers. Basically, Data Factory provides an end to end solution for our data integration, transformation and orchestration. Let's now look back at the definition of Data Factory. It's a fully managed service. What do we mean by that? You simply create a data factory as a resource in your subscription. Microsoft takes care of all of its management and we don't need to worry about provisioning VMs, installing the application, patching the operating system, etc. Also, Microsoft takes care of sales scale ability, availability and security requirements for our data factory too. It runs on a serverless infrastructure. That means our compute is scaled to any data size without any infrastructure management from ourselves. It provides data integration capability with 90 plus connectors with wide range of sources from Multi Cloud to On prem and SaaS solutions. It provides a data transformation capability with the code free development tool that you can use to satisfy most of our transformation needs as well. Also, we can use Data Factory to orchestrate our workflow from start to finish. It provides an excellent monitoring capability that you can use to monitor our data pipelines as well. Now that we understand what data factory is, let's now look at the use cases for which we should not be using data factory. Data factory is not a data migration tool. If you are doing one of migrations of data from one database to another, it's easier and faster to use tools such as Azure Database migration service. Data Factories meant for loading and transforming data periodically. Data Factory is not designed for supporting streaming workloads. For that, we can use Azure pass services such as Event Hub, Iot Hub or external applications such as Spark streaming, Kafka, etc. Like other ETL tools with code free development capability, ADF also lacks support for complex transformations. So you should do complex transformations in things like Azure Databricks, which we are learning in this course or in HD Insight and use Azure Data Factory to only orchestrate the workflow. Data factory is not a data storage solution. It doesn't store any data. It merely provides the compute required to process our data. Once processed, the data is written to a storage solution such as SQL database or Azure Data Lake or Synapse Analytics or Cosmos DB, just to name a few examples here. With this, I hope you've developed a clear understanding of what an Azure Data Factory is. So that's the end of this lesson, and I'll see you in the next one where we'll create a service and I'll take you through the interface as well.