In this lesson, we are going to create an Azure Data Factory service and I'm going to walk you through the user interface as well. Here I am in the Azure portal and let's navigate to the top left menu and then click Create a resource and let's search for Data Factory. And here it is, so Data Factory is what we want. And let's click Create and I'm going to go with my Pay As Your Go subscription and I'm going to pick the same resource group we used previously, which is for the data bricks course rg, and I'm going to put it in UK south. That's my local region. And I'm going to name my Data Factory as Databricks course adf and let's see whether that's available for me, because it has to be unique. Yep, that's available and we can stick to version 2. Version 1 is now deprecated, so pick Version 2 from here and then click Next to Git configuration. So when you create a Data Factory, you can hook it up to Git, so that you've got version control and everything maintained there. But we're just going to have an introduction to Data Factory here. So let's just click on configure Git later and then click next to networking and click next to advanced and tags and then click on Review plus create. So that validation is passed and the information is what we expect to see and click Create. So that will take a couple of minutes to deploy. Okay, so the deployment is now completed. Let's go to the resource and I'm going to pin this to my dashboard. So if I need it in the future, I can go and pick that app. And that is the Databricks Course Dashboard where I want to pin it. So what you see here are standard things you would see with most of the Azure services. So if you want to manage access control, you can come into IAM and you can look at Alerts,Metrics and things like that as well. But the main thing we want to navigate to is Author and Monitor that will open up the Azure data Factory window. So that's the entry screen to the Azure Data factory. You've got some shortcuts here to create pipelines, data flows and copy data, pipelines and things like that, and also to set up code repository. We didn't configure Git previously, but we can go from here or there are other options as well. And also you've got some documentation and videos. But I'll let you go through those ones. We're not going to use these shortcuts to create the pipelines, we're going to create them properly from the menu here. So if you look on the left hand side, you've got the Home button, that's where we are. And the next one is Author. So if you navigate to author, it'll give you the option to create pipelines, data sets, data flows and things like that. So this is where you'll spend most of the time developing pipelines. And the next one is the Monitor tab. So once you've created the pipelines, there'll be running in Data Factory. So you would want to go and monitor them. So if you want to look at the pipeline runs, you will come and click on here and there is a concept called Trigger. So Trigger is required in order to run or start a pipeline. So if you want to look at the trigger runs, you'll come in and have a look at that. And we've also got dashboards. It'll be empty at the moment because we haven't got any pipelines which have run here. It's a brand new data factory, but otherwise you can see how many pipelines run today and how many have failed or succeeded, all of those things you can monitor from here as well. And you've got an integration runtimes and the dataflow debug. And also you can create alerts and metrics. So you can send out an email, for example, when there is a failure and all of those kind of things you can do here as well. And the last one here is Manage. So that lets you manage things like connections, so you can create a link service. Link service is basically creating a connection to a resource, for example, a SQL Server database or a Data Lake. So you would come in here, you would create your link service or integration runtimes and all of those things. And as I said before, you can come in and configure Git as well, if you wanted to configure the Git later and you can create templates or you can import and export ARM templates here and if you wanted to create a Trigger, you would do that or a Global Parameter. And if you want to bring in your own Customer managed key, you can do that under Security here as well. So this is where a majority of your work is going to be. It's either Author, Monitor or Manage. And on the top right, you got a few more buttons. So this one will tell you if there are any new releases or updates to Data Factory from Microsoft. The most recent one is on the 18th of June. We're on 29th of June today. And if you want to switch to another data factory, you can click on that and then you can switch to that one, so I've got a few so you can pick the one you want. And when you run pipelines and things, you can see the notifications here. And if you want to change the settings, you can do that here, at the moment it's only language. So you can switch to a different language from here and you'll see the supported languages and any kind of documentation, you can go from here and if you have any feedback to Microsoft, you can come here and then send the feedback as well. So that's pretty much the user interface for Data Factory. And in the next lesson, I'll show you how to create a pipeline to run our notebooks.