Before we start creating a pipeline in Data Factory, I would like to take you through the components that are required to create a pipeline. We are going to take the bot up approach to explain the concepts here. So we'll start with the core components and that will work our way out. Any kind of action we need to perform in a data project will usually require access to some kind of storage such as ADLS, SQL database, Synapse, etc.. Also, the other important resource that we need is Compute, that could be provided by Azure Databricks Cluster or a HD inside Cluster, for example. Also, it could be the Serverless Compute provided by ADF itself. Once we created a pipeline in ADF, we need to know how to access these resources. Let it be storage or compute. For this we'll create a component called Linked Service. It merely has the connection information to one of these resources. When talking about storage, we may want to define the structure of the file. Name of the file within the container, that kind of information. These kind of information can be stored in another component called data set. Using the connection information, we may want to execute a process. For example, we may want to execute one of the Databricks notebooks that we created. For this, we can use a component called Activity. For example, there is a database notebook activity for which will give the link service for the Databricks workspace and the cluster, and it will execute the activity for us. Similarly, there is an activity for HD insight, for example, HD insight Hive activity. Apart from these external compute such as Databricks and HD Insight, ADF can perform a number of activities using its own serverless compute capacity. These are things like copy activity which copies data from one form of storage to another. Validation activity which checks to see if a file has arrived and there are many more of those. These activities just need to be fed with the data set details, but they don't require the compute connection details. For example, a linked service, you don't need a linked service for the compute, you just need to provide the linked service and the data set details to the storage. So now we know that activities perform tasks, but they're not executable. In order to execute an activity, we need a pipeline. A pipeline may have one or more activities. You can chain them, you can create dependencies between them. So for example, one activity only needs to run after another one has executed, you just create a dependencies between the two. So it's going to wait for the earlier activity. And finally, we wouldn't want to execute the pipelines manually. We would want them to be scheduled to run at specific intervals or when an event happens, that's what triggers do. They invoke the pipelines as and when they need to be invoked. So these are the major components of a data factory pipeline. I hope you got an understanding about the various ADF components. Now, in the next lesson, we'll start to create the pipeline.