Here we are in our Azure Data Factory. So come over to the left hand menus and click on Author that will take you to this screen. So here, as I said, you can create pipelines, data sets, data flows and things like that. So we'll start with the pipeline. So if you click on the three dots here and then click New pipeline that will open up this tab. Here, you've got a few things. So on the left hand side, you've got Activities. So as I said, data factory out of the box provides a number of activities. So let's go over some of those. If you want to move and transform data, you've got the copy data activity and data flow activity. Similarly, you've got a number of generic activities. So if you want to delete a file, you've got delete file. If you want to do a lookup, you've got a lookup and also things like iterations and conditions, you can do for loops, if conditions and filters and things like that. And also you've got the external compute activities, for example, you've got a Databricks activity, so we can do Databricks notebook, Jar file or a Python script and also you can do HD Insight activity. So you've got the Hive, MapReduce, Pig, Spark, Streaming and all of those things as well. As you can see, there are a number of things you can do within Data factory, but we're not going to go through all of them. I'm going to simply teach you how to use the Databricks notebook activity here and create a pipeline and a trigger and put everything together for our purposes. So let's start creating the pipeline. The first thing you want to do is to give a name for your pipeline. So that's on the right hand side, under the properties here, I'm going to call pl_ingest formula1 data and you can give a description if you want to. And also you've got a number of things you can do. So let me drag this one up so you can send in a parameter for the pipeline. So similar to what we did with the notebook, you can send a parameter for a pipeline as well. And also you can create a variable and you can append and set the variable as you go along within your pipeline that is similar to a variable within a Python notebook, for example. And under settings you've got concurrency. So you want to define how many instances of this pipeline do you want to run at the same time. I don't want to be running too many of this pipeline at the same time. So in that case you just do one, because in our case we might be loading, say, for example, our races data and we don't want to be loading today's data at the same time you're loading yesterday's data, because that's a overwrite and that's going to mess everything up. So I'm going to say concurrency as one and output will be shown when you debug a pipeline. So I'll show you how to debug a pipeline in a bit as well, because we're going to create a databricks notebook activity. Let's pull that over. So that is the Databricks notebook activity. So you just have to pull that over from that side of the screen to here and you get a box like this and here you can set the settings for those. So if you selected on the activity, you will see the settings for the activity. But if you click outside of these boxes, then you're going to see the settings for the pipeline itself. So that's how you navigate between an activity and a pipeline. So I'm going to click on the activity and I'm going to give a name for the activity. So let's say we want to start with our first file, which is the circuits file, I think let's go to ingestion. So I'm going to ingest these circuits file first. So let me go back to my Data Factory and I'm going to say Ingest Circuits File. And you can give a description and you can do all these things here, but we're not going to touch those things for now. And under the Azure Databricks section, you need to specify a linked service. As I said, when you want to access a Compute or a storage, you need to have a linked service. As you know, we haven't got a linked service yet and it gives you an option to create a linked service here. But if you remember, there is another place where you can create a new linked service as well. So when we did the overview, we showed that under Manage you've got linked services as well, but let's not worry about that. Let's create a linked service from here. So you click New here and that will open up this dialog box here, you want to give a name for your linked service, so I'm going to call this one as ls_databricks course ws, because that is our workspace name. And under that you can give a description again. And don't worry about the integration runtime. We can stick to the default one and we need to specify our Databricks workspace so you can pick that up from the subscription itself. So it's showing all my subscriptions. I only have Pay As You Go, and if I click on the dropdown here it will show you the workspaces you've got. So I've got a couple, but this is the one I created for this course, which is databricks course ws. And now you got a couple of options. So you need a cluster, as you know, in order to run anything on a Databricks workspace, you need a Cluster. One thing is, as we said previously with the databricks jobs, you can create a Job Cluster. So Job Cluster is something which leaves only during the period when the job is running. So it will get spun up and then as soon as the execution is finished, it will be destroyed. So you can't go back to that cluster. That's kind of the ideal cluster if you are running batch workloads. But I assume lot of people doing the course will be on free tier, for us Pay As You Go subscription and you won't have the quota available to do a job cluster as well as have an interactive cluster, which we already have. So we're going to select an interactive cluster. There is also another option for you to pick up from an Existing instance pool. So we talked about pools. You can create a pool from where you can pick your nodes up, but we're going to stick with the existing interactive cluster. So that means we need to pick our cluster here somewhere. In terms of authentication, you've got a couple of options. The first one is access token, so you can go and create an access token in Databricks and then come and paste that here. Or you can put the access token in Key Vault, which will be more secure, but we got a more secure way of doing things, which is to use the managed identity. So I would recommend you using the Managed service identity. This is a new feature within Data Factory and let's pick Managed service identity. The way the managed identity works is this resource itself is being given an identity name, which is our data factory itself has got an identity name called databricks-course-adf and also it's got an object ID, So all we have to do is we have to provide access to this identity from our Databricks workspace. So as long as this data factory has access to the workspace, it will be able to access the clusters and it will be able to use those clusters. So that's very easy. You can just manage it via IAM within Azure. So let's do that. I'm going to copy the managed identity name so that we can use that and I'm going to go back to the other tab here and I'll go back all the way to home. I want to find the workspace and then give access. I can see the workspace here, but I don't want to do that. As you remember, we created the dashboard, so I want to make it easier for you. So let's go to the dashboard. So this is my Databricks course dashboard where we pinned all the resources we've created, so you can navigate from here. So that's my workspace. I'm going to click on that one. And now under here you've got, IAM. So under access control, if you click on that one, you'll come to this pin where you can add a new role assignment. So let's click on Add Role assignment that opens up the tab here and we need to give a contributor access. So all it is is our data factory is going to have contributor access to this resource and we need to find the managed identity. So we copied that previously. So I'm going to just paste it there, which is the databricks course adf, so it's listed it here, so I'm going to select that and then that's been selected as the member here. So now the data factory is going to have contributor access to the Databricks workspace. So remember to save as well, otherwise it won't work. So click Save and now it's adding the role assignment. It will take a couple of seconds. It's finished now and let's now go back to our data factory. So here I am in the data factory. If I click on the dropdown, it should ideally give us the clusters available within the Databricks workspace, but we just added the role and it still hasn't really refresh the pane here. So what I would recommend you doing is just click on another radio button here. Say let's click on existing instance poll and then click back again here on the existing interactive cluster. So just to refresh the screen here. Now, as you can see, it's got existing clusters listed here. I'm going to click on the dropdown and you should see your database cluster. So mine is databricks-course-cluster. So I'm going to pick that up. So we got every information we need in order to access our workspace and the cluster and this is the linked service we need. So let's click on Test Connection and that should succeed and let's click Create. So now the linked service has been created and it just says actually it will be only created in the data factory once it's published, but we haven't published. I'll talk you through what publishes in a minute. As you can see, the new link service that we've created has been now assigned to this activity here and let's go to settings now. So in settings you can specify the notebook that you want to run. So we want to execute a notebook as part of this activity, right. So in order to do that, you can click on Browse and that will take you to exactly the same folder structure here. So you've got Formula1, ingestion and then you'll see everything there. So you can pick your notebook from here. Double click on formula1, and then double click on ingestion that will give you ingest circuits file as you can see. Let's double click on that. So that's been selected. So that's the notebook we are going to run. If you want to see the Notebook, you can even click open and then that will open up on another tab and you can see this is the notebook I want to use. That's brilliant. Let's go back to the data factory now. We've got a couple of other things to do before we finish this lesson. As you know, we have two parameters for our notebooks. So one is the data source and the other one is the file date. So we need to pass those from our data factory. Otherwise this is going to just use the default values. We don't want that. We want to be able to dynamically send file date and the data source, and it should work as we would expect. So let's come back to the data factory and then if you expand the dropdown here, you can provide the parameters. So I'm going to use the p_data sources as first parameter and then the other one is p_file date. So these are the two parameters, but now we need to think about how to populate these values. One option is you can hardcode the values here, which is not something we want to do because we're going to have a number of activities here and we don't want to be hardcoding on each one of them. And also we want our pipeline to be able to take the date related to the day for which it's doing the execution and then pass that through, so that we can use the same pipelines to run for multiple weeks right. So for the data source alone, let's go back to the data factory. So I clicked outside of the activity here and I'm going to create a variable and I'm going to call this variable as v_data source. So if you define a variable similar to any other programming language, you can use it anywhere. So we know that actually that's a constant value. So let's just do Ergast here. So that's our data source. That's where we are get in the data. So I've defined the variable here. I'm going to come back to the notebook and then come to the parameter p_data source. And I can't give a value here because that will be a hardcoded value. In order to give a dynamic content, you click on the add dynamic content, you just have to hover over this and then it will show you the dynamic content and click on that and that opens up this. Here, you can specify expressions, you can use functions and things like that, but we just need to assign the variable from our pipeline. As you can see, the variable that we created on our pipeline is now available for us to use in our activity. So let's click on that. And that comes as at variables. And then within brackets you've got v_data source. All it is is the data source we've set in our variable is going to be passed into the parameter by doing this. So let's click Finish. We have one more thing to do, which is our file date. So we need to specify a file date, so similar to what we did for our notebook, I'm going to make this as a parameter for this pipeline as well, and that will come from the trigger that we are going to create. And I'll show you how that's done later. But let's create a parameter. In order to do that, you click outside of the activity again and then come to parameters, and I'm going to create a parameter called p_window end date. You might be wondering why I call this one as window end date. That's because when we implement the solution, we are going to get our trigger to send us something called a window end date. And that's what we're going to send as the parameter to our notebook. The window end date and the start dates come from a trigger type called tumbling window triggers. So they usually have the start date and the end date. In our case, races happen every week. so we'll have the start of the week as the window start date and the end of the week as the window end date, and that's what will come through. They come in as a string, but what's contained within the variable itself or the parameter itself will be a timestamp. So we need to turn that into a date. I'll show you how that's done as well in a minute. So let's switch over to the activity and under p_file date, we need to assign that parameter. So in order to do that, we again click here and then click on the Add dynamic content, so now we can see the parameter which we've defined for the pipeline. But as I said before, that's going to come as a timestamp. So we need to translate that into a date in the format that we need because we wanted the format to be yyyy mm dd, let's use a function. So if you click on the functions, under date functions, you will find a function called format date time. So let's pick that up. And for the format date type, we are going to give the window end date. So that's what is going to go here as the first parameter. And then comma, we need to specify the format we want. So what we want is yyy-mm-dd and then close the single code. This function is now going to translate this into a date, and then that is what is going to be set to the p file date, p_file date and passed on to our notebook. With that, we've created a pipeline that accepts a date in as a parameter and then pass that date to our notebook and executes that notebook. That's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson, I'll show you how to debug this pipeline and then add more activities as well. See you then.