Let's now look at debugging the pipeline. So in order to debug a pipeline, so you click on the Debug button here and then it asks you the parameter, because our pipeline expects a parameter when it's fully protectionist, you'll see that at the end we will be sending this from the trigger. But at the moment we need to key in the value manually. So I'm going to give it 2021-03-21, which is the 21st of March 2021. We know that for this date we've got the cutover file. So what we would expect here is that this pipeline takes this as the parameter, which is the 21st of March 2021, and invoke this notebook on our Databricks Cluster. If I switch to my Databricks tab here, my Cluster is terminated. So what it will do is it will start the cluster, run the notebook and then it will finish. One thing it won't do, unlike a Job Cluster, is it won't terminate the cluster again. But my cluster has been set to terminate after certain minutes, so it will terminate itself, but otherwise it will be just running. So that's the difference between a Job Cluster and an Interactive Cluster. But if my cluster was already running, if I start it now, it doesn't have to start it. It'll just come and run the notebook and then finish. So let's go to our data factory and click okay. And on the pipeline tab, this is I'm not clicked on the activity. It's put me straight on the pipeline here and you're going to see output under output, the outputs of the debug will come through. So let's click refresh here and we should see this notebook is running. So if I click on the glasses here, we'll see what's happening. But at the moment it's waiting for the cluster to be ready. This might take several minutes, but normally a cluster would take about 4 to 5 minutes. So let's switch to our Databricks Cluster and see whether that started. So as you can see now, it's in pending state. So it is waiting for nodes. It's restarted the terminated cluster. So let me switch back to the Databricks notebook and wait for this to finish and then I'll take you through the rest. Ok. The activity has successfully completed. As you can see here, it took about 3 minutes and 52 seconds. In order to see the outputs, you've got a couple of choices, so this right hand side arrow gives you output. From here you can click on the URL and then go to the URL, which will take you. Let me click on that one, that will take you to the Databricks notebook execution. So as you can see, this is the execution log. Here, as you can see, we passed in Ergast as the data source, and that's been passed in correctly to our notebook. And the file date that we passed in is the 2021 March 21st. And that's correct as well. And as you can see, it tells you exactly what happened, actually, which command took how long and all of those things. And we've left some select statements in our notebook. And so we can see that as well. If you're doing production kind of workloads, make sure you remove these select statements. So that's brilliant. So let me go back to my notebook. The other option I was talking about is you can click on the glasses here and again, this URL will take you to the same log file. So if I click on that one, you're going to get the same log and that gives you everything you want. So let me switch back to the data factory again and take you through a couple of things. So as you remember, we haven't saved any of our work so far. If you had your data factory integrated with Git, normally you will see a button called Save, which you can use to save to your Git repository. But in order to commit these changes to the data factory itself, you've got the option called Publish. So we have two components. The two in yellow says that you've got two components which need to be saved to data factory. If you remember, we got the pipeline to save to data factory as well as we created another one called Linked Service. So both of them needs to be committed. So I'm going to click on Publish all and it's listed you the Pipeline and the Linked service. So they are both new. They have not been changed. Everything is new for us because this is our first piece of work and I'm going to click Publish and you can see the progress in here in the notification tab. If you missed the notifications here, you can go to the notifications and then you can see that as well. So it's completed the publishing, so our work is saved without doing the publish. If you come out of data factory, you'll lose your changes. So please be mindful. So that's the end of this lesson. In the next lesson, I'll show you how to add the other notebooks as well to our pipeline.