Now that we've created a pipeline to execute one of our notebooks, let's do the others as well. So in order to do the next one, you can simply copy and then you can paste it here. So that will just duplicate everything from this notebook. In our case, as you know actually we just simply have the file name slightly different. So the second one we got I think is the races file. So let me go to my workspace and that is the races. And then you've got constructors, drivers, etc.. So let's go back to our data factory. I'm going to say ingest races file and I'm going to leave the rest as defaults. And if you switch to the Databricks tab, the linked service is already associated because we copied that notebook or activity one more time. So it's going to have every information as same as the other one. And then if you go to settings, we need to change this one. So we don't want to be doing ingest circuits file, let's pick the races file. So I'm going to click on Browse and then go again to formula1, ingestion and then races. So I've selected that one and we need to look at the parameters and the parameters are as we expected. So we've done the second one. We've got a couple of choices. One is we can execute this one once the circuits file has completed loading. So in order to do that, you simply click on the green box here and then drag it over to this activity. So what that says is I'm going to run races only, when this one has successfully completed, which is the circuits file has successfully completed. But if you wanted both of them to run at the same time, you simply remove that link. So I'm going to select that link and then delete that. So that's gone. So that means the two notebooks will run alongside each other. The way we've designed our ingestion is that we can run all our ingestions alongside each other. So I am going to leave those alongside each other. One of the other consideration you normally want to have is if you run all of those notebooks alongside each other on a single cluster, can that cluster take the workload? In our case, we got eight notebooks, but they are only small data sets. I think they should be able to handle the eight files, so I'm going to have them alongside each other and try and run it. If that becomes a problem, then I'll chain them one after the other. So I'm going to do the other six as well, and I would encourage you to do that as well. So I have done the activities for all eight of those files here, as you can see. In order to arrange them on this pane, you can click on this and that will just arrange it. But as you can see, it's it's just simply going to be one after the other vertically. So these are the eight files. If you want to see all of them, you can just click on the minus here just to zoom out and you'll see all of those in one page. With that, we've done all the eight files now, so let's see whether they can all run alongside each other. So I'm going to click on Debug and I'm going to load the cutover data one more time. So that's 2021-03-21 and let me click Okay, It might be quicker this time if the compute or if our cluster is still running. So let me go to the cluster. And as you can see, the cluster is already running so they won't be waiting for the cluster this time. So let me click on the refresh and if you click on any one of them, pick one of them and it's just going to say it's running it. So it is running the notebooks rather than waiting for the cluster this time. So let's wait for them to go through and I hope the cluster can handle the workload for all the eight files at once. Okay. All of the activities have now completed. Some took longer than others, but we know that actually some of the files are bigger than the others. For example, results is quite a big file compared to our circuits. So this is how you create pipelines to execute databricks notebooks. And it's quite simple. So we've done all of this without writing even a single piece of code. Let's now publish the changes to Data Factory. And as you can see, it now tells you this pipeline is not new because we've already committed it once and it's just being edited. So let me click Publish and that should publish the pipeline to our data factory.