Now that we've got a pipeline which executes all our eight ingestion notebooks, let's have a think about how that would be run. So as we said before, this pipeline would run every week on a Sunday night, say 10 p.m., and the trigger is going to send in the date on which it's running. So which will be the window end date. And then it takes the date and processes. But as you know, we don't have formula1 races every week, It only happens between 20 and 24 times in a year. So we've got 52 weeks. So there are weeks where there are no formula1 happening. So in those weeks, at the moment when you call this pipeline, the pipeline is going to fail, because the notebooks would fail there. They can't read the data from the raw containers and they will fail. So we need to put some safeguards around it. I know I told you actually it's not a adf course, so we're not going too much into detail, but I just want to make sure that I cover this scenario so you've got some understanding about that. So the solution could be that up front we check to see whether the folder exists. So what I mean by that is the folder within our raw container. So in formula1 dl, we got the raw container under that, we've got the date folders. If there are no folders for a particular date we're looking for, we should just send out an email or an alert and then carry on rather than failing the pipeline. Because you've got two weeks gap between these two dates here, 28th of March and the 18th of April, for example, we're missing the 11th of April here. So on that day when it runs, we don't want it to fail. We want it to just succeed, but send out an alert or a warning to someone so that they know the pipeline ran without any data for that day. And so that's what we're going to achieve. So let's go back to our data factory. So in order to find out whether a folder exists, we need an activity. So there is an activity called Get Metadata. So what that activity does is you give a data set to this activity and it looks to see whether that data set or the folder exists or a file exists. In our case, it's a folder is what we're looking for. So I'm going to call this one as a Get Folder Details, and then we can check to see whether the folder exists. We can leave the rest of the information here as default, but the next tab is the data set tab. As I said before, when we run a notebook, which is an external compute on a databricks notebook or on HD inside cluster, we only we need a linked service to connect to that compute and we can run our notebooks or scripts in the case of HD Inside Hive. But when we are dealing with storage we need two things. One is the linked service to connect to the storage as well as the data set to define the folder or the file itself. So in our case, we got to define the folder that will go on the dataset and then we need a linked service to connect to the storage, which is our storage account. So let's start with the dataset. There are no datasets we've got, so let's start a new one. So our dataset is going to be on the storage, which is ADLs Gen two. So let's select that here and then click continue, the type of the file needs to be specified here. But it doesn't really matter to us because we have multiple types of files within the folder, but we're not specifically looking for the files. We're going to be looking for the folder details alone, but let's pick JSON for this example and then carry on. So click, Continue. So now we need to specify the name of the data set. I'm going to call this one as dataset formula1 raw. So now we need a linked service to connect to our storage and we don't have a linked service, so we need to create one. It gives you the option to create one here itself. So click on the plus New and then it will give you this dialog box. So I'm going to call my linked services as ls_formula1dl storage. You can leave the description as empty. You can give in the description if you want to. The next thing we want is the authentication method, so it gives you a few options here. Managed identity might be better, but I'm going to go with a simple option of Account Key, so it selects the storage account from here and then takes the key. So I'm going to pick my storage account. I've got a few here and my storage account is the formula1dl storage account. So I pick that up and then let's click Test connection and it should be successful and click Create. So with that, we've got our linked service which points to our formula1dl storage account, but within our dataset we need to specify the folder path. So as you know, if we go back to our storage explorer, our data is within the raw container and then we got the date folders. We can't use these date folders because then it becomes a static value. We want to have a dynamic value. We want to work with what's being passed into the pipeline. So let me switch back to the dataset here, and I'm going to pick the container here, which is raw. I double click that and click okay and Directory, we can't specify a static directory here, so I want to specify a dynamic one. So if you click on the Advanced, then if you click open this dataset, it'll open the dataset and give you more options. So that's what I'm going to do. Let's click Open the dataset and then here it's the same thing as you can see, we've got the folder path, but we need to specify the directory. We couldn't give a dynamic directory here, so in order to give a directory you can click Add dynamic content and then give the directory name. But before we do that, we need to get that date as a parameter to this one, right, because we have the parameter within the pipeline itself. Let me click on there. So we got the parameter which is p_window end date, but now the dataset needs the parameter to be passed in as well, and then we can use that within here. So let me click on Parameters here and then I'm going to say p_window start date and we don't have a default value. That's fine. We're going to map it to our pipeline. So let's go back to connections again. And now on the directory, if you click on Add dynamic content, we will be able to choose the parameter. But as you know, we don't want to pick this one because that's going to be a timestamp when it runs with the trigger. So we need to translate that into a date. So if you click on date functions, you're going to see the format date time function, and then within that you give the parameter name and the format. So let's do that. Our format again is yyy mm dd. And let's click Finish. So what we've done is we've taken the parameter p window end date and then mapped here. So let me go here. I've accidentally called it start date, so I'm going to change that to p window end date and then go back to connections, and that's told me that it's wrong now because that parameter doesn't exist. I'm going to change the start date to end date as well. And let's click Finish. So that's pretty much done for the dataset alone. So that's the dataset here we're talking about. Let's go back to our pipeline and I'm going to make it slightly bigger so you can see better. If you click on the Get Metadata activity again, you will see that under dataset, it's now expecting a parameter. So that's the parameter that's required for the dataset because we just added that in here, in the dataset. Let's map that. It doesn't have a value being mapped. Again, we don't want a hardcode it. We want to send the value from our pipeline because it's going to come into the pipeline. So if you click on the Add dynamic content again, you're going to see the parameters from the pipeline. So if you pick that, that will go. So @pipeline.parameters p window end date. So the pipeline parameter is now going to be sent to the dataset parameter and that's what is going to be used. So that's very good. So we've done everything we need to do with the dataset. One more thing to do on this tab is the field lists. So when metadata activity runs on a data set, it's going to give us back some information and we need to pick those. In our case, we want to see whether the folder really existed. So if you click New here, you will see all the list of options you can get from the Get metadata activity. As I said, we want to know whether the file exists or the folder exists. So exists should be okay for us. So let's click Exists. So the Get Metadata activity is now going to give us back this value and we can use it later on. So that's brilliant. Get metadata activity work itself is done for us, but we need to check whether the exist flag is true or false, and then we perform these notebook activities. In order to do that again, we have an activity called if condition activity, which you can use. So I'm going to pull that in here and I'm going to link the Get metadata activity to If condition, because we only want the If condition to execute once the Get Metadata activity has finished. And then within true, we want to say we're going to execute the notebooks. I'm going to click on the if condition activity and you can say you can change the name of the activity, I'm going to do, If folder exists, then we're going to do something right. And if you switch to the activities tab here, it basically takes in an expression and that expression evaluates to True or False. And then if it's True, you do certain things, False you do certain things. But our expression is going to be again based on the Get Metadata activity output right, so in order to add that, you'll go to Add dynamic content and then you can see activity output. So that's the Get Folder Details activity and this is the output coming from there. From there, what we're going to check is the Exists flag. So that is a they're going to be True or False. So if it's True, we'll do certain things. If it's False, we can do other things. So you can click on True and then execute these notebooks. I'm going to quickly copy these notebooks so that we can paste them in there. So in order to fit everything in, you can click here, which will be zoomed to fit. So I'm going to select all of this. We don't want to copy them. We want to cut them and paste them into another activity. So I'm going to right click here on one of these activities and then cut. So everything's disappeared from here. Now let's click on the if condition activity and I'm going to make it bigger as well and then click on True where you've got the pencil icon here. And then that will open up another window where you can paste those activities. So all of those activities have been pasted here. You can align them using the Auto align here. So if you want to go back to the pipeline, you click again on the pipeline here. So all we're doing is from the pipeline, if the folder exists, activity evaluates to True, then we're going to do these things. So let's go back to the pipeline. So this is the If condition activity. In the False, I'm going to leave it as blank now so it will just quietly succeed. But in a production scenario, you might want to hook in logic app and then send out an email to the support team, for example. But let's keep it simple and let's just do the True condition here. So now that we've successfully put the safety controls here, let's test this. I'm going to test it for a date for which we don't have any data. So I'm going to pick the date, say, 20th of March, because we only have data for 21st. And let's go to the Outputs and Refresh. And it should simply go to the If condition and go to the False branch of the If condition and then just quietly come out of it. So as you can say, things have succeeded. There is nothing else running, because If Folder Exists basically said, I can't do anything anymore. If you go to the Get Folder Details and click on the Output icon here, you can see that exists there has come out as False and we've got nothing to do for False is what happened. So if you quickly do for which we got data, which is the cut over day 21st of March, it'll just simply run through. So as you can see, all the other notebooks are now running. So all the activities have now completed. So we now have an ingestion pipeline which does what we want to do. So let's click Publish all to publish the changes. And then in the next lesson, I'll show you how to do the transformation pipeline and put everything together.