So let's now start with our Transformation pipeline. So as you know, we've got a transformation pipeline to do with three or four scripts, I think four notebooks. So let me go to the transformation folder. So we've got these four notebooks to execute from our transformation pipeline. But one interesting thing is that only needs to happen once we finished all the ingestions because we don't want to be picking up data halfway through, but within this notebooks we need the race results to execute before the driver standings executed and also constructor standing is executed, but calculated results can run independently of these things. So we'll do all these dependencies within our pipeline. So let's switch back to our data factory and I'm going to simply clone this pipeline and I'm going to call this one as transformation or transform formula1 data. And there are no other changes you need to make to the get folder details or If condition, because we only want to do transformations when there is new data. Otherwise there is no pointing running the transformations through. So let's go to the activities here for the True condition so you can click on this pencil icon as well. Last time we went from activities here and then clicked on here, but this is another shortcut, so you can click here. I'm going to delete everything and leave only one of those. Okay, So let's let's take this one. So this is our ingestion for circuits file. And I'm going to just rename that one to say we want to transform race results. And we don't need to change anything here for the linked service because it's the same cluster which is going to process our transformed data as well. But if you had another cluster, you could just pick that up here. So go to Settings and then we want to browse to our race results notebook. And let's see actually which parameters are required. Let me click open here so it will open up the notebook, but I don't think we need the data source, we only need the file date. So let's go back to our data factory and now we can simply delete the data source from here. So we now have an activity which does what we need for transformation. So I'm going to simply copy that and call this one as driver standings. So it's going to be transform driver standings. And we need to get the new notebook here. So let me browse to the folders again and I'm going to assign the new notebook, which is the driver standings. And because we need the driver standings to execute after the race results, I'm going to just link the two. So on successful completion of this one, the driver standings will execute. Let me make it slightly bigger. And also we have the constructors standings, so I'm going to copy and paste the drivers standings and I'm going to call this one as constructor standings. And also assign the right notebook here, which is the constructor standings. And this one also needs to be dependent on the race results. So I'm going to just simply connect the two here. So on successful completion of race results, we're going to do this one. But we have one more notebook, which is the calculated race results. So I'm going to create an activity for that one. So that's going to be called calculated race results. And for that one, we've got to get the notebook as well. And we've got the right notebook and this can be left alone. So it can run in parallel to the race results or any other notebooks we've got here. So if I just auto align so this is how it will look like. So we got the race results which runs before the driver standings and constructor standings, and the calculator results will run on its own. So we've got this pipeline which is going to do what we want it to do. Having said that, we have one more thing to do because we only want this pipeline, which is the transformation to happen after the ingestion. So there are a few ways of doing it. One is to use trigger dependencies, but we will use pipeline dependency. So I'm going to create a new pipeline here and I'm going to call this one as pl_ process formula1 data. Here, we are going to execute the first pipeline first and then the next one. Even for this one, we need to get the parameter right. So let's create the parameter here. And also I'm going to set the Concurrency to one, because we don't want many of those to run at the same time. So in order to execute one of the other pipelines from this pipeline, you've got an activity called Execute Pipeline. So that's what we're going to use. So that's going to be Execute Pipeline, so let's bring that in here and we're going to do a ingestion first. So execute ingestion pipeline and go to settings and then you can pick the pipeline you want to execute. So which is the ingest formula1 data. So that expects the window start date or window end date. So we need to assign that value. So that's coming from this pipelines parameter, so let's go again to dynamic content and just assign that and we need another execute pipeline here and I'm going to copy this and paste it one more time and change that. That will do the transformation. So we need to link the two, so the transformation one runs after the ingestion. So I'm going to call this one as transformation. And under Settings, you can now pick the new pipeline, which is pl transform formula1 data, and that's got the same parameter and the values are the same. So here what we've done is we've got a master pipeline, which is called the process formula1 data, which is going to do ingestion first, all of those and then only on successful completion it's going to do the transformations. That's brilliant. That's what we want. So I'm going to do a debug of the master pipeline just to make sure that the pipelines do what we expect them to do. Let's do that. So I'm going to run it again for the cutover date and let's click Okay. So the pipeline's now successfully completed the execution. And as you can see, this is a master pipeline which is doing the execution of the ingestion first and then the transformation. If you wanted to look at what happened within ingestion, you can click on the right arrow here, which is the output, and then it will give you the run Id and you can click through to that and you can see the outputs here. So as you can see, we had the first step, which is to see whether the folder existed and then if it existed, we executed all these ingestion pipelines. And similarly, if you wanted to look at the execution of the transformation, you come here, click on the Output, and then click on the pipeline Id and that will put you here. So as you can see again, actually, we looked for the folder, it existed and then we executed the transformations. And if you wanted to look at what happened inside any one of those, you just click on the glasses here or the output, but I'm going to click on the glasses and then that brings up the URL and click on the URL that will open up the database notebook with the output here for you. So as you can see, it's executed and it tells you what the parameters are here and all the runtimes for each one of those and it goes up to the end. In a production environment, you wouldn't have the select statements. I've just left them in here just to look at the data. But you should remove them before you deploy them into your production environment. With this, we've got the pipeline totally completed for our purposes. The only thing left to do is to create a trigger so that the pipeline executes every week and dynamically we pass in the file date and it takes the file date for that week and pulls the data, ingest the data and transform it in the way we want it to. So that's what we're going to see in the next lesson and I'll see in the next one.