In this lesson, we are going to look at Triggers. As we said previously, we need a trigger in order to invoke a pipeline. Otherwise you'll be running it manually, which is not what we want to do. So we want our pipeline to run every week on a Sunday night, say at 10 p.m., so that it processes that week's race data and then does all the transformations and everything it needs to do after that as well. So we're going to plug this pipeline into a trigger which is going to run every Sunday. But if there is no race on a Sunday, we've already covered that scenario. So it will just come in run, but it won't do anything. Let's start creating a trigger. In order to create a trigger. You go to the Manage tab here on the left and you click on Author Triggers and then you can click New to create a trigger. So we need a name for our trigger. I'm going to call mine as tr_process formula1 data. So that's going to do both the ingestion as well as the transformation. So I've called it process formula1 data, and this is an important one. So we got a few types of triggers. So the main ones are Schedule Triggers, Tumbling Window Triggers and Event Triggers. But recently Event Triggers have been split into two storage events and custom events, which is in preview. So I'm going to talk about these three which are in general availability. So Schedule Trigger is basically a trigger which runs on a calendar. So you would just simply say, I want my pipeline to run at 10 a.m. and say 2 p.m. every day, Monday to Friday, then you can put that in a calendar and it'll come in and run. It won't do anything else. You can't create dependencies between scheduled triggers. It's simply a trigger which triggers your pipeline at that specific time. That's all it is. And the next one is the Tumbling window Trigger, they are mainly used to work on slices of data. Say, for example, you may have a requirement where you want to pull data from a source system every 6 hours. So in that case, you would say, I want the Tumbling window trigger to run at six hour intervals, and the start date for the tumbling window trigger, say, is midnight to 6 a.m., and then the next tumbling window would be from 6:00 am to 12 p.m. and the next one will be 12 p.m. to 6 p.m. and then the following one will be 12 or sorry, 6 p.m. to 12 a.m.. So it goes like that. So they have got the concept of start and end. So you've got a slice of data which fits into that start in the end and it runs at that regular interval. So that's kind of what we need. So for us actually race happens during a week Friday, Saturday, Sunday and we got the data at the end of Sunday so we can schedule our Tumbling window trigger to run at 10 p.m.. We can use the schedule trigger for our purposes. But one issue with scheduled trigger is you can only schedule a trigger to come in and run in the future, but if it is a tumbling window trigger, you can even run it for a past date. So we are in June 30th now and I've got data for the 21st of March, which is three months ago. But by using a Tumbling window trigger, I could trigger the schedules for that period as well. So we will use tumbling window for our purposes. The next one I'll quickly explain which is the Events Trigger. So the storage event trigger is simply looking for something to happen on a blob storage. So if a file arrives or if you delete a file, a file disappears, basically that can be a trigger to invoke this trigger, and then the trigger could invoke a pipeline. So, for example, you may have a requirement where you want to only run your pipelines, when a file arrives, you can create a trigger to monitor that file and when the file arrives, the trigger triggers and then it just executes. So that is Event based Trigger. As I said, we're going to select the Tumbling window Trigger for our purposes. And as we know, we have data for the three dates here, which are 21st of March, 28th of March and 18th of April. So we need to run our trigger, the first trigger on the 21st of March. And as I said, Tumbling window trigger normally runs at the end date of the trigger. So we need to start our trigger a week before so that it runs every week. And then on the end date it runs. If it doesn't make sense to you at the moment, don't worry, when I do it in ADF, you're going to understand it because we're going to see all the dates being set as well. So let's switch over to the data factory. So for us, actually, we want to pick the date as 14th of March for the trigger to start, because that is a week before the 21st of March. So our window start date will be 14 March and the end date will be 21st of March. And we need to pick a time now. I'm going to go for 10 p.m. because it's a Sunday and we expect the files to arrive around 10 p.m.. say so, let's click Okay. And now we need to specify the recurrence. So as we said, we want to run it every week. So unfortunately we only have the minutes and hours so we can select hours and calculate the number of hours. So for the seven day week, the number of hours is 168 hours. So that's what we're going to give here. And you can specify an end date or you can leave it open ended. So that means if you leave it as open ended, the trigger is going to keep on running and in the future dates whenever a Sunday night, 10:00 pm occurs, the trigger will run for that time, but we don't want it to keep on running. I only got data up to 18 of April, so I'm going to stop at that date. So let's go to 18th of April. So I can't stop by 18th of April, but I'm going to go for the 25th of April and show you that actually it runs up to 25th of April and there is no file, so it'll just simply finish without processing any data. So let's test that scenario as well. So that would be, again, 10 p.m.. And let's click Okay. So we're running the trigger from 14 March to 25th of April, and it runs every week. You have got a few options here Advanced, you can, as I said, actually, you can create dependency with another trigger. For example, in our case, if we created a separate pipeline for ingestion, separate pipeline for transformation and you had two separate triggers for those as well, you can create the transformation trigger to be dependent on the ingestion, but we have a master pipeline which does everything for us so we don't have any dependencies to create. And the one important thing to note here is the concurrency. So do you want many of the occurrences of that trigger to run at the same time? So, for example, we're going to run one for the 21st of March and then 28th of March, and then you've got the 18th of April and 11th of April and all of those days. So there will be about six triggers coming into run. Would you like all of them to be running at the same time, or would you like one at a time? In our case, we don't want to be running all of them at the same time. That's because we want to process our data in sequence. So we only want to load the first day's data first and then the second day's data or first races data first and then the second races data and so on. So let me say my concurrency is one and you can activate the trigger here, but I'm going to say No, because we still haven't associated our trigger to our pipeline. So we need to do that. So I'm going to say Ok here and then you come over to your Author tab again and open the pipeline to which you want the trigger to be associated. In this case, it is the pl_ process formula1 data, and I'm going to click on Add Trigger and then you click on New/Edit, because that's going to list all the triggers available. So the one trigger available for us is to tr_process formula1 data. And now we've linked the trigger to our pipeline and we can activate this trigger because we've done everything and let's click okay. So it's going to ask us for the parameter to be sent from the trigger to the pipeline. As we know, our pipeline expects parameter, which is the window end date. So as I said, our trigger is going to run a weekly interval and it's got a start date and the end date, it runs on the end date. So in our case, we want to send the end date to our pipeline. There is a system variable that you can use to pass that value from the trigger to the pipeline. So that's here in the documentation. This is the docs.Microsoft.com page, and as you can see here for Tumbling window triggers, we got a few system variables you can use in our pipelines. So we're going to take the window end date. So I'm going to copy that and I come over here and then if I paste it. So now whenever the trigger runs, it's going to pass that window end time to the window end date of our pipeline. So let's click Okay. But before that, as you can see in red, make sure you publish for the trigger to be activated after clicking Okay. So triggers won't run as soon as you click Okay, you will have to come over and do a Publish all. So that's what I'm going to do. So the publishing has now completed. So in order to monitor the trigger being run, you can come over to the monitor tab. It'll directly put you on the pipeline runs, but we want to go to trigger runs. So let's go to trigger runs. And as you can see, the first trigger is already running. But now is the time, we want to talk about the window start dates and end date. As we said, we're starting our trigger from the 14th of March, so this trigger should have a start date of 14th of March and end date of 21st March. So you can see that in the properties tab here. So as you can see, the window start date is 14th of March at 10 p.m. and the end date is 21st of March at 10 p.m.. So you can add that to the table here. So if I click on the Add column, that will now be added here. So whenever there is a new trigger, you will see that as well. So this trigger is running. So let me click Refresh. So that's the only trigger running in order to see what pipeline is running at what stage it is in, you've got two choices. One, you can click on the pipelines here, and then click on here. Or you can go to the pipeline runs and that will show you the pipelines that are running. Let me go back to the trigger runs and from there we can navigate. So let's click on the pipelines and then click on this link here and that will put you directly into your pipeline. And as you can see, our ingestion for the cutover date is currently happening, and once that's done, it's going to go to transformation. But let me see what the parameters being passed in are. All I did is I clicked on the input button here next to the activity name execute ingestion, and that opens up the input dialog here. And you can see the parameter is being passed in. So as you can see, what we passed in is 2021-03-21 and that's 10 p.m.. But we did a translation from this to use just the date, so our internal activities will just be using those. So let's go into one of those and have a look at that. So I'm going to click on the right arrow here with the output tab and I'm going to click on the link here and that opens up the internal pipeline, which is the ingest formula1 data. And as you can see, the parameter would be passed into these as well. So let's have a look at ingest drivers file. And as you can see here, the file date being passed in is 2021-03-21. That's because we use the format date time function to format the timestamp to add date here and the pipe and the notebooks will be running. So let's click on the glasses here and then click on the link here just to see how the pipeline or how the notebook's getting on with. So as you can see, we've got the data source and the file date are as expected. And if I scroll down I can see what it's currently doing. It seemed to have finished everything. So if I go back to the data factory and I can see that actually they've succeeded already, so the other three are still in progress. So let's go back to the trigger runs and wait for the next trigger to run. This will take about 8, 9 minutes because it has to do the ingestion as well as transformation next and then we'll see the next one running and the following one as well. So I'll show you those. As you can see, the trigger here for the first day or the first tumbling window has now finished and the next one has come in and that's running. So let's click on the window end date and add that column to our window here. And as you can see, the first one was for the 21st of March 2021, and the next one is for the 28th of March 2021. The time here is 11 p.m. rather than 10, that's because of the summer time adjustment, but internally it will be sending in 10 p.m. because that is the UTC time. As you can see, we didn't have to do anything, actually it's automatically putting in the pipelines to run on the specific times we requested and it's going to just carry on doing everything up to the 25th of April is what we requested for. So we'll let you run up to that point and then I'll come back and take you through the triggers being triggered during the period. As you can see, all 6 triggers have now come in and run through and they've all succeeded. And as you can see, the window end time for those are from 21st March 28th, 4th of April, 11th of April, 18th of April and 25th of April. So as we know, we only have data for the 21st of March 28th of March as well as the 18th of April. And we don't have data for the other days. You can assume there are no races for those days. So let's quickly have a look at those. So I'll pick the 4th of April and there should be nothing happening. So if I go to the pipeline from here and it should just come in and not do much. So if I open the pipeline again, and as you can see it, just look to see whether the folder exists and the outcome is false. So that means it hasn't really done anything, but rather, if we go to the other ones, one of the other ones, I'm going to add the window end date back as a column, It just takes it out every time you go and come back, which is annoying. So let me look at the 28th of March and let's look at the pipeline and that should be vastly different. So let's open that up and it should have all of the ingestions here. So as you can see, it's look to see whether there is a folder existed and the outcome is True. So it came and did all the other activities to ingest the files and it's done everything it needed to do. So that's how you can create a trigger to invoke a pipeline. And as you've seen in the last few lessons, ADF is quite sophisticated. You can tie in loads of other things as well. So for example, you want to write an activity to go and pull the data every week from the Ergast website, you can do that as well. There is an activity called copy activity, which you can say my source is a HTTP URL and my target is my Data Lake. It will pull the file every week, from there, put it into your Data Lake and then you can take it and process it. At this point in time, I've given those files as manually, but if you are using ADF for the whole solution, you could just simply automate the whole process. And also once the data has been loaded into your Delta Lake, you can refresh a Power BI dashboard or something similar. So it is quite sophisticated. But as I said before, this is a course on Azure Databricks not Data Factory. So if you're interested in learning Data Factory, look for other courses or also look at the Microsoft documentation, which is quite detailed. So it is quite good documentation. You can go and have a look around as well. So that's the end of our Data Factory section and I'll see you in the next lesson.