Welcome back. I'm sure you are keen to get started with learning about Azure Databricks now. We'll start with a high level overview of Azure Databricks in this lesson, and then we'll explore its key components in more detail in the upcoming lessons. At the core of Databricks is the open source distributed compute engine called Apache Spark, which is widely used in the industry for building big data and machine learning projects. Databricks was founded by the creators of Apache Spark to make working with spark easier by providing the essential management layers, and it's available on all major cloud platforms including Microsoft Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud. Microsoft makes the Databricks service available on its Azure Cloud platform as a first party service, and these three offerings together makes the Azure Databricks service that's Azure Databricks at a high level. Let me now start with an introduction to spark, and then I'll talk you through how Databricks makes working with spark easier. And finally, we'll look at the integration between Databricks and Azure. Apache spark is a fast, unified analytics engine designed for big data processing and machine learning. It was originally developed at UC Berkeley in 2009 and open sourced in 2010. In 2013, it became a project under the Apache Software Foundation, and has seen significant adoption since. Companies like Yahoo, eBay, and Netflix use spark for large scale data processing, handling petabytes of data on clusters with thousands of nodes. Spark was designed to address the limitations of Hadoop, which was widely used as the big data processing engine at the time. Hadoop was slow and inefficient for interactive and iterative computing tasks. In contrast, spark provides a simpler and faster APIs that are easier to work with. It can be up to 100 times faster than Hadoop for large scale data processing, by utilizing in-memory computing and various optimizations. Like most big data engines, spark runs on a distributed compute platform. It has a unified engine that supports both batch and streaming workloads. Spark also provides built in libraries for SQL queries, machine learning, and graph processing, making it versatile and efficient for developers to build complex workflows. While spark is a powerful engine, setting up clusters, managing security, and using third party tools to write programs can be quite challenging. This is where Databricks comes in. Databricks allows you to spin up clusters with just a few clicks. You can choose from different runtime options to fit your needs, whether it's for general purpose use, memory optimized processing, or GPU support for machine learning tasks. Databricks also provides an integrated Jupyter Notebook IDE that allows you to create and run applications, collaborate with your colleagues, and connect with version control tools such as git. It comes with administrative controls to help manage user access to workspaces and clusters, ensuring secure usage. On top of this, Databricks provides the spark runtime, which is highly optimized for the Databricks platform and known to be up to five times faster than the vanilla Apache Spark. Databricks also comes with a vectorized query engine called photon, which provides extremely fast query performance and up to eight times improvement on the standard Databricks runtime. Using hive, Metastore, or Unity Catalog, Databricks enables users to create and manage databases and tables. Unity catalog also supports data lineage and improved performance. Databricks comes with Delta Lake that offers robust support for Acid transactions, which ensures data reliability and integrity. Databricks recently introduced Delta Live Tables, which is a declarative ETL framework that helps create reliable data pipelines with ease. Databricks workflows is a built in feature that helps us schedule and orchestrate tasks and pipelines as required, and Databricks SQL or SQL warehouse provides the Data Analysts a SQL based analytics environment to explore data. Create dashboards. Schedule a regular refresh of the dashboards, etc.. Databricks also includes managed MLflow, which helps us manage the machine learning lifecycle. Including experimentation, deployment, model, registry, etc.. And finally, the latest edition. Databricks IQ serves as an assistant to help develop and debug code, add comments, and create dashboards. And Databricks is now available on all three major cloud platforms such as Microsoft Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud. The integration between the cloud platforms and Databricks is quite similar, except that Azure hosts Databricks as a first party service. This means that on Azure, you get unified billing for all your Azure services, including Databricks and direct support from Microsoft. Databricks leverages on the security and governance services offered by Azure, such as Microsoft Entra ID, and offers single sign on, and Databricks offers high speed connectors that seamlessly integrates with data storage services such as Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2, cosmos DB, Azure SQL, synapse, etc. it offers connectors to messaging services such as IoT Hub and Event Hub. Also, the underlying virtual machines for Databricks clusters are provided by Microsoft Azure. We can use the monitoring services provided by Azure to help track and analyze Databricks workloads. And finally, Databricks also integrates with DevOps services offered by Azure, such as Azure DevOps, to help enable continuous integration and continuous deployment. In summary, Azure Databricks is a spark based, unified data analytics platform that's optimized for the Microsoft Azure cloud. I hope you now have a good understanding about Azure Databricks and its relevance in the marketplace. In the forthcoming lessons, we'll delve deeper into each of its components and see them in action. See you then.