Welcome back. In this lesson we're going to create a Databricks service in Azure. Let's switch over to the Azure portal and get started. Here we are in the Azure portal. Come over to the top left menu and click create a Resource and search for Azure Databricks from here. And let's click create here. And again click create from here. And this wizard here will guide you through the information that's required to create the Databricks workspace. Let's pick the subscription I'm going to go with my subscription which is Azure Subscription one. Similarly please choose the one that you're looking to use for this course. And we need a resource group in which we'll keep all the resources that are required for this course. I'm going to create a new one and call that as Databricks Course RG. I like to follow some naming standards for all the resources that I'm creating. So the RG here stands for resource Group. Let's click okay. And now we need to specify the workspace name again I'm going to call that as Databricks Course. And AWS stands for workspace. Let's now pick the region in which we want our workspace to be created. In a region which is closest to you, provides low latency, and it's also cost efficient. I'm going to go with UK South because that's my closest region. Ideally you want to pick the one which is closest to you, but please bear in mind that some of the smaller regions don't support some of the advanced features of Databricks. Also, sometimes smaller regions run out of compute capacity, especially for free subscriptions, so please pick UK South if you are in doubt. Otherwise, pick the one which is closest to you. And for the pricing tier we can choose between Premium and Standard. Premium tier is more expensive, but it offers everything in standard tier plus additional functionality such as role based access control, ability to create Unity catalog Blog access. Databricks SQL, Delta Live tables, etc.. We're going to learn some of those capabilities in this course. So I would highly encourage you to create the workspace in premium tier. Also, premium tier is also more likely to be the one that's used by your company in real time projects. So let's select premium tier from here. And we can leave the managed Resource group name as empty here. And let's click networking. This section allows you to secure your Databricks workspace further. You can secure your Databricks workspace by taking it off from the public internet by selecting yes here. Your clusters will be enabled with private endpoints if you do that. Similarly, by default, Azure creates a virtual network to include the Databricks resources such as the Databricks workspace, any clusters, and the underlying virtual machines in it. But if you wanted the workspace to be created in your own private network, you can specify that by clicking yes here and specifying your virtual network, you will incur additional costs for having your own private virtual network. As we are creating this workspace for learning purposes, let's select no here so that we can keep the cost low. Similarly, let's select no for secure cluster connectivity. We don't need the secure cluster connectivity as it's for learning purposes. And selecting no here will help keep our costs low. Just to summarize, please select No for both Secure Cluster Connectivity and Private Virtual network so that we can keep the cost of doing the course as low as possible. Let's now click next to encryption. Here you can configure encryption to your data. Azure automatically encrypts your storage data, but you can enable encryption or bring your own custom keys to encrypt your data here. Again, this is only available in premium tier, and you can apply enhanced security and compliance by clicking next to Security and compliance here, and you can add tags to keep track of track of any resource usage, billing, etc. in this screen here. Let's now click Review Plus Create. As you will validate your configuration. And once it succeeds let's click create. The deployment is now in progress. It should take only about a couple of minutes. The deployment is now complete. It took about a couple of minutes to complete the deployment. Let's click on go to resource to navigate to the Databricks service. This page looks very similar to any other services you create in Azure. The main thing we want to focus here is the Databricks workspace itself. You can click on the Launch Workspace button here to navigate to the Databricks workspace. But before we do that, let's pin this service into an Azure dashboard so that we can keep all the services that are required for our course in a single Dashboard and we can find them and navigate to them when we want to. So let me click on the pin icon here and let's create a new dashboard. So I'm going to click on Create New here and give a name for the dashboard. I'm going to call this as Databricks Dashboard. And let's click on Create and Pin. The dashboard is now created. You can navigate to the dashboard via the dashboard menu from the top left menu here. And let's click dashboard here. And you can click on the drop down here. And you will see all the dashboards in your subscription. And I've got the Databricks Course dashboard. So let me select that. As you can see we've got a tile for the Databricks Workspace Service or Databricks service that we created. Similarly you can pin all your resources that you're going to create for this course. So when you come to this dashboard you will see all the resources here and you can easily navigate to them. You can also edit the dashboard. For example, if you wanted to make it slightly bigger you can simply select, for example, two by two tile. And now that's bigger. And also you can move it around in your dashboard and make the dashboard look in the way you want it to. And also you can pin your alerts, notifications, any of the features that you're seeing in your services into this dashboard. So you can see everything in one place here. And once you've edited the dashboard, you can simply click save and you can share it with the rest of the team if you wanted to. And the entire team will be able to see all the services that are relevant for a particular project. Let's now navigate to the workspace from here. So I'm going to click on the tile here. And as you can see that's taken us to this uh Databricks service here. And let's click on Launch Workspace. And that log you into the Databricks workspace via the single sign on. So now we've logged into Databricks Workspace as you can see here. And that's the end of this lesson I'll see you in the next one.