Welcome back. In this lesson, I'll give you a quick overview of the Databricks user interface. Please keep in mind that the user interface has been evolving quite rapidly, and this video has been rerecorded in May 2025. I'll continue updating the content to include any significant updates, but you might still see some minor differences over time. The Databricks workspace might seem a bit overwhelming at first, but please don't worry, I'll break it down for you in this lesson, and we'll explore each of these options in more detail in the upcoming lessons. The main navigation menu of Databricks Workspace is on the left side of the screen. As you can see here, Databricks offers multiple products to help with data warehousing, data engineering, and machine learning. And this menu is organized to reflect these product areas. At the top of the navigation bar, you will see the section dedicated to common functionalities across all of these product areas. SQL section here contains menu items specific to Databricks SQL, which allows you to build SQL based data warehouses and data analytical solutions on the Data Lakehouse platform. Data engineering section includes product specifically designed for data engineering tasks, and finally, Machine Learning section includes the products and tools tailored for machine learning workloads. You can collapse or expand these sections as needed. For example, since our focus here is data engineering. Let me collapse the SQL and the machine learning sections of the menu. So now as you can see, the menu looks a lot more simpler. And you can navigate to the data engineering tasks from the menu quite easily. Let's now start from the top and go through the key menu items that are relevant for data engineering. The new menu provides quick shortcuts for creating Databricks objects such as notebooks, clusters, jobs, etc.. While it's convenient to use, Shortcuts will primarily use the standard menu items in their own sections in this course to help you familiarize with the entire user interface. So let's move on to the workspace menu. The workspace menu is basically a container for folders, libraries, files, etc. by default, each user gets a folder in here, and also there is a shared workspace which you can use for collaborating with other users in this workspace. Right clicking on the workspace folder allows you to create or import assets like notebooks, folders, MLflow, experiments, etc. you can also download notebooks in various file formats such as Python, Scala, SQL which are for specific file formats, and also you can download them or export them in DBC file format, which is a Databricks proprietary file format, and recents menu contains any workspace assets you've recently accessed in this workspace. We don't have anything at the moment, but when we start creating assets, we'll see them here. And the catalog menu lets you interact with tables that you've already created. Also, it lets you create new tables in Databricks. Please note that this menu used to be called data rather than catalog. This is a recent change to Databricks. In future lessons you will see this icon here the same as what you're seeing with catalog. But the label will be data as I recorded them before this user interface change. So please don't be confused. The workflows menu contains jobs and pipelines as well as job runs. Databricks jobs allows you to schedule notebooks or pipelines to run periodically, and when they run, you will see them under the job run section here. And pipelines here refer to Delta live tables And Delta Live Tables is an ETL framework that uses a declarative approach for building data pipelines, with automated testing incorporated in them, and the compute menu here is used to create different types of compute, such as all purpose compute, job compute, SQL warehouses, etc. you can also create cluster policies, cluster pools, etc. in here. We'll explore this in more detail in the next few lessons of this course, and the marketplace menu helps you find products from partner solutions and integrate them in Databricks solutions. The Data Engineering section has some redundant menu items that we've already covered under workflows. For example, clicking on the job brands basically takes you to the same page as the workflows menu items that we saw earlier, and this is used to monitor your jobs. Similarly, pipelines here in this section takes you to the same location under workflows called jobs and Pipelines. The only unique menu in here is the data ingestion. This lets you create tables from data stored locally and also lets you upload files to Databricks volumes and Dbfs. It also provides integration with third party product called Fivetran for building data ingestion pipelines. However, please note that Fivetran is beyond the scope of this course, so we won't be looking at that. Let's now move over to the search bar on the top. It's a powerful tool for searching your entire workspace. You can also use the search option to filter your search to specific search items. For example, you can filter using the type of an asset which can be a notebook, job, etc. and also you can filter it down to the owner and the location as well. The drop down menu with the name of the workspace here allows you to switch between different Databricks Workspaces without going back to the Azure portal. For example, I can switch to my other workspace course from here by simply selecting that from the drop down menu here, and you can access the AI assistant from here. And finally, the top right menu here provides the options for user settings and preferences. And you can do your workspace administration and the user profile settings from here. And please feel free to go through these submenu items to understand them better. And that's the quick overview of the Databricks user interface. Don't worry if you haven't understood all of them, and it feels a bit overwhelming at first. We'll dive deeper into each of these sections in the future lessons, and you will get plenty of hands on experience. And by the end of this course, you will be comfortable navigating and using the user interface. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.