Welcome back. Now that we've set up our Databricks service, I want to walk you through the high level architecture of Databricks. As a developer, you might not need to know every detail about how it works behind the scenes, but having a basic understanding of its architecture will definitely help you understand where your data is stored and where your compute resources are located. So let's go through the architecture. The Databricks architecture is divided into two main parts the control plane and the compute plane. The control plane handles all the backend services required for the Databricks platform and includes various components. The Databricks Web user interface is where users interact with Databricks through a browser based user interface that we saw earlier. The Cluster Manager is responsible for managing and provisioning compute resources when users create clusters or interact with existing clusters. Unity Catalog provides data governance and helps manage access and permissions for your data. And finally, the control plane plan includes storage for queries and workspace data. This storage is mainly used to store various workspace related metadata such as notebooks, job run details, etc. the compute plane is where the data processing takes place. Databricks supports two main types of compute. The first one is classic compute. In this model, Databricks provisions clusters directly within the customers cloud subscription, i.e. your subscription. This means the compute resources, such as virtual machines, are deployed and managed within your cloud account. And the other one is the serverless compute. This is a recent addition to Databricks, introduced in 2020 for the serverless model runs on Databricks subscription. With Databricks allocating resources from its pool of virtual machines, which are already made available. This significantly reduces cluster startup time compared to classic compute, as the serverless model leverages Pre-allocated VMs in Databricks subscription. Also, when you create a Databricks workspace, a default workspace cloud storage service will be set up in your cloud subscription in Azure, its Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2, or ADLs. Storage. This workspace storage is used to store system data such as notebook revisions, job run details, spark logs, and much more. Additionally, it can be used to store temporary data that you want to work with, but please bear in mind that this storage is tied to the workspace and it will be deleted when the workspace itself is deleted. These are the main components in Databricks architecture, but let's now summarize the architecture a bit more by locating the resources in the subscription. They belong to. The control plane and the serverless compute both exist in Databricks subscription. The control plane handles essential tasks such as user interface and compute orchestration to the cluster manager. When a user requests a serverless cluster, it's provisioned within the Databricks subscription using Preallocated VMs, which speeds up startup time. Classic compute and workspace cloud storage are located in your subscription, i.e. customer subscription. When a user requests a classic compute cluster, Databricks provisions the cluster directly within your cloud subscription. The workspace storage is also located or created in your subscription holding system and temporary data through a the type of compute classic or serverless. You can access and process data stored in the cloud or on premises applications. I hope you now have a good understanding about the architecture of Databricks platform. But before we finish, I want to quickly get under the hood and look at the resources which are already created when we created Databricks Workspace so that we can relate them to the architecture. As you can see in this diagram, both classic compute and workspace cloud storage are located in your subscription. We haven't yet created a cluster so that won't be available yet, but we can still see the cloud storage. So let's navigate to the Azure portal and I'll show you that here we are in the Azure portal. We want to navigate to the Databricks service that we created earlier. I can see my Databricks service under resources here. So I can simply click on that and navigate to the Databricks service. If you don't see it, you can simply go to the search bar here and then search for the name of the Databricks service. In my case, it's Databricks Course. W.S. and I can simply click on the resource name here to navigate to the Databricks service. As you may remember that we created this resource, which is the Databricks service, under the resource Group Databricks Course RG. That's the only resource group that we created. But what happens is when you create a Databricks service, Databricks also creates another resource group called Managed Resource Group. So the managed resource group contains some of the resources that Databricks creates in order to support the Databricks service. But all those resources still live in the customer subscription or in this case, our subscription. So please don't confuse this with the control plane which lives in the Databricks subscription. Everything in this resource group also lives in our subscription, except that Databricks manages those resources. So within this resource group, we got a few resources. And one of them is the workspace storage account that we were talking about in the architecture diagram. And apart from that storage account, it also creates other resources that that are required for the Databricks service. One of them, for example, is the Azure managed identity. And also if your workspace is enabled with Unity Catalog, you will see a Unity Catalog Access connector as well. But if you don't see it, please don't worry about it. Some other workspaces that are not enabled with Unity catalog won't have the Unity Catalog Access Connector. Any subscription that was created in the last year would automatically have the Databricks Workspaces enabled with Unity catalog, but if you had created your subscription. Prior to that, you won't see the Unity Catalog Access connector. We'll look at this in detail later, so please don't worry about this for now. And also it creates a network security group and a virtual network to put all our resources behind. So the key point here is that managed resource group is where the storage account lives. And also this is where all your virtual machines required for the clusters will be created. So when you use a classic compute cluster, this is where all your virtual machines will be created as well. And they all exist within the customer subscription which is your subscription. In my case, it's the Azure subscription one. As you can see here on the top. On the other hand, when you create a serverless compute, the virtual machines and the resources required will be created within the Databricks subscription. So that's the only difference. And I hope you now have a good understanding about Databricks architecture and where the resources live. And that's the end of this lesson. I'll see you in the next one.