So congratulations on making it this far in this course. This is amazing. Let's just do a state of learning checkpoint to see how far we've gone on our learning journey. And for this, we're going to have a look at the webpage of our certification to see the exam guide, and so on. So here I am on this certification page. And here, we have the option to schedule an exam or to explore the exam prep. But we have a look at the Certified Developer - Associate exam and it gives you some information about who should take this exam. So hopefully you feel concerned about this, but if you made it this far, it's mostly because you actually do want that certification. So the exam overview is gonna be 65 questions, either multiple choice or multiple response. Here's the cost. Sometimes you have some offers, for example, here you have a a free exam retake if you need it. So have a look for these kind of offers on this page. But most importantly what you need to look at is the exam guide and the sample questions. So the sample questions, you can practice on your own. It gives you sample questions. And at the very bottom, you also have a look at the answers and why they are or they're not correct. So it's a good time to check your knowledge. And you also have more practice questions if you need to directly on AWS. So here the official practice question set is free, and just click on here and you go to another website, and you'll be good to go. But the thing that's important for you to have a look at is the exam guide. So the exam guide is telling you what is the intention of the exam and who you are. So the exam will validate your ability to demonstrate proficiency in developing, testing, and deploying, and debugging applications on AWS. So you should have one or more years of hands-on experience. But if you have done the hands-on in this course and you follow along, you should be good to go. It's definitely good for you to have some general IT knowledge, although I've explained everything you need to know in this course, don't worry. And for the recommended AWS knowledge, you can check your knowledge against here. But of course, this course really taught you how to do things, okay? It's nice because it tells you what is out-of-scope, so what you shouldn't know. But here is some details. Now the exam content is more important. So you have multiple choice questions. So that means you have one correct response and three incorrect responses, they're called distractors, or multiple response where you have two or more correct responses out of five or more response options. But then it will tell you how many are correct. So choose three or choose two, and so on. And if you answer to your question and you're wrong, it doesn't make you lose points. So please answer every single questions, even if you don't know you can guess and maybe you'll be lucky. So there are 50 questions that affect your score, but you don't know which ones they are. And 15 unscored questions which do not affect your score. And they're mostly questions that AWS is testing to know whether or not they want to include them into future revisions of the exam. But you don't know which ones are graded and which ones are not. So the exam result is between a scale from 100 to 1,000 and the passing score is 720. You don't know exactly how you're being scored, just know if you pass or fail for some categories to give you hints into your areas of proficiencies. Now for the content outline, so you have four domains. You have domain one, two, and three around development with AWS services, that's 32%. Security, 26%, deployment, 24%, and then troubleshooting and optimization, 18%. So here, you get some very deep details around what you should have for each domain. So development with AWS services, the set of tasks you should know, and the skills you should have, and so on. Now again, this course does go over everything you need for the exam. I gather feedback constantly. And if there is one question maybe that is not in the course, you should be able to guess what is the right answer. And if you cannot, just please let me know. And then I will, of course, update the course to include this knowledge. But you should have covered everything. So have a look through this guide because it tells you some task statement and knowledge of what you need to do and skills in. But this is definitely broader than what you should know, okay? What I feel is important has been taught in the course. So don't worry about it. And then if you scroll down, all the way down, you're going to get some information around the types of technology and concept that might appear on the exam. It tells you the in-scope services, that means the services that can appear at the exam and they have been covered in details in the course. Not too low for some, but enough for the exam perspective. And if you see something that is here but is not in the course, it's intended, it's because we haven't seen it at the exam yet. You also get out-of-scope AWS services and features, which are here to tell you which topics are not at the exam, okay? So this is helpful, have a read through, but definitely don't stress it. I think your readiness will be mostly based on the sample questions, the practice exam, the practice exam in this course, and in my other courses for more practice exam questions. But at least we saw that what is the exam guide, the fact that the course does cover most of the exam guides, and so on. So that's it. I will give you tips in the next lecture. But thank you so much for watching this one. I will see you in the next lecture.