WEBVTT So, here are my tips and my two cents to pass the exam, so it's just general advice. Probably some of this is obvious, some of it you just need to hear once. To me, the number one tip is practice makes perfect. So, if you're new to AWS, it will take a lot of practice to understand how to work with AWS on a daily basis. If you're new to AWS, this course probably gives you massive head start into using AWS. If you feel confident, then do the exam, if not, don't rush, you have time. Just work on AWS, be confident. Use IAM rolls, deploy applications, and then when you're ready, you can take the exam. The exam recommends you will each have one or more years of hands-on experience. So, there are things you can't fake, so up to you to see if you're ready or not to pass the exam. So, what I say is practice makes perfect! And, a feeling you might have right now is overwhelmed by the amount of knowledge I just threw at you, that you just learned. So, it takes time to have knowledge, this is not the kind of course you'd do in three days. This is the kind of course that goes over weeks. And, so if you have a lot of acquired knowledge, but you don't think it's perfect yet in your mind, then start practicing and do the course one more time. It's a few hours, obviously, but it will really help you not to waste the exam cost afterwards. So, really just practice. That's my advice. So, if you want to practice, you may be like, how do I do this? Well, if you're in a company, then good, just work with your company. If not, then take one of your existing applications in whatever language you want. Try to deploy it manually in EC2. That's be a good first step. Then, try to deploy it on Elastic Beanstalk and have it scale with a little downserver and a scaling group. Maybe create a CICD pipeline for it. So you go all the way from your code to your artifacts to the deployments. Maybe you can try breaking down your application to several components and use SQS and SNS to decouple your whole application. If possible, if you use java, go python, node, these kind of languages, then you can run it with AWS Lambda and its friends. So, it's friends of DynamoDB, API gateway. So that, maybe involve a bit of refactoring, but it could be fun. And, if you want to practice with the CLI and the SDK, I would strongly recommend to have ideas like this. So, for example, create a script or create CLI or SDK script that will shut down your EC2 instances at night and start them in the morning. That's actually a fun project to do on your own. Or, you can have one that automates snapshots of your EBS volumes at night, so you know they're always backed up once a day. And, maybe an idea three is to list under-utilized EC2 instances in one region. And maybe under-utilize them in CPU Utilization under 10 percent, so that you don't waste money on under-utilized EC2 instances for example. Again, just a bunch of ideas, you may have your own ideas, based on your used cases, or what you do in your daily basis. But, what I want to do is just give you leads onto practicing. Now, for the exam, you're going to have questions and you're going to have multiple answers, sometimes one answer, sometimes more than one answer. Most of these questions are going to be scenario based. And, for all the questions, I would suggest to start by ruling out answers that you know for sure are wrong. So, it's a really good way to start, to getting started, because if you know something is wrong, then you eliminate it, and that's one less question you have to think, answer you have to think about. So, for the remaining answers, you need to really think about which one makes the most sense. And, honestly, I'll be very honest with you, there are very few trick questions, so don't overthink your whole process. If one answer makes a lot of sense, then go for it. If one answer seems feasible, but is very complicated, and requires a lot of engineering, it's probably wrong. Sometimes there are two answers that are correct, but one really is easier than the other, or makes more sense, so really use your sound judgment. Try to think about how much effort it would be for you to implement whatever the question asks you to do, and make a decision based on that. But usually, proceeding by elimination and then using your judgment and your knowledge really makes you go through most of the questions. Remember, there are very, very few trick questions. And, the questions will have key words that will indicate usually something that will be determining in the answer. If for example, serverless probably means AWS, Lambda, and DynamoDB, and API Gateway. That type of stuff. Now, the AWS Whitepapers, they recommend you to read them. To be honest, it is 10 whitepapers of 40 pages, you may not want to read them all, but you should skim them. So, there's lot of white papers, you know, it's Security Best Practices, so using IAM rolls, that kind of stuff, encryption, we've seen this. Then the Well-Architected Framework. So, around how you architecture applications, segregation of duties using RDS, ElastiCache, et cetera. Architecting for the Cloud, which is kind of the same thing. The CICD paper is going to be around CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, CodePipeline, CodeCommit. We've seen this in large. Microservices on the AWS is going to be around AWS Lambda, and also ECS, and also all these things to decouple your microservices and have them innovate with one another. Serverless Architecture with AWS Lambda, I think we've seen a lot of it, and we we've also seen the SAM framework, which will be discussed in there. Optimizing Enterprise Economics with Serverless Architectures basically explains you that if you go Serverless, then you don't have to pay people to manage and do maintenance of your stuff, and so you save a lot of money. And on top of it, Serverless means that you only pay for what you use, so you should be optimal in pricing. Now, Containerized Microservices on AWS. This is an advanced topic, but this is around ECS. Basically it's saying okay, use docker in ECS to deploy microservice on AWS. Remember the exam only is asking you about a high level of of ECS not a deep dive. Blue/Green Deployments, I've tried to place that everywhere alongside the course, there's going to be blue/green deployments on Beanstalk, maybe there's a bit of blue/green deployments on Lambda or API Gateway. All this stuff we've seen, blue/green is basically testing the new version, the green version, while the blue version is still running. And then when we're ready, switching over from the blue version to the green version. Overall, I feel that we've explained the, explored the most important concepts in this course, but if you feel strongly about one of these papers, and you want to read about it, then go for it. I think they're very interesting, each of these papers. The one paper you might want to have a peak into is the Blue/Green Deployments on AWS, just you have a quick look, but don't overthink it. The most of the questions, and probably all the questions are going to be covered by this course already. Now each service will have an FAQ, so frequently asked questions. So, for example for Lambda its /lambda/faqs. And I think they're very important because FAQ covers a lot of the questions they will ask you at the exam, and they may help you confirm your understanding of a service, or maybe shed some light on a doubt you may have. So, definitely look at the Service FAQs, especially the one you don't really understand. Now, lastly, is really around community, so you need to get into the AWS community, you need to talk to other Amazon engineers. You know, talking to people really unlocks knowledge, at least for me it does. So, discuss with other people in the course Q&amp;A. Definitely help other people answering their questions. And by answering their questions, this is how you learn, you learn by teaching. And you review questions, asked by other people. Definitely look at what other people's concerns were. Maybe they will help you. Maybe the answers will, again, teach you a few stuff. And, do the practice test in this section, just to see where you are at. You should read forums online. If you are very curious, read online blogs and also there are local meetups to discuss with other Amazon Engineers. Finally, if you are more of a YouTube person, there are a lot of re-invent videos that are quite nice. The re-invent is an AWS Conference, and they have a lot of good content out there. Basically a presentation of their service, and sometimes a little demo. So, that's it, really for the tips of what you need to do. I believe you're ready, but it's up to you to see how much more practice you want to have. But, yeah hopefully these tips help and I will see you in the next lecture.