So let's practice using the configurations to see if we can influence the creativity of a model. So let's take, for example, we take Anthropic and we take a Claude 3 Sonnet, Apply, and we're going to say, "Please write a story about a robot learning how to cook." And we'll say it's a short story, okay. So we will maintain the maximum length to 600, something like this. This way, it's not too long. And let's look at the randomness and diversity. So we know that a low temperature, a low top P, and a low top K will really make a response a bit more conservative. So let's run this and see how it works. So here is the story. So there's a kitchen, there was a flurry of activity and there's a chef. And here is the story. And it looks interesting, and you know, if we read the story, probably it's very boring, you know? And if we are now trying to increase the temperature, we're gonna get more creative output. If we increase top P, we're going to get more words that were maybe not cutting it in the first place. So we'll put it at maximum almost. And then top K, we're getting more ways to choose from as well. So we'll give it a maximum of 500. So now we are going to ask the playground, the model to create a much more creative output. So let's do it again. "Please write a short story about a robot learning how to cook." And now we are getting something very, very creative. So there's like optical sensors, and there's like an instructor, they're doing crepes, and the robot is now eating and so on. So this is a much more creative output. If you want to compare these two, I'm going to include those into the code directory. So you can see a low-temperature prompt and high-temperature prompt. But remember what all of these means. So this is controlling the creativity of the model overall, top P is controlling the percentile of words considered based on their probabilities, and top K is how many words you want to be considered for choosing the next word. So hopefully, this makes sense. Hopefully, you saw how these kind of configurations work and how to influence the model outputs. So I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.