So we've seen Amazon S3 as a standalone service, but it is possible for you to use it in a hybrid cloud type of setting. So AWS wants you to bridge between your on-premises environment to AWS and that's called a hybrid cloud. So part of your infrastructure is going to be on-premises and the rest is going to be on the cloud. Why? Well, maybe because sometimes you have created, for example, your on-premises infrastructure first and you're doing a migration but it could be long so you can do a long cloud migration or for security requirements or compliance requirements, maybe it's your strategy to have part of it on the cloud and part of it on-premises. You have really different use cases for trying to have two different ways of doing IT. Some of it on-premises and some of it on the cloud. And Amazon S3, it's a proprietary storage technology, so this is not something like the EFS service or NFS protocol we saw from before that we can use directly on two servers on-premises. For exposing S3 data on-premises, you have to use something called a Storage Gateway. So if you wanted to summarize the storage options on AWS, the block storage would be EBS or an EC2 instance store. The file storage would be a network file system so Amazon EFS, and object storage would be Amazon S3 or Glacier. And where does the Storage Gateway fit in all this? Well, the Storage Gateway is going to be bridging your on-premises data and cloud data in AWS. So your hybrid storage will allow your on-premises systems to seamlessly use the cloud to extend the storage capability. So this can be used for disaster recovery, backup and restore or tiered storage. There are different types of Storage Gateway. There is a File Gateway, there is a Volume Gateway and a Tape Gateway. Now you don't need to know all these types going into the exam, okay? What you need to know is that the Storage Gateway allows you to bridge whatever happens on-premises directly into the AWS Cloud. So under the scene, the Storage Gateway will be using Amazon EBS, Amazon S3, and Glacier behind the scenes, okay? So from a certified cloud petitioner perspective, the Storage Gateway is a way for you to bridge your file systems and your storage on-premises into the cloud to leverage best of both worlds, okay? For if you were to do the AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate course, you would need to understand Storage Gateway a little bit better, but I will save you this right now for the Certified Cloud Practitioner. Okay, that's it. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.