So now let's talk about Lifecycle Hooks in autoscaling groups. So by default, when you launch an instance it's in service right away in your autoscaling group but you can use Lifecycle Hooks to actually make sure you perform some work before you actually go in service. So when there is a scale out event you go into a pending state and then you go into the end service states but you can actually run a Lifecycle Hook so that you stay in pending until you complete some task. For example, you may want to leave some time for your instance to run some scripts. So you're going to go into the Lifecycle hook named Easy two Instance launching. You go into the pending wait states and then when you're done with these scripts you notify back the autoscaling group that you're done. The instance goes into the pending proceed state and then the instance is in service. So the idea here is that by using Hook we allow the instance to do whatever it wants and then proceed to in-service. You can also perform some actions when the instance is terminated. So instead of terminating the instance right away you may want to, for example pause the logs or pause the instances for troubleshooting. So upon initiating a termination the instance goes into the terminating states and then you can run a lifecycle hook for the EC2 instance terminating. So it will go into terminating weight you can do whatever you want, and then when you're done you notify the ASG that it can proceed with a termination upon which the instance will be terminated. So a use case for the termination lifecycle hook is to do cleanup or log extraction, or for example, the instance launching. You can do special health checks to make sure that the instance is ready to go in service. So to get access to these Lifecycle Hooks you can use EventBridge, SNS and SQS but EventBridge is definitely the most used. So the way it works is that any lifecycle event will trigger an event in EventBridge, and from there, for example you can invoke Lambda function, whatever automation you want so that you can deal with these lifecycle hooks. So let's take an example. The instance goes into terminating weight states so it's being terminated but we want to be able to collect the logs. So this event will happen to be in EventBridge. We can from there, invoke a systems manager run command which is going to collect the logs and for example send them to Amazon is free for analysis or send them to CloudWatch logs. And so that's it. You know what Lifecycle hooks are now. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.