So now let's talk about warm pools. And here is the problem, when you have an auto-scaling group and it scales out, that means that when you add instances into your auto-scaling group you want to launch instances as fast as possible. But sometimes your instances they're doing some initialization, they're doing some bootstrapping, and that can take several minutes before your instances are actually available to serve traffic. So you could be also getting some data, filling in some internal states for such as a cache you run configuration scripts, etc. etc. So historically, the solution was to over-provision compute resources in order to absorb the unexpected demand. But then this is going to lead to an increased cost because you're over-provisioned or you try to fit as much as possible into a golden image to try to reduce your boot time. But none of these are perfect, and actually you want to use the auto scanning group warm pools. So what are these warm pools? Well, the idea is that we have a pool of pre-initialized instances, and by having this we are going to reduce the scale-out latency. So let me explain. Say we have a auto-scaling group with a desired capacity of 3 and a max capacity of 6. Then the warm pool is going to be of size 3. Three is by default the difference between the max capacity and the desired capacity. So 6 minus 3 equals 3. That's basically the maximum number of instances that can be put from the pool into the auto-scaling group until we reach the max capacity. And so these instances in the warm pool they have been pre-initialized. So all the setup you need has been done and then there go into a state. We'll see the state is either started, stopped, or hibernated. But the idea is that whenever you have a scale-out event then the new instance is going to be going from the pool into your auto-scaling group. So the idea is that by doing this, the instance that comes into the auto-scaling group has done some pre-initialization work. Now, let's go into the warm pool size setting. So we have the minimum warm pool size. This is the number of instances you always want in the warm pool no matter what. Then the max prepared capacity, either it is equal to the max capacity of the auto-scaling group. That means that to see how many instances you have in your warm pool, you do the difference of the actual desired capacity of the ASG and the max capacity. Or if you have, say for example, a max capacity of 1,500 instances and a desired capacity of 1000 you may not want to have one 500 instances in your warm pool. So you may want to specify just a set number of instances for example 100, so that it remains manageable, but at small sizes the default is fine. Now, more importantly, the warm pool instance state. So we'll talk about this in a second, but it can be either in the running state, stopped, or hibernated. And the idea is that you may want to leverage the stopped or hibernated state. This is where you get the best cost savings and that's where it makes the most sense. So the idea is that you initialize your instance and then when it's initialized, you either put it in the stopped or the hibernated states and then all of a sudden when you scale-out it will be started and put into the main auto-scaling group. On top of it, any instance in the warm pool does not contribute to your ASG metrics until it is put into the ASG. So this doesn't affect scaling policies. So let's understand why it's also very cost effective to have warm pools. So as mentioned we have definitely have latency improvements because now the instances have been warmed and they're ready to serve traffic and then we put them into the ASG. Let's take a look at the pricing for one m5 large instance. So if we decide to over-provision our ASG, then we're going to pay for the running cost of that instance. For example, $70 plus the EBS charges for the disk attached to your instance. But if we decide to use a warm pool and so the warm pool makes the EC2 instance goes into the stopped states then we're only going to pay for the EBS volume. So the EBS volume, for example, for 10 gigabytes EBS volume will cost us $1 for a month. So that means that for each EC2 instance in the warm pool, you're going to pay about $1 a month which is very, very little compared to the cost of actually running an instance. So here for not that much money we have the ability to keep a very large warm pool of EC2 instances in order to very quickly have these instances serve traffic. So how do you choose between running stopped and hibernated? Well, I made this little diagram right here and hopefully that helps you. So the idea is that if you're in the running states you're going to get your instances immediately available to accept traffic and no start delay because your instances are already running. But I don't think this is very efficient because while the instances are running in your warm pool and therefore they will incur cost even when they're not serving traffic. So definitely not my first choice. Next we have stopped. So the scale-out delay is slower because the instance needs to be started before traffic can be served. So that add some delay and the start delay is slower because well, you have already initialized the instance but you still need to, for example, start your application again. Now in terms of cost, you don't have any running cost. You're only going to pay for the attached resources such as your EBS volumes or elastic IPs but I don't think you're going to use elastic IPs with the ASG warm pools. And so that makes it way more cost effective as you saw from my previous analysis. And the one I really liked right now is hibernated. Well, hibernated makes the EC2 memory states be put on disk before the instance is quote unquote "stopped." So the idea is that when you have a scale-out the instance is pre-initialized so it's going to be quite fast actually. Then the startup is going to be faster as well because the application is already started in memory so it's going to be quite fast. And then for the cost, well, you don't have any more cost than for a stopped instance because you only pay for the EBS volume attached to your EC2 instance. But because you're using hibernation the entire memory state is written to the disc and so you may need to have a slightly larger EBS volume to fit that memory state. But that's why I love hibernation is because everything is pre-initialized in memory. And so to me, you're getting the best of both worlds between stopped and running. Now let's talk about the instance reuse policy. So by default, your ASG, when it terminates an instance it will terminate it from the ASG and then there will be a new instance launched into the warm pool. But you can set up an instance reuse policy to instead return the instance back into the warm pool. So the idea is that upon quote unquote "termination," a scale-in event actually the instance is not terminated it is moved back into your warm pool, and then your warm pool can do whatever it wants with the instance. So you may want to use this or you may want to use the default mechanism which is that the instance actually gets terminated. So when you're using warm pools in order for everything to work correctly you must use lifecycle hooks. So let me explain why. So when an instance gets started into a warm pool it will go into the state named warm pending and then you will have access to the lifecycle hook named warmed pending wait. And the idea is that the instance will stay in that state until you have confirmed that the initialization of the instance has completed. So this is why it's very important to use lifecycle hooks. So that's when the ASG knows, okay, this warm instance is ready. When it's ready, it's going to go into the warmed pending proceed state, and then it will go into whatever state you've chosen for your warm pool. So it could be warmed stop, warmed running, or warmed hibernated. And so we've completed the initialization of our instance in our warm pool. Now, whenever we have a scale-out event, the instance from the warm pool is going to be put into our ASG. So we go into the pending state, then pending wait state, this is exactly the same as a normal lifecycle hook. Here we can do whatever we want, for example more initializations, then we go into pending proceeds and then the instance is in service. So very similarly, if we terminate the instance and we don't have an instance reuse policy, then the lifecycle hooks are exactly the same as a normal ASG. So terminating, then terminating wait, then terminating proceed, and finally terminated. But in case we are using a instance reuse policy then the instance is put back into the pool and it goes again into the warmed pending state, warm pending wait, warm pending proceed, and then finally warm stopped or running or hibernated. So to summarize, in case of a scale-out event what's going to happen is that first the instance will have a warmed pending wait state in which we can do a lifecycle action to be completed before the instance actually gets into the stopped state or whatever state you've chosen for your warm pool. And then when there's a scale-out event then it will go into the pending wait state because the instance is starting. You can do again a life cycle action before the instance is put in service and then the instance will be put in service and available to serve traffic. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.