So now let's talk about the different ways you can achieve blue-green on AWS. So let's take an example of an ALB, and you have a listener, and two target groups. So you have the blue target group, currently receiving requests, and you can actually add a green target group to the same listener and actually spread out the request between the blue and the green target group. So you can switch all the traffic at once, if you wanted to by switching target groups, swapping them, or if you wanted to assign weights to the target group, you could as well, for example put 90% on your blue, 10% on your green and then if the green target group behaves properly, slowly or all at once, switch all traffic. The advantage of using this technique is that the ALB is responsible for redirecting request and so you can switch all the traffic at once from the target group blue to the one that is green. If you decide to use a different architecture, where you have one ALB per target group, then you must be able to switch from one ALB to the next ALB. And for this, we need to use a DNS. And so Route 53 is helpful and you can switch using the DNS from one ALB to the next ALB. But this is something that happens over time because your clients actually cache the result of your DNS query. And so the DNS switch is not as immediate. You don't have as much control over it. You cannot do all at once at any point of time. You have to slowly and gradually wait for your clients to refresh their DNS record to use the new ALB. So it's a little bit slower, but that works. If we are using API gateway, there are different strategies as well. So we have a production stage connected to a v1 Lambda function. And so currently all the client request into your API gateway go through that stage. But we can deploy a canary stage, a green stage which is going to be connected, for example to the v2 version of your Lambda function. And then what's going to happen is that the clients internally will be redirected to the canary stage to send a little bit of traffic to it. And if we're happy with the canary stage, then we can promote it as well. So the benefit of this is that we are in full control of the network traffic and we can switch all traffic at once from prod to the canary whenever we want to. The alternative is to use a Lambda alias. So in that case, we only have one stage in the API gateway and it's not changing, but instead the Lambda alias is pointing to the v1 version of your Lambda function. But we can deploy a v2 and control how fast and how much we switch traffic from v1 to v2 on the alias. No changes required to your API gateway and no changes required to your clients. Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.