So now let's talk about how we can achieve multi-region in AWS and first with Route 53. So by using Health Checks, we can get automated DNS failovers. Let me explain how. So let's say we have an architecture deployed across multiple regions, and we are using Amazon Route 53 to redirect to the specific regions. So we can use a latency record, or GR proximity record or whatever you want, as long as it's compatible to using Health Checks. Now these health checks can be of different kind. We have a health check that helps monitor an endpoint, for example, an application server, and if you do this, then it's very helpful to create a slash health route on your HTP application so that we can test whether or not the status code returned by that application is, for example, 200. You also have health checks that monitor other health checks. They can be calculated health checks, so you can be very complex about what you wanna do, or you have a health checks that can monitor CloudWatch alarms, and these alarms you have full control over them. So for example, you can monitor the throttles of a DynamoDB table, or a custom metric, and make sure that it triggers an alarm, and this alarm will then make the health check be not passing. So the health checks then themselves can be monitored using CloudWatch metrics. So whenever they're passing, you would know and whether they're not passing, you would know as well. Now let's talk about different ways to do multi-region. So here is an example. We have two regions, same architecture as before. So Route 53 can be used to do latency-based to redirect to the region that is going to be the closest to the user, and then if we are using the same latency requirements but this time with API gateway, so no changes in terms of how this architecture works. But for the data layer, now we can use something like DynamoDB and we can set up a global table so that the table is replicated across multiple regions, and so therefore each alb Lambda function in each region will have low-latency data access into DynamoDB, which can be good to even improve further the latency of your application. On top of it, using Route 53 you can do some very complex routing. So let's assume again we have the application in two different availability zones. We can set up a us.example.com record, which is going to be a failover routing to have the primary being one region and the secondary being another region. Similarly, we can create the eu.example.com to have the primary being the EU region and then the secondary being the US region, and then finally, example.com can be having aliases as latency records to us.example.com, and eu.example.com. This allowing us to access our domain names in very different ways, and still be resilient to failures with the best latency. So that's it. I hope this helps for multi-region architectures. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.