So let's dive into Amazon OpenSearch service, which was formerly known as Amazon's Elasticsearch service. We'll get into the history there shortly, but it's a pretty exciting technology for doing large scale analysis and reporting at petabyte scale. And what's interesting is that even though OpenSearch, formerly Elasticsearch, started off as a search engine, that's fundamentally what it was made for originally. It's not just for search anymore, really. It's primarily for analysis and reporting these days. And for some applications, they can actually analyze massive data sets like that a lot faster than something like Apache Spark could. So for the right sorts of queries, OpenSearch can be a really good choice for getting answers back really quickly across a massive data set that could span petabytes across an entire cluster. So let's dive into what it's all about. So what is OpenSearch? Well, let's get into the drama here. So OpenSearch is a fork of Elasticsearch and Kibana. So there's a little bit of drama here. Basically there was a licensing dispute between Elastic and Amazon. So originally Amazon was offering the Amazon Elasticsearch service, which was just the Elasticsearch product on their servers. Basically, elastic didn't really like them eating into their revenue this way, so they changed the license on Elasticsearch, which forced Amazon to make their own branch that they're maintaining themselves and calling OpenSearch. This all happened in September of 2021, so within the tail end of 2021, you'll probably continue to see this referred to as the Amazon Elasticsearch service on the exam and elsewhere. Now they're calling Elasticsearch OpenSearch now. And Kibana was actually the visualization tool that was part of what we call the Elastic Stack. So Elasticsearch was part of a larger ecosystem from elastic that included Elasticsearch, a visualization tool called Kibana, and also some data ingestion tools called beats. But for OpenSearch, it's just a fork of Elasticsearch and Kibana. They're calling this OpenSearch and dashboards now, but the main takeaway is that OpenSearch is fundamentally a search engine. So you can send it JSON style requests and say go index this document and another JSON request to say go search for documents that contain these keywords or these attributes. Or you can do things like fuzzy matching and things like that as well. So at its heart, OpenSearch itself is a really a very good and scalable and very fast search engine. It's actually built on top of an open source solution called Lucene. So we have kind of these layers where Elasticsearch was built on top of leucine, and then OpenSearch was branched from Elasticsearch. It's it's really convoluted, but that's how we got here. But fundamentally, OpenSearch is a scalable version of leucine and is distributed horizontally across many nodes in a cluster. However, it's been expanded over the years to include more and more tools and become more of an analysis and a visualization tool. So another piece of OpenSearch package is called dashboards, which is a branch of what they called Kibana in Elasticsearch. Confused yet? Right? Basically, it's a visualization tool for querying and analyzing and visualizing data that's stored in OpenSearch. So you don't have to limit yourself to storing document information in OpenSearch. I mean, you could use it to build a search engine for Wikipedia or something like that, but you can also use it to store semi-structured data, like data coming in from server logs or something like that. And if you're doing that, you could use dashboards to visualize that kind of data and make your own little Google Analytics dashboard, if you will, from scratch. It also serves as a data pipeline, so they realize there's a need to actually feed data at scale into Elasticsearch or OpenSearch now. And kind of like you can use technologies like Kinesis and Kafka to do that. In other systems within OpenSearch, you would probably be using Kinesis to handle the ingestion of data from your servers into OpenSearch. Now, in the Elasticsearch world, they had technologies called Beats and Logstash that would do this for you as well. Certainly on the exam you can expect them to talk about Kinesis integration with OpenSearch as opposed to Beats and Logstash integration, because they're trying to get away from that whole world. But that's what OpenSearch is all about. Basically, it's Lucene scaled out infinitely as you add more servers to your cluster. So I promised you a closer look at dashboards. Formerly Kibana. So here's an example of a dashboard, just to give you sort of a gut level feel of what it's capable of. And as we said, you can easily import log data using Kinesis into a OpenSearch cluster and then use a dashboard to visualize that data. You can also use dashboards as sort of a nice to use front end or UI for actually querying that data interactively, and trying out specific requests on your data set without having to type in command lines for using curl from a terminal or something like that. So this is what a dashboard looks like. Again, just think of it as sort of a Google Analytics dashboard for your data stored in OpenSearch. And it's a very scalable solution for that. So there are some companies that are either uncomfortable with exposing all of their data to Google, or their data is too large for Google Analytics to handle. So for them, dashboards and OpenSearch is actually a really good alternative to look into. So what is OpenSearch used for? Well, like I said, it's not just for search anymore, although that is still a really great application of it. If you do need to build a search engine for a website or something. Elasticsearch is a great tool for that, and it's also very scalable. So it's totally feasible to build something like search on Wikipedia using Elasticsearch or OpenSearch rather. I'm still still saying both of those words. They're the same thing right now, but it's also for other things too, like Log Analytics we talked about. It's very well suited for that. Also application monitoring based on incoming log data. It's a very quick and easy way to visualize what's happening in real time as your data comes in from monitoring your servers. Security analytics is also an application and clickstream analytics. Really, this all falls under the umbrella of analyzing log data, though that's really kind of the niche that OpenSearch has started to fill. So to go into some specific examples though, for full text search, Mirror Web uses Amazon, Elasticsearch or OpenSearch service. Now to make the UK government and UK Parliament's web archive searchable and using the Amazon OpenSearch service. Mirror web indexes 1.4 billion documents billion with a B for just $337, an index to 146 million documents per hour, which was 14 times faster than the previous technology they were using. So, as you can probably tell, I'm talking about case studies at AWS gives you that. I'm talking about here, where they talk about how awesome they are, but it actually is impressive how performant and cheap this can be. So for Log Analytics, Adobe uses Amazon OpenSearch service as well. And they're visualizing large amounts of log data for its developer platform. And at peak they're receiving over 200,000 API calls per second. I mean that's pretty mind boggling traffic right there even for me. But using Amazon OpenSearch, Adobe can easily see traffic patterns and error rates and quickly identify and troubleshoot any potential issues, all with reduced operational overhead because Amazon's doing the server maintenance for them. For application monitoring in real time, Expedia is an example of a customer of Amazon. For that they're using Amazon OpenSearch service for application monitoring and root cause analysis and price optimization. And Amazon OpenSearch is enabling Expedia to monitor huge volumes of Docker logs cost effectively, and identify and troubleshoot issues in real time and scale easily to accommodate additional log sources and offload the operational overhead as well, because again, it is a managed solution in the realm of security analytics. Amazon OpenSearch allows you to centralize and analyze events from across your entire organization in real time. You can index and analyze your data as soon as it's received from multiple sources instantly, and find and prevent threats faster. And finally, for clickstream analytics, the example they give is Hearst Corporation. They build a clickstream analytics platform using Amazon OpenSearch service and Amazon Kinesis Streams and Amazon Kinesis Firehose. We'll talk about how those all fit together shortly, but it's built to transmit and process 30TB of data a day from 300 plus Hearst websites worldwide. That's a lot of information. And with this platform, Hearst is able to make the entire data stream from website clicks to aggregated data available to editors within minutes. So its massive scale near real time. And it's cheap. Awesome stuff right? Let's talk about open Search's main concepts here. So basically there are three different kinds of entities you need to think about in the context of OpenSearch. One is a document. So basically OpenSearch is a document storage and retrieval engine. Documents are the things you're looking for. And it's not just limited to text. You can put structured JSON data in there as well. Now every document is going to have some unique document ID that you can search for by and currently, but not for much longer. Also a type associated with it as well. Types are what would define the schema and mapping shared by documents that represent the same sort of a thing, like a log entry type or an encyclopedia articles type. Basically, it defines the schema you expect to see associated with that type of document. However, types are going away and we're moving to just one type per index right now. And in later Elasticsearch releases, and presumably later OpenSearch releases, they're going to be eliminated entirely. In fact, already on the new UI for OpenSearch, you'll see that the type field is grayed out because they don't even want you thinking about types anymore. So today we talk more about indices than types. An index would power search into all documents within a collection of types. An index also contains an inverted index that lets you search across everything within that index all at once. So in OpenSearch we have one type per index. So the structure that's expected is that for any given type of document, you're going to have a specific separate index for that type. And ultimately the entire concept of types is going away. And you can just put whatever data you want into your JSON data. So again types are going to be a thing of the past soon. So you really just want to think about documents and indexes. But if you see something on the exam about Elasticsearch six still a type still might be a thing in that context, but I'm sure they'll be updating the exam soon if they haven't already, to not talk about types. How does it all work? Well, in index, which again is a collection of documents that are related to something is split into shards. So this is pretty much straightforward horizontal scaling stuff, right. Basically every document is hashed to a particular shard, and every shard might live in a different node within a cluster somewhere. And what's interesting is that every shard in OpenSearch is actually a self-contained Lucene index of its own. So every shard is kind of its own little mini search engine. It's kind of cool. Now, redundancy works in much the way you would expect. So in this example, we have two primary shards and two replica shards for each primary. And the way it works is that right requests would be routed to your primary shard and then replicated to however many replicas you specify. Read requests, however, can come from either the primary or replica shards, so it's up to your application actually to round robin that and try to distribute the load of those read requests so that you're not putting all of that load on the primary shard for reading. You can make use of those replica nodes for expanding your read throughput as well.