One way Amazon has extended Elasticsearch is by adding different storage types for cold, warm, and hot storage. Let's talk about that a little bit because you might be asked about it. So your standard data nodes use what's called hot storage by default. And this is storage on your data nodes. That's right there on the node either through an instance store or through an EBS elastic block store volume. This will give you the fastest performance. It's just like normal storage on an EC2 instance. So it's the default what you would expect to get, but it's also the most expensive. So as an alternative, they've offered something new called ultra warm storage and ultra warm storage, which they also call warm in the documentation pretty much interchangeably. This uses S3 to actually back the data, plus a caching layer to make it, well, warmer than warm and well, maybe ultra warm I guess is what they're calling it there. Ultra warm storage is best for indices that have not a lot of writes going to them. So for things that are immutable like log data, Ultrawarm storage might be a good choice for that. It is slower performance, but it's much lower cost because you're using S3 instead of local storage. Now, in order to use Ultrawarm storage, you need to have a dedicated master node, and in practice you usually have three of them. But we'll talk about that more in a bit. You can't just have a standalone cluster without a master node if you want to use different storage types. And if you want to save even more money, there's cold storage available now as well. That also uses S3 to back it up, and it's even cheaper. This is intended for uses like periodic research or forensic analysis on older data. For example, if you have really old log data that you just don't care about that much anymore, cold storage might be a good place for it. Again, you must have a dedicated master, and you also have to have Ultrawarm enabled as well in order to use cold storage. One gotcha with cold storage is that it is currently not compatible with T2 or T3 instance types on the data nodes. And if you are using fine grained access control, you need to map users to the cold manager role in OpenSearch dashboards to use it properly. So a couple of implementation details there. And you can also migrate your data between different storage types as you want. And as we'll see, there's ways to actually automate migrating data from hot to warm to cold storage over time if you want to. So you don't have to decide upfront what kind of storage you want for your data. You can actually move data in your indices back and forth between them as needed. And that leads us to index state management really more of an Elasticsearch feature in general. And you know, we could talk for hours and hours and hours about the details and depths of Elasticsearch itself. There's a whole course I have on that that lasts forever, but we're just going to talk about it enough to get you through the exam here. So the idea of index state management or ISM, is to automate index management policies. And what are some examples of that. So for example, if you have old indices that you want to delete after a period of time, maybe you have indices that are broken up by month or something and you only care about data. Within the past three years, you might have an index state management policy that automatically deletes those old indices after a certain amount of period of time has elapsed. You might also use it to move indices into a read only state after some period of time. You might need to do that for compliance reasons to make sure you're not messing with data after the fact. And like we talked about in the previous slide, you can also use this to automatically move indices from hot to ultra warm to cold storage over time as well. So if you know that you're going to be accessing your data less frequently, the older it becomes, it might make sense to automatically move that into cooler and cooler storage as time goes on in order to save some money. You can also use index state management to reduce your replica count over time as well. So if you have an index, that's, uh, if you care less about it, as time goes on, you could reduce its replica count over time to if you, uh, don't care as much about losing that data over time. And you can also use it for automating index snapshots, for just backing up your index and putting it somewhere. ISM policies are run every 30 to 48 minutes. That's a weird number, isn't it? The reason that it has that range is because there's a random jitter introduced to it, to make sure that you're not running index data on all of your indices at the same time, that might end up impacting the performance of your cluster. Also, you can set index state management up to send notifications once they're done. And one thing that's kind of specific to Amazon is you can even send a notification through Amazon Chime to a room to let it know that a policy has been enacted. More index management stuff. Uh, index roll ups. So you can also periodically roll up your old data into summarized indices. So this can save you a ton of money on storage costs. If after a certain period of time, you don't need detailed information, but just the summary information, this is a great idea for saving money. So that new rolled up index might have fewer fields. Maybe you're throwing away some fields that you don't really care about after a certain period of time, or coarser time buckets. That's another way you can consolidate stuff. Also, index transforms are available. Same idea as roll ups. But the purpose here is not to, uh, summarize data, but just to analyze it differently, to create a different view of it. And you might do things like groupings and aggregations there. So, for example, I could group all my data by some identifier and have a separate view that's grouped by that separate field that I care about. Or I could have aggregations. Maybe I care about the sum of everything within that group, or the sum of everything within a certain period of time, or the average, whatever it might be, an index transform can automatically create those new views for you. Let's also talk about cross-cluster replication in the context of index management. So you can actually replicate your indices and mappings and metadata across different domains. And this is important for a couple of reasons. First of all, it ensures high availability in the event of an outage. So if you're replicating all of your data to some other cluster that's in another data center somewhere, or maybe even a different region, if that region goes down or that data center goes down, you'll still have that backup copy running someplace else because you are replicating it. Also, it's an idea to reduce latency if you have a global application so you can replicate your data geographically around the world using replication for better latency from different locations around the world. So if you have someone trying to hit your OpenSearch cluster from Europe, it's better to have a replica of that cluster in Europe than making them go across the ocean to hit a cluster that's located in the United States or something. The way it works is you set up what's called a follower index that pulls data from what they call a leader index. So the leader index is basically your your master copy, and the follower is going to be the replicate just the terminology they use there. And to use cross-cluster replication you need to have fine grained access control enabled on your OpenSearch cluster and node to node encryption to make sure that we can do that securely. There's also a feature that's similar called remote Reindex that allows you to copy indices specifically from one cluster to another cluster on demand. So if you don't need to replicate the entire cluster itself, along with all of its mappings and metadata, remote Reindex allows you to copy just an index from one cluster to another whenever you need to. A few notes on OpenSearch stability that you might need to know about. So first of all, it's important to have at least three dedicated master nodes. That's the best practice. If you have one, it might go down and then you're out of you're out of commission, right? You can't just have a single master node because that's a single point of failure. Why not just have two? Well, the problem with two master nodes is that you can get into what's called a split brain condition. And there can be a failure mode where you have two master nodes at the same time, basically, and nobody knows which one is the actual authoritative master node. So by having three master nodes, that third one gets to decide who is the actual master in that case. So by having at least three master nodes, you can avoid the split brain failure mode, and you can avoid the single point of failure of just having one. So that is considered the best practice. Also, make sure you don't run out of disk space. That's actually the uh, the number one problem with OpenSearch in Elasticsearch clusters in general. So you got to do the math, make sure you're allocating enough storage capacity for what you want to store. And, um, I haven't heard any reports of the exam going into this level of detail, but this is the sort of thing that they like to ask about. So if you do need to estimate your storage requirements for a given set of data, one way to roughly come at what you need is to take the size of the source data itself that you're trying to store times one plus the number of replicas. So obviously, you need to account for all that data being stored on your primary cluster, plus any replicas that you might be replicating it to for backup purposes or for latency purposes. Like we talked about times 1.45. And that's just an estimate of all the overhead associated with storing that data. Also, you need to choose the correct number of shards. That too is a bit of a science, and unfortunately it's something you just kind of have to experiment with to get the the right balance there. But they also offer a an equation here that at least gets you in the ballpark. So the idea here is to take the size of your source data, plus how much room for growth you want to bake into it. You know, how much do I want to assume that I want to have excess capacity for for growth of that data over time times one plus indexing overhead. So what is indexing overhead? Well, uh, it's not just storing your data. It's also storing data about what's needed to index that data. And that takes additional space. Typically that's about another 10%. So roughly you can use that as an estimate, although you can actually query your indices to get the exact number. There's a couple of commands that you can send to it to say, give me the exact size of this index and you can take that data, compare it to the size of the data of itself, and figure out the actual indexing overhead for your specific index if you need to, but 10% is a good guess, then divide that by your desired shard size, how much data you're putting in each shard. And that should give you an estimate of the total number of shards that you need to hold your data. Now, in some rare cases, you may also need to limit the number of shards per node. However, in practice, this usually doesn't become a problem. You usually run out of disk space before you run out of shards per node. Also, you need to choose your instance types wisely. Again, you need at least three data nodes for all the same reasons. One is a single point of failure, and two you can get into weird states. At least three is the best practice, and mostly you just need to think about your storage requirements. So again, OpenSearch is very storage heavy. So you're going to be thinking mostly about how do I get the right nodes with enough storage. Some examples would be M-6-g search. These are all search instance types. Or if you need something bigger i3 for xlarge search. And if you're actually storing petabytes of information, you might opt to use the i3 point 16 Xlarge instance type.