All right. We've talked about OpenSearch at a general level and how it's generally useful for search, but how is it specifically useful for a generative AI? Well, as we've seen before, bedrock vector stores have a prominent option for using OpenSearch as your vector store. And it has a vector store capability now too. And not only that, it can be serverless as well. Now, note that serverless is not the same thing as scale to zero as you might learn the hard way, if you leave a serverless vector store up and running, you're still going to get billed a few hundred dollars a month even if you're not using it. So be aware of that. That's not going to be in the exam, I don't think, but just telling you that for your own safety, however, the exam in its current form at least treats OpenSearch as kind of the primary implementation for backing a bedrock knowledge base. Personally, I think that might get subsumed by the new S3 vectors feature. There's actually a much easier and simpler way of doing this now using S3, where you can just throw data in S3 and say S3, make vectors out of this, and then I can tie that to my knowledge base. I like that a little bit better, but I think it's just a little bit too new for this exam. But just to put the idea in your head, S3 vectors are a thing. Now too. Now, vector stores in OpenSearch are not limited to bedrock knowledge bases. If you set up a vector store in OpenSearch, you could use that with other systems as well. Of course, if you have a system in SageMaker AI, something built on top of a hugging face model, or your own custom models for retrieval augmented generation, you can also integrate them into those as well. So it's not just for bedrock. Now something else that might be in the exam is semantic versus hybrid search. So semantic is kind of what we do by default right. So we say here's a chunk of text that I've converted to an embedding vector. Go find me the closest embedding vector that you have. And what chunk of data is associated with that. So that is semantic search. We're just strictly doing vector comparisons there on embedding vectors. However, as we've seen that has some challenges in getting the right relevant data. So if we combine that with kind of old school keyword search, maybe we can get even better results. So one idea would be to use a hybrid approach where we combine vector and keyword search together. Now that requires that you're going to need to index your keywords for metadata in addition to these vectors as well. but it's a powerful technique for actually improving the relevancy of your results from the vector store. So we don't just search for embeddings, we also search for the actual keyword matches as well at the same time. Now, getting into the nitty gritty of OpenSearch, there are three high level engines that we can use for vector search in OpenSearch. They are Facebook AI similarity f I f I s for short. That's what most people use. Non-metric space library, NMS lib and Apache Lucene and a couple of ways of using it. How do I actually do that? Vector search. Fundamentally, I need to find the closest embedding vector to an embedding vector that I'm giving it. One way is the exact nearest neighbor search, but as you can imagine, that's pretty slow. That requires me to compute the distance from my vector to every other vector and find the smallest distance. You don't want to do that in the real world, there's a much faster approach called approximate nearest neighbor, which is generally good enough. It might not be perfect, but for our purposes it's worth the trade off. And there are two choices here on how to configure that. One algorithm for an is hierarchical navigable small world or NSW for short. And then there's inverted file or IVF. So the difference here that you want to remember is that HSG is fast but it uses a lot of Ram. So if you have a really huge data set it might not scale so well. If you do have a ton of data for a really huge data set. IVF might be a better choice, but you're going to be trading off recall performance for that extra speed and memory performance. So if you have a huge data set and Ram is an issue, IVF is your choice. Otherwise, if you value speed and efficiency over everything else, Hsw is the one that you want. You can tune Hsw further as well. There are many parameters, but these are the three that you should know. One is M, which is just how many edges per node are used by the algorithm. And you need to just know that a higher M results in more memory usage, so it results in a denser graph. Higher recall, but at the expense of more memory. Then there's f underscore construction. And that is the size of the dynamic list used for the KNN graph. Internally, KNN is k nearest neighbors. It's a machine learning algorithm that's a different course, but the higher f construction value we have, the slower your indexing will be, but your graph will be more accurate. Then there's f underscore search which is how thoroughly we explore that graph. So as you can imagine a higher value will give you higher recall values. You know better quality but it will slow down your search performance okay. So just remember what the trade offs are here of these different parameters for W and some more finer points of using OpenSearch as your vector store. Just a random things that might show up on the exam. There are different vector compression techniques. So different Ann methods have their own techniques for vector compression. And it's good that you can do this. And you can imagine, you know, typically you have 1000 or more dimensions per vector. And if you're just encoding like a 300 character chunk of text with a thousand dimensions, you're using more space for the embeddings than for the data itself. It gets a little bit weird, but they do have vector compression techniques that can help with that. And typically that's done under the hood. So, you know, you don't have to think about that too much. But there are a few techniques you should know about. One is binary vectors. So if I convert those floating point dimension values to just bit sequences, I can save a lot of space, right? So compared to a 32 bit floating point number, if I can press that down to a single bit, I've saved 3232 x compression there. Now these are not going to be useful embeddings by their own, but they can be useful for fast distance search. So that's a useful tool for accelerating these lookups. And something else is fp16 which does still give you a useful embedding vector. It's just a quantizing it from 32 bit to 16 bit resolution. So still a floating point value in those vectors. But you know, just with a little bit less resolution. And usually that's fine. And this is what W does actually by default under the hood. So that is default vector compression fp16. Remember that one just means 16 bit floating point values as opposed to 32 bit. So more finer points that you might need to know about. How do I choose a sharding strategy when I'm dealing with this stuff. So we talked about sharding earlier, but there are some specific considerations with semantic search. So we need to balance the shard size and our CPU ratio. Obviously, like you want to make sure that you have enough CPU horsepower for the number of shards you have. That's a given. But a more fine point here is that if you're just doing semantic search, those are actually pretty straightforward queries, right? So there's not a whole lot of coordination going on across shards there. So if you're just doing vector search semantic search you can get away with larger shards as a result on the order of 30 to 50GB. But if you're doing a hybrid search where you're still doing traditional keyword search, you want you want smaller shards because you'll be doing more cross shard coordination for those keyword queries, right? So that's the one to remember. Now, if you're using the serverless version of OpenSearch, this all happens automatically under the hood. But if you are provisioning your own shards, that is something to know. So again semantic larger shards. Hybrid smaller shards. There are also techniques using multiple indexes that can be useful as well. So let's say you are indexing different types of documents or documents from different domains. Maybe they deserve their own indices. So that way you can tune performance individually for each type of data for each corpus of data. And maybe you want different embedding models as well for different types of data. That gives you that flexibility. If you have a multi-index approach for your embeddings. Now you're going to need some sort of a query routing system to pull that off. So I need to know which index do I hit for a given type of data. And one way of doing that is hierarchical indices. So the idea here is that you have a top level index whose only purpose is to route you to a detail level index for a specific kind of document. That top level one is really small and fast. It just routes you to an index with more detailed data per domain. So again it's a way of implementing these multiple indices we just talked about that might be specialized for different data types or for different domains. And again they could have their own shard sizes, their own tuning, their own embedding models, whatever it might be. Now there are other ways of doing the same thing. You know, you could imagine a foundation model making that decision for you as well. But this is just a little bit more of a low level way of doing that. One more thing. The neural plugin for OpenSearch as a vector store, you might need to know about that. This is just a way to integrate your embedding model directly into OpenSearch ingest pipelines. So the neural plugin for OpenSearch lets you include that embedding model as part of the whole pipeline, so it allows you to connect your embedding model with OpenSearch. So you can just throw text at OpenSearch. It will figure out how to compute the appropriate embedding vector and then do its vector query automatically. It's one big thing. So if you do want to package everything that you need into OpenSearch itself, that can make it an alternative to using a bedrock knowledge base, because OpenSearch at this point can just take raw text, you know, do that vector search and give you back the most relevant chuck all within itself by using the neural plugin. Another thing that neural plugin does, it does integrate with bedrock. So it allows you to actually call your bedrock embedding model as part of that search process. So, you know, it doesn't have to be a raw model that you're passing in. It can actually hit that from bedrock to embed that within OpenSearch itself. So if you want that embedding to happen within OpenSearch, that's what the plugin is for. That's what you need to remember.