So just to make it real, let me show you where S3 vectors live in the S3 console, and then we'll do a quick demo of using it within a bedrock knowledge base as well. So I'm here in S3 under the AWS console, and you'll see there's now a Vector Buckets choice under the buckets here. And we can just click on that. It's just that easy. And from there we can create a new vector bucket. You can see I've already got a couple in here from what I've been playing with it. One is one that I've been manually inserting data into. And also we have one that was created automatically from a knowledge base that we made. So we'll see that shortly. If you want to make a new one just click on the big Friendly create bucket button there. Give it a name like uh whatever. Again, you know, it has to be globally unique because it's still S3. So uh sundog vector test. Insert your own name. You can see that we can specify any specific encryption we want as well. So by default it's going to use S3 managed keys SE, S3 by default. And I can specify my own if I want to as well using my own KMS key as well. So that's an option as well. Just like anything in S3, you can control the security of it and how it's encrypted at rest. And if you want to tag that, you can as well. But that's pretty much all there is to it. Create a vector bucket. And once you have a bucket you can create an index. So let's go ahead and click on that new S3 vector bucket we made. And now we can create a vector index associated with it. That index also needs a name like a Sundog vector test index. And you need to give it a dimension. So that can be between 1 and 4096. Let's use 1536. That's a pretty common number. And you need to specify what distance metric you want to use as well. That can either be the Euclidean distance, the actual, you know, straight line distance between the two vectors, or the cosine similarity. I'm a fan of cosine similarity. It has a lot of nice properties, and that's a little bit more smooth and kind of clumps together, things that are more relevant. So but those are your choices. Let's open up the additional settings here. And here is where you can add Non-filterable metadata. So you can always add filterable metadata whenever you want to. And you know, that might be the text that you're actually indexing or stuff that you want to be able to retrieve and search by. But if you have metadata that you know you don't need to filter by, you can save some performance by adding it as non-filterable metadata. And this needs to be done at this point where we're creating the index unfortunately. So um, an example character. Although in the real world I probably want to filter by that. Right. So that's probably not a great example. But if you do have additional metadata that you want to retrieve, you can create those keys here. All right. Also again you can specify the encryption. And I am just going to use the default settings. But again if I wanted to specify my own specific encryption type I could say use my own KMS key if I want to or just use the bucket settings. So let's go ahead and just use the bucket settings actually and make it consistent. All right. And then again we can add some tags. But again that's pretty much it. The only thing to really think about here is the dimensions. Again you know the more dimensions you have, the more data you're going to take to store that and the slower it will take to compute everything. Those are larger embedding vectors, and that comes with a cost. But you know, if your dimensions too small then you might not be capturing the semantic meaning of the stuff you're storing in here, and your search might not be as relevant. So kind of a trade off there. You have to experiment with. When you're done, create that vector index and it's ready to go. So at this point I could go to the aws CLI and use the put vector request to actually insert data into this programmatically. There's no real UI for doing that. Or I could use the S3 vectors embed CLI tool as well for doing that in a more purpose built manner. Let's go ahead and delete this. So before I forget. Again, S3 is cheap, but no sense leaving resources around that you don't need. And let's also go back and delete the underlying bucket. All right. So let's show this in a little bit more of an interesting scenario. So let's actually go to bedrock and create a knowledge base that uses S3 vector stores Amazon bedrock. And let's go ahead and build a knowledge base. And it has new multimodal capabilities. Cool. All right. Let's go ahead and create one. We're going to create a knowledge base with a vector store not using Kendra. Let's give this knowledge base a name. Let's use that. The text of that book I wrote. So Frank's self employment book. And if you want to give it a description, you can, uh, the text of Frank Cain's old book about self employment. And that is in your course materials, which is why I'm using that. I'm going to let it make a IAM role on its own automatically. If you wanted to have more control, you could do that. And the data source has to come from someplace before we actually make a vector store. Right. So this is not the vector store itself by saying S3 here. I'm just saying that's where the raw data that I'm going to index is coming from. Okay. So that's cool. And we want tags. You can we don't care. You can also configure the application logs. But let's just plow ahead because we're just trying to illustrate vector stores here. All right. So now we need to give our data source a name. And this is where we're going to connect it to our data in S3. So let's call that Frank's book. And earlier we should have created an S3 bucket for that already. Let's just go ahead and browse for it. I've got it sitting here under Sundog book Rag Book Dot txt. And if you do need to create your own S3 bucket first go off and do that. You'll find book dot txt in your course materials. Choose that data source. And now we're going to get into the parsing strategy. This is in fact text information. So the default parser should do just fine. There is no multimodal content here. And if I wanted to use bedrock data automation I could do that too. Or I could use my own foundation model. Whatever I want. Lots of choices there. All right I'm going to use default chunking because again I don't want to think about it too much. So that's just defining how I split up that data into chunks that are indexed. And it will make sure to not split things up in ways that don't make sense, but it's going to aim for about 300 tokens per chunk here. And if I want to get into more detail, I can I can have my own lambda function. Anyway, this is not a lecture about bedrock. This is a lecture about S3 vectors. So let's skip all that, shall we? Next, here's where it gets interesting. So now we need to create a model that we want to use to create those embeddings with. Right. So I'm just going to go ahead and use a Titan text embeddings v2. You might see something newer here. That's fine. Doesn't really matter as long as it's consistent and it's somewhat modern. And now for the vector store we're going to create a new one on its own. And we're going to select here look at that Amazon S3 vectors. It's just built in. Very cool. All right. If we wanted to use our own key we could but let's just hit next. All right. So that's pretty much all there is to it. It's saying I'm going to take that data from Frank's book. I'm going to go ahead and create my own vector store from it. And it will automatically use the vector dimensions for my embedding model to match up that S3 vector index with the appropriate number of dimensions. And it is possible to adjust that back when I selected that embeddings model. By the way, if I wanted to let's go ahead and create that knowledge base. All right. So next I need to sync the data into that knowledge base. So if I just use the handy dandy link here well it's right here right. Just click on the data source I created. Click on sync. And that should go ahead and index that into my S3 vector index. We'll come back when that's done. Might take a minute. Nope. Actually that took about 10s. All right. So this should work. Um, we don't need queue here, but, uh, let's go ahead and test that knowledge base, shall we? And we'll do a retrieve and response. So we need to select a model for generating the responses. How about Nova to light. US is fine for me. And we can write a prompt and see if it actually hits that S3 vector store under the hood. So let's say, um, what's the question in that I can answer from that book? Um, how does health insurance in the US work for the self-employed? Aha. And it actually gives me citations back to the original book there. So it looks like it's working. That's pretty cool. Let's click on details. And we can see that it did in fact retrieve from that underlying S3 vector store. Very cool. And those are the actual chunks that came back from it. Awesome. So that is S3 vectors integrated with knowledge bases. And as you can see, there's not much to it. You know, you just choose S3 vectors as an option when you're creating the knowledge base, and the rest is kind of handled for you as part of the same knowledge base workflow there. Nothing's different. We do, however, need to clean up our mess. So let's go back to knowledge bases. And go ahead and delete that one. And again, the usual warning here. This does not delete the underlying vector store. So this is not going to delete our actual S3 vector bucket. We need to do that as a separate step. So let's go back to S3. And under vector buckets indeed there's the one that I just made. Let's go ahead and delete that. And that. But I can't delete the bucket until I delete the index. So let's go to the index like it says delete that index first. And now I can delete the actual bucket. All right we're done. That is S3 vectors in action. As you can see it's very easy to create them and very easy to create an index within one and even easier to use it within a bedrock knowledge base.