So now let's talk about DynamoDB Accelerator or DAX. DAX is a fully-managed, highly available and seamless in-memory cache for DynamoDB. The idea is that you're going to cache the most popular data, and therefore you're going to get microsecond latency for cached reads and queries. It doesn't require you to change any of your application logic, it's compatible with the existing DynamoDB APIs. And you just create a DAX cluster and you're good to go. Now, DAX, what does it solve? It solves the hot key problems. So if you're reading a very specific key or a very specific item, too many times then you may get throttling on your RCU's. But if it's cached by DAX, then you've just solved that problem. So let's have an example, we DynamoDB it's made of tables and our application is trying to access these tables. Now in between, we're going to create a DAX cluster, which is made of cache nodes, and we have to provision them in advance. Now the application will directly interact with the DAX cluster, and the DAX cluster will fetch the data from the DynamoDB tables. So by default, that means that some data is going to be cached, and if you think cached, you need to think TTL. So the TTL is going to be five minutes. So by default, every cache data will live for five minutes in your DAX cluster. Now the DAX cluster is made of nodes, and so therefore you need to provision them and you can have up to 10 nodes in the cluster. And it's a good idea to be in a Multi-AZ kind of setup to have at least three nodes recommended in production. So one in each AZ. And DAX is fully secure, so you have encrypted at rest. You have IAM application, VPC security, CloudTrail integration, and so on. So remember DAX is here to help you cache the most popular items or queries from DynamoDB. Now, the question we have, is what's the difference between DynamoDB Accelerator, so DAX and ElastiCache? Well, they can be used as a combination and the exam may test you on figuring out if it's best to use DynamoDB DAX, or if you wanna use ElastiCache. So with DAX, what you're going to do is that you're going to have a cache for individual objects or for your queries, or your scans. This is very, very handy, and this is what I call simple types of queries. So your objects, your queries and your scans. But if you're doing some kind of logic application wise, you know you're like doing a scan and then you're doing the sum, and then you're filtering out some data, and so on. And you don't want to do this every single time, because this is computationally expensive. What you can do, is you can store the results of whatever your application just did in Amazon ElastiCache. And retrieve the data from ElastiCache directly, instead of re-querying DAX and re-performing the aggregation client side. So this could be a good way to actually use them both together in the architecture. Okay. So now let's go ahead and see how we can create a DAX cluster.