So you've got this beautiful vector store. How do you keep it up to date? You know, the source data that you're indexing and making embeddings from. It's going to be changing all the time. New stuff's going to be getting added, stuff's going to be getting deleted. Things are going to be changing. We got to handle it somewhere. So how do we handle incremental updates in real time, change detection and synchronizing this data and building pipelines to make sure that it's always happening? Well, that's what EventBridge is all about. And we'll talk about EventBridge in a little bit more depth later. But at a high level, just know that EventBridge is your friend for keeping your vector store up to date. And here's what one architecture for that might look like. So if you're going to be seeing, you know, occasional updates from your data, maybe you have like an event from S3 or a webhook from some third party system, or maybe even some regular polling of the system from EventBridge that somehow tells you that something has changed, right? So EventBridge can pick up that event, that data has changed. And then one way of doing it would be to kick off a Lambda function that says, okay, I'm going to go retrieve that changed data from wherever it came from, and then I'm going to turn around and feed that to my bedrock bedrock knowledge base and invoke the ingestion of that new data into bedrock. Now, you might also want to think about introducing AWS batch into this pipeline, because you know, if this is happening really, really often, that's not going to scale too well. So, you know, if you don't need immediate changes reflected sticking AWS batch in the middle might be a good way to kind of create a buffer there or, you know, use an event driven, uh, technique by using something like SQS or Kafka in between Lambda and where you're actually storing this data would be another idea. There's also the problem of maintaining your vector indices. So over time, drift and fragmentation can become issues. You know, as you keep changing the data stored in your underlying data store. Um, that can reduce the performance of that data store. So once in a while you probably want to rebuild that index. So one way of doing that is again using EventBridge just as a periodic trigger to rebuild those indices. So that in turn could call AWS batch to queue up a job to create those new embeddings from scratch, create a new vector database, validate that it's okay, and then swap over those aliases so that the old and the new get swapped. Right. So that's just one architecture for periodically rebuilding your vector store entirely. Using EventBridge to trigger AWS batch to queue up a complete rebuild of that index.