Next, what can we do, thanks to the File Gateway? So here is some interesting thing to think about when you're a solution architect. So our traditional server can access our File Gateway appliance on-premise using the NFS or the SMB protocol. And as we said, the files are going to be stored in the backend into Amazon S3. Now it is 100% for you possible to use a VPC, and create another File Gateway appliance and connect your E2 instances over with NFS and SMB. Why would you do this? Well, maybe you want your EC 2 instances to access Amazon S3 as a file system and therefore you're going to use a File Gateway appliance for that. So this could also be a way for you to migrate your applications from on-premise to the cloud using the same protocol the same NFS or SMB protocol, and it would be a first step to move your migration, your workloads into the cloud. But once the data is in Amazon S3, remember every single file is going to be in Amazon S3. Then you can use S3 events to send that information to Lambda. and then Lambda functions, maybe process some of these objects for you. Or we can use Athena to query all of our data in Amazon S3. The beautiful thing is that Athena only uses the resources of Amazon S3, and so it doesn't impact the performance of our File Gateway. We can use Redshift Spectrum or even EMR to analyze the data. Finally, we are able to use cross region replication to, for example, back up the data into another region for disaster recovery. So by using the File Gateway, it seems very simple. We are exposing a network file system to our corporate data center, but because the data appears to be in S3 at the end, it opens up so many different possibilities, and I hope you see them. Next we could have read only replicas. So for example, you wanted to replicate a file system from one on-premise data center to another. In the first on-premise data center, you would create your File Gateway plans number one and your applications would write some files into it. And then you would appear in an Amazon S3 bucket. And in another on-premise data center, you can create a read only replica, so that your file system, your application servers can read a read only copy of your File Gateway appliance to get the data fast with low latency. So this is yet another architecture you have to think about when you're using your File Gateway appliance. Next, there's way to do backup and lifecycle policies. So let's take an example. Our file system, our application servers, are talking to our file system on the File Gateway and the files are going to be backed up into Amazon S3. But it is possible for these files to be used less and less. And so we can define S3 lifecycle policies, maybe to migrate stuff to Amazon S3 Standard-IA first for infrequent access, and then after a while migrate it to Amazon S3 Glacier. So what we've done is that effectively, we've made sure that we are getting some cost savings for our file system on top of getting an NFS interface for our application server on-premise. So yet another thing to think about. But this is Amazon S3, so we have so many other possibilities. The first one is that if you do enable Amazon S3 ObjectVersioning, then you can store multiple object versions as they are modified, which is extremely helpful if one of your engineers, or one of your employees, is asking you to restore a specific file to a previous version. Because you're storing every single change in Amazon S3, it is definitely possible for you to restore any file to any previous version, or you can even restore an entire file system to a previous version. But if you do so, to restore a file or a file system to a previous version, you need to let your File Gateway appliance know that there has been a change. And so there is a cache, a RefreshCache API on the gateway so that you notify the gateway that there has been some restore happening, some changes happening on the Amazon S3 buckets, and there will be a synchronization happening in the backend. Another one is to use Amazon S3 Object Lock. And this enables the File Gateway to be a Write Once Read Many, so WORM data network file system. So the idea is that if there are any modifications or renames in the file share clients, the file gateway will create a new version of the object without affecting prior versions and the original locked version will remain unchanged. Effectively, the giving, making sure that you're not losing any data and that the original data will never be deleted. And so for compliance reasons, or audits, or restore again versions, then reasons this could be really, really helpful. So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.