So finally, here is a quick overview of the different services you can use on AWS to help you with your on-premise migration. So the first one is Application Discovery Services and it will help you plan migration projects by gathering information about on-premise data centers. It will track some stuff, such as the server utilization data and also map the dependencies before you do your migration. So there's two kind of discoveries for Application Discovery Services. There is the agentless discovery with something called the Application Discovery Agentless Connector. And this is an OVA package that you have to deploy onto a VMware host on-premise. And this package will do some inventory on all the virtual missions you have, their configuration and their performance history such as CPU, memory and disc usage. It is going to work for any kind of operating system. But there's a second way of doing things, which is to use the agent-based discovery, which is really, really interesting. This will gather system and configuration, system performance, running processes and details of all the network connection between the systems by deploying an agent onto a Microsoft server, an Amazon Linux, Ubuntu, RedHat, CentOS, SUSE. So the idea is that this agent will literally look into all the processes and also look into the network data and we'll map it with all the other agents we've deployed on all the other servers and this will allow us to get a full map of how the servers are communicating with one another and this will allow us to discover that, yes indeed, some servers seem to talk to one another but we didn't know about it. So this is to discover your entire mapping of services, applications, and servers overall. All the resulting data can be exported as a CSV or viewed within something called the AWS Migration Hub and you can also query it using Amazon Athena. So I just wanna do a quick Zoom on the Migration Hub data exploration. So once you collect your data from your on-premises servers, you can use Athena to analyze the data collected. So because the data is automatically collected with the agent and it's stored in Amazon S3 buckets at regular intervals. So then from Athena, you can use predefined or custom queries to analyze your data. For example, you can figure out the types of processes running on each server. On top of it, you have the ability to upload additional data sources such as, for example, a CMDB export, so CMDB means Configuration Management Database. So you can put all of this and use Athena to do your data exploration on the Migration Hub. On top of it, if you wanted to visualize this data, you can of course integrate Athena with QuickSight. So now let's talk about the AWS Application Migration Service or MGN. So it's an evolution of another service that AWS had bought in the past, which was called CloudEndure Migration. And AWS used to have this service called Server Migration Service, SMS. Now, both of them combined together are equal to the Application Migration Service and if you see CloudEndure Migration or SMS in your exam, this is the exact same service. All right, so the purpose of the MGN service is to do lift and shift, so re-host solution to simplify migrating applications to AWS. What it'll do is that it will convert your physical, virtual or cloud-based servers to run natively on AWS. So as an example, you have your corporate data center, you have your OS, your apps, your database, your discs and you wanna move them into the cloud using the MGN service. For this, you're going to create a staging environment and then you will run the replication agent from AWS and the replication user will continuously replicate the data, your applications and so on, onto your staging environment, which will correspond to an EC2 instance and EBS volumes. And then when you're ready to fully migrate, you can do a cut-over into a production environment to have a largely side EC2 instance and EBS volumes. So this service, the Application Migration Service, MGN, supports a right range of platforms, supports different operating systems, as well as databases, and it gives you minimal downtime and reduced costs. And so the second service that looks a lot like MGN is called Elastic Disaster Recovery or DRS. And why, well, it used to be called CloudEndure Disaster Recovery, but it's been renamed and rebranded as a pure AWS service. So the way it works, with this service, you can quickly and easily recover your physical, virtual or cloud-based servers into AWS, which is very similar from the previous one, but this one is about recovery. So for example, you want to protect your most critical databases, for example, Oracle, MySQL and SQL Server, you wanna protect your enterprise apps, for example, SAP, or you wanna protect yourself from ransomware attacks and so on. And so for this, you're going to get continuous, block-level replication for your servers into the cloud. So the architecture is very similar because they actually rely on the same backend technology. So you have your OS, your apps, your database and your discs that are going to be pushed into the cloud using the Elastic Disaster Recovery. So you need to have a replication agent that will replicate within seconds all your data into the cloud. And then if you are to do a disaster recovery, then you can perform a failover within minutes to get a full-blown production environment ready in AWS in case, for example, your corporate data center goes down and in case you want to failover back, then you can have a failback mechanism when your corporate data center is available again. So to summarize, there is a few services you can use with on-premises, so first of all, just so you know, you can download the Amazon Linux 2 AMI as a virtual machine in the ISO format, which allows you to load it onto VMware, KVM, VirtualBox and Microsoft Hyper-V. Then when it comes to moving from on-premises to the cloud, you can use the AWS Application Discovery Service to gather together information about your on-premises servers and plan migration. You're going to get information about server utilization and dependency mapping and then you can track the entire migration with the AWS Migration Hub. Then you have the AWS Application Migration Service or MGN, which is replacing the SMS service or the CloudEndure Migration Service. And what you're going to get is incremental replication of on-premises live servers into AWS. You can migrate the entire VM into AWS with this service. Then you have the DRS service, so Elastic Disaster Recovery, which is very similar to MGN, but this one is replacing what's called CloudEndure Disaster Recovery. And it's going to help you recover on-premises workload onto AWS through a disaster recovery strategy. And then finally, not mentioning in this lecture but you've known about it already, this is the AWS Database Migration Service or DMS, which is going to be used to replicate your on-premises servers onto AWS or from AWS to AWS or even from AWS to on-premises and this is for databases only, of course. It works for Oracle, MySQL DB, DynamoDB, et cetera, et cetera. All right, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.